

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-108091
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160614
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160613
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Castle Brands Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001311538
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32849
		FILM NUMBER:		161711796
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		122 EAST 42ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4700
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10168
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-356-0200
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		122 EAST 42ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4700
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10168









     








Washington
&nbsp;D.C. 20549








For the fiscal year ended March 31
 2016










its charter)



    
    
    

    

    
    


    
    
    

122&nbsp;East&nbsp;42nd Street
&nbsp;Suite&nbsp;5000
    
    

New&nbsp;York
&nbsp;New&nbsp;York
    
    

    
    
    


Registrant&rsquo;s telephone number
including area code (646)&nbsp;356-0200



Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(b)
of the Act:



    
    
    

Common&nbsp;stock
&nbsp;$0.01&nbsp;par&nbsp;value
    
    


Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(g)
of the Act:



Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule&nbsp;405 of the Securities Act. Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
 &nbsp;No&nbsp;


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act.
Yes&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12&nbsp;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&nbsp;days. Yes&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;No&nbsp; 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
 &nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;


Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation&nbsp;S-K is not contained herein
 and
will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any amendment to this Form&nbsp;10-K.&nbsp; 


is a large accelerated filer
 accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.&nbsp;See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    

    
    
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Act). Yes&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp; 


common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the September 30
 2015 closing price was approximately $108
600
000&nbsp;based
on&nbsp;the closing price per share as reported on the NYSE MKT on such date. The registrant had 160
524
777 shares of common stock
outstanding at June 9
 2016.





 11
 12
 13
and 14)&nbsp;of this annual report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120&nbsp;days after the end of the
registrant&rsquo;s fiscal year covered by this report.




    
    












    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    



    
    








premium brands in the following beverage alcohol categories: rum
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka and tequila. We distribute our products
in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia
 in thirteen primary international markets
 including Ireland
 Great Britain
Northern Ireland
 Germany
 Canada
 Israel
 France
 Finland
 Norway
 Sweden
 Denmark
 United Arab Emirates
 Australia and the Duty
Free markets
 and in a number of other countries. We market the following brands
 among others:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





brands listed below.

Goslings rum and
. We are the exclusive U.S. distributor for Goslings rums
 including Goslings Black Seal Dark Rum
Goslings Gold Seal Rum and Goslings Old Rum. The Gosling family produces these rums in Bermuda
 where Goslings rums have been
under continuous production and ownership by the Gosling family for over 200&nbsp;years. We hold a 60% controlling interest
in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc.
 or GCP
 a global export venture between us and the Gosling family. GCP has the exclusive
long-term export and distribution rights for the Goslings rum products for all countries other than Bermuda. The Goslings rum
brands accounted for approximately 26% and 30% of our revenues for our 2016 and 2015 fiscal years
 respectively. We also
distribute Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 an essential non-alcoholic ingredient in Goslings trademarked Dark
 cocktail in a
ready-to-drink can.

Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons and rye
. We develop and market four premium
 very small batch bourbons: Jefferson&rsquo;s
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Reserve
 Jefferson&rsquo;s
Ocean Aged at Sea and Jefferson&rsquo;s Presidential Select. Each of these four distinct premium Kentucky bourbons is blended in
batches using select barrels of certain mash bills and ages to produce specific flavor profiles. We also market Jefferson's Straight
Rye Whiskey
 a premium whiskey distilled from 100% North American rye
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Chef&rsquo;s Collaboration
 a blend of
bourbon and rye
 Jefferson&rsquo;s The Manhattan: Barrel Finished Cocktail
 a ready-to-drink cocktail
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Wine Finish
Collection
 bourbons aged in wine barrels
 and Jefferson&rsquo;s Wood Experiment
 innovative wood-finished bourbons.

.
Our family of Clontarf Irish whiskeys currently represents a majority of our case sales of Irish whiskey. Clontarf
 an accessible
and smooth premium Irish whiskey
 is distilled using quality grains and pure Irish spring water. Clontarf is then aged in bourbon
barrels and mellowed through Irish oak charcoal. Clontarf is available in single malt and classic versions.


    
    


.
We developed our Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a single malt Irish whiskey
 to build on both the popularity of single malt Scotch whisky
and the growth in the Irish whiskey category. Knappogue Castle Whiskey is distilled in pot stills using malted barley and is aged
twelve years. We have introduced Knappogue Twin Wood
 the first Sherry Finished Knappogue Castle Whiskey. The whiskey is matured
for sixteen years in two types of wood resulting in a perfectly balanced single malt Irish whiskey with a complex
 rich taste and
a slightly sweet sherry finish. Knappogue Castle 1951 is a pure pot-still whiskey that was distilled in 1951 and then aged for
36&nbsp;years in sherry casks. The name comes from an Irish castle
 formerly owned by Mark Edwin Andrews
 the originator of the
brand and the father of Mark Andrews
 our chairman.

.
Brady&rsquo;s Irish Cream
 a high quality Irish cream
 is made in small batches using Irish whiskey
 dairy fresh cream and natural
flavors.

. Boru vodka
 a
premium vodka produced in Ireland
 was developed in 1998 and is named after the legendary High King of Ireland
 Brian Boru
 who
united the Irish clans and drove foreign invaders out of Ireland. It is five-times distilled using pure spring water for smoothness
and filtered through ten feet of charcoal made from Irish oak for increased purity.

. Celtic
Honey is a premium brand of Irish liqueur that is a unique combination of Irish spirits
 cognac and a taste of honey. Gaelic Heritage
Corporation Limited
 an affiliate of one of our bottlers
 has the exclusive rights to produce and supply us with Celtic Honey.

. We have
the exclusive U.S. distribution rights (excluding duty free sales) for Pallini Limoncello and its related brand extensions. Pallini
Limoncello is a premium lemon liqueur
 which is served iced cold
 on the rocks or as an ingredient in a wide variety of drinks
ranging from martinis to iced tea. It is also used in cooking
 particularly for pastries and cakes. Pallini Limoncello is crafted
from an authentic family recipe. It is made with Italy&rsquo;s finest Sfusato Amalfitano lemons that are hand-selected for optimal
freshness and flavor. There are two other flavor extensions of this Italian liqueur: Pallini Peachcello
 made with white peaches
and Pallini Raspicello
 made from a combination of raspberries and other berries.

. &ldquo;Tequila
Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco&rdquo;&trade; or &ldquo;Tierras&rdquo; is an organic
 super-premium
 USDA certified organic tequila
and is available as blanco
 reposado and a&ntilde;ejo. We are the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras.

. In 2011
we became the exclusive U.S. distributor for Gozio amaretto
 which is made from a secret recipe that combines selected fruits from
four continents.




Brands into a profitable international spirits company
 with a distinctive portfolio of premium and super premium spirits brands.
To achieve this
 we continue to seek to:



    
    
 We continue to focus our distribution efforts
 sales expertise and targeted marketing activities on our more profitable brands and markets;

    
    
 We believe that continued organic growth will enable us to achieve long-term profitability. We focus on brands that have profitable growth potential and staying power
 such as our rums and whiskies
 sales of which have grown substantially in recent years;

    
    
 We use our existing assets
 expertise and resources to build consumer awareness and market penetration for our brands;

    
    
    

    
    
 We intend to continue to introduce new brand extensions and expressions. For example
 we have leveraged our successful Jefferson&rsquo;s portfolio by introducing a number of brand extensions. We continue to explore strategic relationships
 joint ventures and acquisitions to selectively expand our premium spirits portfolio. We expect that future acquisitions or agency relations
 if any
 would involve some combination of cash
 debt and the issuance of our stock.





and supply process for beverage alcohol products. First
 all of our spirits products are distilled. This is a multi-stage process
that converts basic ingredients
 such as grain
 sugar cane or agave
 into alcohol. Next
 the alcohol is processed and/or aged in
various ways depending on the requirements of the specific brand. For our vodka
 this processing is designed to remove all other
chemicals
 so that the resulting liquid will be odorless and colorless
 and have a smooth quality with minimal harshness. Achieving
a high level of purity involves a series of distillations and filtration processes.


 rather than
removing flavor
 various complex flavor profiles are achieved through one or more of the following techniques: infusion of fruit
addition of various flavoring substances
 and
 in the case of rums and whiskeys
 aging of the brands in various types of casks
for extended periods of time and the blending of several rums or whiskeys to achieve a unique flavor profile for each brand. After
the distillation
 purification and flavoring processes are completed
 the various liquids are bottled. This involves several important
stages
 including bottle and label design and procurement
 filling of the bottles and packaging the bottles in various configurations
for shipment.


in distillation
 bottling or other production facilities or equipment. Instead
 we have entered into relationships with several
companies to provide those services to us. We believe that these types of arrangements allow us to avoid committing significant
amounts of capital to fixed assets and permit us to have the flexibility to meet growing sales levels by dealing with companies
whose capacity significantly exceeds our current needs. These relationships vary on a brand-by-brand basis as discussed below.
As part of our ongoing cost-containment efforts
 we intend to continue to review each of our business relationships to determine
if we can increase the efficiency of our operations.


    
    





by the Gosling family in Hamilton
 Bermuda for over 200&nbsp;years and
 under our distribution arrangements with
Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda) Limited (&ldquo;Gosling&rsquo;s Export&rdquo;)
 they have retained the right to act as the
sole supplier to GCP with respect to our Goslings rum requirements. Goslings sources&nbsp;its rums in the Caribbean and
transports them to Bermuda where they are blended according to proprietary recipes. The rums are then sent to a plant
 owned
and operated by a third party
 in the United States
 where they are bottled
 packaged
 stored and shipped to our third-party
warehouse. We believe that Gosling&rsquo;s Export&rsquo;s blending and storage facilities in Bermuda will accommodate our
projected supply needs for the foreseeable future. We believe our third-party U.S. bottler has ample capacity to meet our
projected bottling needs for the foreseeable future. See &ldquo;Strategic brand-partner relationships.&rdquo;


canned and/or bottled by third-party soft-drink bottlers and canners to Goslings&rsquo; formula and requirements. We believe these bottlers
and canners have ample capacity to meet our projected supply needs for the foreseeable future.




 we entered into two long-term
supply agreements with Irish Distillers Limited (&ldquo;IDL&rdquo;)
 a subsidiary of Pernod Ricard
 under which it has agreed to
supply us with the aged single malt and grain whiskeys used in our Knappogue Castle whiskey products and all of our Clontarf Irish
whiskey products. The first supply agreement provides for the production of blended Irish whiskeys for us until the contract is
terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least
six years prior notice
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 we provide IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount&nbsp;of
liters of pure alcohol we require for the next four fiscal contract years and agree to purchase that amount
 subject to certain
annual adjustments. The second supply agreement provides for the production of single malt Irish whiskeys for us until the contract
is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least
thirteen years prior notice
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 we provide IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount&nbsp;of
liters of pure alcohol we require for the next twelve fiscal contract years and agree to purchase that amount
 subject to certain
annual adjustments. We are not obligated to pay for any product not yet received. The whiskeys are then sent to Terra Limited (&ldquo;Terra&rdquo;)
in Baileyboro
 Ireland
 where they are bottled in bottles we designed and packaged for shipment. We believe that Terra
 which also
acts as bottler for certain of our Boru vodka and as producer and bottler of our Brady&rsquo;s Irish Cream (and as bottler for
Celtic Honey
 which is supplied to us by one of Terra&rsquo;s affiliates)
 has sufficient bottling capacity to meet our current
needs
 and both Terra and IDL have the capacity to meet our projected supply needs for the foreseeable future. 


 storage
 sampling
testing
 filtering
 filling
 capping and labeling of bottles
 case packing
 warehousing and loading and inventory control for our
Knappogue Castle and Clontarf Irish whiskeys at prices that are adjusted annually by mutual agreement based on changes in raw materials
and consumer price indexes increases up to 3.5% per annum. This agreement also provides for maintenance of product specifications
and minimum processing procedures
 including compliance with applicable food and alcohol regulations and maintenance
 storage and
stock control of all raw products and finished products delivered to Terra. Terra holds all alcohol on its premises under its customs
and excise bond. Our bottling and services agreement with Terra will expire on June 30
 2016. We expect to continue to operate
under the terms of the expiring contract as we negotiate a new agreement with Terra. We believe we could obtain alternative sources
of bottling and services if we are unable to renew the existing Terra contract.




is bottled for us by Luxco
 Inc. (&ldquo;Luxco&rdquo;)
 in Cleveland
 OH
 from our stocks of aged bourbon and rye. Bourbon has
been in short supply in the U.S. in recent years
 and we have been actively seeking alternate sourcing for future supply. We have
acquired stocks of aged bourbon
 which we anticipate will supply our currently forecasted needs for the Jefferson&rsquo;s brand
although there is no assurance we can source adequate amounts of bourbon or rye
 if demand is greater than expected
 at satisfactory
prices.


with a bourbon distiller
 which provides for the production of newly distilled bourbon whiskey through December 31
 2019. Under
this agreement
 the distiller provides us with an agreed upon amount of original proof gallons of newly distilled bourbon whiskey
subject to certain annual adjustments. We are not obligated to pay the distiller for any product not yet received. During the
term of this supply agreement
 the distiller has the right to limit additional purchases to ten percent above the commitment amount.&nbsp;




European producer of grain neutral spirits to provide us with the distilled alcohol used in our Boru vodka. The supply agreement
provides for the producer to produce natural spirit for us with specified levels of alcohol content pursuant to specifications
set forth in the agreement and at specified prices through its expiration in December&nbsp;2016
 in quantities designated by us.
We believe that the producer has sufficient distilling capacity to meet our needs for Boru vodka for the foreseeable future. In
the event that we do not renew the production agreement
 we believe that we will be able to obtain grain neutral spirits from another
supplier.


    
    



from the producer to the bottling premises at Terra
 where it is filtered in several proprietary ways
 and pure water is added
to achieve the desired proof. Depending on the size of the bottle
 Boru vodka is then either bottled at Terra or shipped in bulk
to the U.S. and bottled at Luxco
 where we bottle certain sizes for the U.S. market. We believe that both Terra and Luxco have
sufficient bottling capacity to meet our current needs
 and both have the capacity to meet our anticipated future supply needs.
As described above
 our bottling and services agreement with Terra will expire on June 30
 2016. We expect to continue to operate
under the terms of the expiring contract as we negotiate a new agreement with Terra. We believe we could obtain alternative sources
of bottling and services if we are unable to renew the existing Terra contract.




us by Terra. Fresh cream is combined with Irish whiskey
 grain neutral spirits and various flavorings to our specifications
 and
then bottled by Terra in bottles designed for us. We believe that Terra has the capacity to meet our foreseeable supply needs for
this brand. As described above
 our bottling and services agreement with Terra will expire on June 30
 2016. We expect to continue
to operate under the terms of the expiring contract as we negotiate a new agreement with Terra. We believe we could obtain alternative
sources of bottling and services if we are unable to renew the existing Terra contract.




an affiliate of Terra
 has a contractual right to act as the sole supplier to us of Celtic Honey. Gaelic Heritage mixes the
ingredients comprising Celtic Honey using a proprietary formula and then Terra bottles it for them in bottles designed for
us. We believe that the necessary ingredients are available to Gaelic Heritage in sufficient supply and that Terra&rsquo;s
bottling capacity is currently adequate to meet our projected supply needs for the foreseeable future. See &ldquo;Strategic
brand-partner relationships.&rdquo;




 as successor
in interest to I.L.A.R. S.p.A.
 an Italian company based in Rome and owned since 1875 by the Pallini family
 produces Pallini Limoncello
Raspicello and Peachcello. Pallini bottles the liqueurs at its plant in Rome and ships them to us under our long-term exclusive
U.S. marketing and distribution agreement. We believe that Pallini has adequate facilities to produce and bottle sufficient Limoncello
Peachcello and Raspicello to meet our projected supply needs  for the foreseeable future. See &ldquo;Strategic brand-partner relationships.&rdquo;




Gozio amaretto. Gozio amaretto is produced by Distillerie Franciacorta
 a spirits company founded in 1901 and owned by the Gozio
family. The company is located in Franciacorta
 in the Italian Region of Lombardy. We believe that Distillerie Franciacorta has
sufficient capacity to meet our projected supply needs  for the foreseeable future for this brand.




&ldquo;Tierras&rdquo; is being produced for us in Mexico by Autentica Tequilera S.A. de C.V. Autentica Tequilera currently sources
organic agave from third-parties
 and together with its affiliates is in the process of cultivating its own supply of organic agave.
Autentica Tequilera distills and bottles the tequila at its facility in the Jalisco region of Mexico. Tierras is available as blanco
reposado and a&ntilde;ejo. The blanco is unaged
 the reposado is aged in oak barrels at the distillery for up to one year
 and
the a&ntilde;ejo is aged in oak barrels at the distillery for at least one year. We believe that
 given the ability of Autentica
Tequilera to purchase organic agave and its anticipated cultivation of organic agave
 Autentica Tequilera has sufficient capacity
to meet our projected supply needs  for the foreseeable future for this brand.




that we have developed with our sales team and our independent distributors and brokers is one of our strengths. We currently have
distribution and brokerage relationships with third-party distributors in all 50 U.S. states
 as well as distribution arrangements
in approximately 20 other countries.



 Importers of
beverage alcohol in the U.S. must sell their products through a three-tier distribution system. Typically
 an imported brand is
first sold to a U.S. importer
 who then sells it to a network of distributors
 or wholesalers
 covering the U.S.
 in either &ldquo;open&rdquo;
states or &ldquo;control&rdquo; states. In the 33 open states
 the distributors are generally large
 privately-held companies.
In the 17 control states
 the states themselves function as the distributor
 and regulate suppliers such as us. The distributors
and wholesalers in turn sell to individual retailers
 such as liquor stores
 restaurants
 bars
 supermarkets and other outlets
licensed to sell beverage alcohol. In larger states such as New York
 more than one distributor may handle a brand in separate
geographical areas. In control states
 importers sell their products directly to state liquor authorities
 which distribute the
products and either operate retail outlets or license the retail sales function to private companies
 while maintaining strict
control over pricing and profit.


dramatically over the last ten years due to merger and acquisition activity. There are currently eight major spirits companies
each of which own and operate their own importing businesses. All companies
 including these large companies
 are required by law
to sell their products through wholesale distributors in the U.S. The major companies are exerting increasing influence over the
regional distributors and as a result
 it has become more difficult for smaller companies to get their products recognized by the
distributors. We believe our established distribution network in all 50 states allows us to overcome a significant barrier to entry
in the U.S. beverage alcohol market and enhances our attractiveness as a strategic partner for smaller companies lacking comparable
distribution.


 our U.S. sales represented
approximately 87.1% of our revenues
 and we expect them to remain relatively consistent as a percentage of our total sales in the
near future. See note 16 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements.

 We currently
hold the federal importer and wholesaler license required by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury
Department
 and the requisite state license in all 50 states and the District of Columbia.


    
    



in large bonded warehouses and shipped nationally by an extensive network of licensed and bonded carriers.


In the U.S.
 we are required by law to use state-licensed distributors or
 in the control states
 state-owned agencies performing
this function
 to sell our brands to retail outlets. As a result
 we depend on distributors for sales
 for product placement and
for retail store penetration. We currently have no distribution agreements or minimum sales requirements with any of our U.S. alcohol
distributors
 and they are under no obligation to place our products or market our brands. All of the distributors also distribute
our competitors&rsquo; products and brands. As a result
 we must foster and maintain our relationships with our distributors. Through
our internal sales team
 we have established relationships for our brands with wholesale distributors in each state
 and our products
are currently sold in the U.S. by approximately 80 wholesale distributors
 as well as by various state beverage alcohol control
agencies.




 most countries
permit sales directly from the brand owner to retail establishments
 including liquor stores
 chain stores
 restaurants and pubs
without requiring that sales go through a wholesaler tier. In our international markets
 we rely primarily on established spirits
distributors in much the same way as we do in the U.S. We have contracted with an international beverage alcohol broker to represent
our brands in approximately twenty international markets. We use Terra and other bonded warehouses and logistic providers to handle
the billing
 inventory and shipping for us for some products in certain of our non-U.S. markets.


 the beverage alcohol industry
has undergone consolidation internationally
 with considerable realignment of brands and brand ownership. The number of major spirits
companies internationally has been reduced significantly due to mergers and brand ownership consolidation. While there are still
a substantial number of companies owning one or more brands
 most business is now done by the eight major companies
 each of which
owns and operates its own distribution company that distributes in the major international markets. These captive distribution
companies focus primarily on the brands of the companies that own them.


route to market in our international operations
 we do not believe that we are at a significant disadvantage
 because the local
importers/distributors typically have established relationships with the retail accounts and are able to provide extensive customer
service
 in store merchandising and on premise promotions. Also
 even though we must compensate our wholesalers and distributors
in each market in which we sell our brands
 we are
 as a result of using these distributors
 still able to benefit from substantially
lower infrastructure costs and centralized billing and collection.


Great Britain
 Northern Ireland
 Germany
 Canada
 Israel
 France
 Finland
 Norway
 Sweden
 Denmark
 China and the Duty Free markets.
We also have sales in other countries in continental Europe
 Latin America
 the Caribbean and Asia. For fiscal 2016
 non-U.S. sales
represented approximately 12.9% of our revenues. See note 16 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements.




 Southern Wine
and Spirits and related entities
 accounted for approximately 31.4% of our consolidated revenues for fiscal 2016.




in the U.S.
 our primary market
 international markets hold potential for future growth and are part of our global strategy.


22 people
 including five regional U.S. vice presidents who have significant industry experience with premium beverage alcohol
brands.


day-to-day management of our distributors
 which includes setting quotas
 coordinating promotional plans for our brands
 maintaining
adequate levels of stock
 brand education and training and sales calls with distributor personnel. Our sales team also maintains
relationships with key retail customers through independent sales calls. They also schedule promotional events
 create local brand
promotion plans
 host in-store tastings where permitted and provide wait staff and bartender training and education for our brands.

Advertising
 marketing and promotion


 we must effectively
communicate with three distinct audiences: our distributors
 the retail trade and the end consumer. Advertising
 marketing and
promotional activities help to establish and reinforce the image of our brands in our efforts to build substantial brand value.
We believe our execution of disciplined and strategic branding and marketing campaigns will continue to drive our future sales.


 in-house marketing
sales and customer service personnel who work together with third party design and advertising firms to maintain a high degree
of focus on each of our product categories and build brand awareness through innovative marketing activities. We use a range of
marketing strategies and tactics to build brand equity and increase sales
 including consumer and trade advertising
 price promotions
point-of-sale materials
 event sponsorship
 in-store and on-premise promotions and public relations
 as well as a variety of other
traditional and non-traditional marketing techniques
 including social media marketing
 to support our brands.


    
    



 we also
employ three other marketing methods to support our brands: public relations
 event sponsorships and tastings. Our significant
U.S. public relations efforts have helped gain editorial coverage for our brands
 which increases brand awareness. Event sponsorship
is an economical way for us to have influential consumers taste our brands. We actively contribute product to trend-setting events
where our brand has exclusivity in the brand category. We also conduct hundreds of in-store and on-premise promotions each year.


with an assortment of point-of-sale materials. The combination of trade and consumer programs
 supported by attractive point-of-sale
materials
 also establishes greater credibility for us with our distributors and retailers.




and established spirits brand owners seeking opportunities to increase their sales beyond their home markets and achieve global
growth. This ability is a key component of our growth strategy and one of our competitive strengths. Our original relationship
with the Boru vodka brand was as its exclusive U.S. distributor. To date
 we have also established strategic relationships for
Goslings rums
 Pallini liqueurs
 Celtic Honey liqueur
 Tierras tequilas and Gozio amaretto
 as described below
 and we intend to
seek to expand our brand portfolio through similar future arrangements.

Gosling-Castle Partners Inc./Goslings rums and ginger
beer


 we entered into an exclusive national
distribution agreement with Gosling&rsquo;s Export for the Goslings rum products. We subsequently purchased a 60% controlling interest
in GCP
 a strategic export venture with the Gosling family. Gosling's Export holds the exclusive distribution
rights for Goslings rum products on a worldwide basis (other than in Bermuda)
 through GCP
 and assigned to
GCP all of Gosling&rsquo;s Export&rsquo;s interest in our January&nbsp;2005 U.S. distribution agreement with them.
The export agreement expires in April 2020
 subject to a 15&nbsp;year extension if certain case sale targets are met. Under the
export agreement
 GCP is generally entitled to a share of the proceeds from the sale
 if ever
 of the ownership
of any of the Gosling&rsquo;s brands to a third-party
 through a sale of the stock of Gosling&rsquo;s Export or its parent
 with the size
of such share depending upon the number of case sales made during the twelve months preceding the sale. Also
 prior to selling
the ownership of any of their brands that are subject to these agreements
 Gosling&rsquo;s Export must first offer such brand to
GCP and then to us. The Goslings
 through Gosling Brothers Limited
 have the right to act as the sole supplier
to GCP for our Goslings rum requirements.




and distribution agreement with Pallini under which we distribute Pallini Limoncello
 Peachcello and Raspicello liqueurs in the
U.S. We began shipping these products in September&nbsp;2005.


31
 2021
 subject to successive five-year renewals unless either party delivers a notice of non-renewal six months prior to the
end of the term. Under the agreement
 if minimum shipment targets are not achieved and not cured
 Pallini has the right to terminate
the agreement without payment of termination fees to us. However
 if such targets are met
 we have the right under the agreement
to receive certain termination payments and other payments upon the non-renewal of the agreement
 certain terminations of the agreement
or the sale of the brand. The exclusive territory under the agreement is the 50 states of the U.S. and the District of Columbia.




 we entered into
an importation and marketing agreement with Autentica Tequilera S.A. de C.V.
 under which we became the exclusive U.S. importer
of Tierras. In February 2013
 the agreement renewed for an additional five years in accordance with its terms. During the term
we have the right to purchase tequila at stipulated prices. Autentica Tequilera must maintain certain standards for its products
and we have input into the product and packaging. We are required to prepare periodic reports detailing the development of the
brand&rsquo;s sales. Under this agreement
 we have rights of first refusal for any new market for Tierras (except Mexico)
 and
any new Autentica Tequilera products in any market (except Mexico). We also have a right of first refusal on any sale of the Tierras
brand
 and a right to acquire up to 35% of the economic benefit of any such sale with a third-party based upon the achievement
of certain cumulative sales targets.




 we entered into an
exclusive distribution agreement with Distillerie Franciacorta S.p.A. under which we are the exclusive distributor of Gozio
amaretto in the U.S. The agreement has a five-year term
 with automatic five-year renewals unless either party delivers a
notice of non-renewal six months prior to the end of the term. During the term
 we have the right to purchase Gozio amaretto at
stipulated prices and Distillerie Franciacorta Spa must maintain certain standards for its products. We are required to
prepare periodic reports detailing the development of the brand&rsquo;s sales and prepare annual strategic marketing and
growth plans.




business. We sell our products under a number of trademarks
 which we own or use under license. Our brands are protected by trademark
registrations or are the subject of pending applications for trademark registration in the U.S.
 the European Community and most
other countries where we distribute
 or plan to distribute
 our brands. The trademarks may be registered in the names of our subsidiaries
and related companies. Generally
 the term of a trademark registration varies from country to country
 and
 in the U.S.
 trademark
registrations need to be renewed every ten years. We expect to register our trademarks in additional markets as we expand our distribution
territories.


    
    



for brands owned by third parties
 such as the Goslings rums
 the Pallini liqueurs
 Tierras tequilas and Gozio amaretto. The Goslings
rum brands
 Pallini liqueurs and Gozio amaretto are registered by their respective owners and we have the exclusive right to distribute
the Goslings rums on a worldwide basis (other than in Bermuda) and the Pallini liqueur brands and Gozio amaretto in the U.S. Goslings
also has a trademark for their signature rum cocktail
 Dark &lsquo;n Stormy. Autentica Tequiliera holds the registered U.S. trademark
for Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco and its distinctive label. See &ldquo;Strategic brand-partner relationships.&rdquo;




with seasonal holiday buying generally generating peak retail sales in the fourth calendar quarter (our third fiscal quarter).
Historically
 this holiday demand typically resulted in slightly higher sales for us in our third and/or fourth fiscal quarters.




competitive. We believe that we compete on the basis of quality
 price
 brand recognition and distribution strength. Our premium
brands compete with other alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages for consumer purchases
 retail shelf space
 restaurant presence
and wholesaler attention. We compete with numerous multinational producers and distributors of beverage alcohol products
 many
of which have greater resources than us.


 the U.S. wine
and spirits industry has undergone dramatic consolidation and realignment of brands and brand ownership. The number of major importers
in the U.S. has declined significantly. Today there are eight major companies: Diageo PLC
 Pernod Ricard S.A.
 Bacardi Limited
Brown-Forman Corporation
 Beam Suntory Inc.
 Davide Campari Milano-S.p.A.
 Remy Cointreau S.A. and LVMH Mo&euml;t Hennessy Louis
Vuitton S.A.


position to partner with small to mid-size brands than the major importers. Despite our relative capital position and resources
we have been able to compete with these larger companies in pursuing agency distribution agreements and acquiring brands by being
more responsive to private and family-owned brands
 offering flexible transaction structures and providing brand owners the option
to retain local production and &ldquo;home&rdquo; market sales. Given our size relative to our major competitors
 most of which
have multi-billion dollar operations
 we believe that we can provide greater focus on smaller brands and tailor transaction structures
based on individual brand owner preferences. However
 our relative capital position and resources may limit our marketing capabilities
limit our ability to expand into new markets and limit our negotiating ability with our distributors.


segments of the market
 which typically have higher margins
 and having an established
 experienced sales force
 we believe we
are able to gain relatively significant attention from our distributors for a company of our size. Our U.S. regional vice presidents
provide long-standing relationships with distributor personnel and with their major customers. Finally
 the continued consolidation
among the major companies is expected to create an opportunity for small to mid-size wine and spirits companies
 such as ourselves
as the major companies contract their portfolios to focus on fewer brands.




Federal Alcohol Administration Act
 U.S. Customs Laws
 Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 and the Alcoholic Beverage Control Laws of
all fifty states.


and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau regulates the production
 blending
 bottling
 sales and advertising and transportation of alcohol
products. Also
 each state regulates the advertising
 promotion
 transportation
 sale and distribution of alcohol products within
its jurisdiction. We are also required to conduct business in the U.S. only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
distribute and sell spirits.


 we are subject to similar regulations
related to the production of spirits.


on the advertising
 marketing and sale of beverage alcohol. These regulations range from a complete prohibition of the marketing
of alcohol in some countries to restrictions on the advertising style
 media and messages used.


many markets
 varying from health warning labels to importer identification
 alcohol strength and other consumer information. All
beverage alcohol products sold in the U.S. must include warning statements related to risks of drinking beverage alcohol products.


requirements regarding minimum aging of spirits.


 the state liquor
commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for sale in their respective
states. Products are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally made available to new products
only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Consumers may purchase products not selected for listings only through special
orders
 if at all.


    
    



is also subject to extensive federal and state taxation in the U.S. and internationally. Most foreign countries in which we do
business impose excise duties on wines and distilled spirits
 although the form of such taxation varies from a simple application
on units of alcohol by volume to intricate systems based on the imported or wholesale value of the product. Several countries impose
additional import duty on distilled spirits
 often discriminating between categories in the rate of such tariffs. Import and excise
duties may have a significant effect on our sales
 both through reducing the consumption of alcohol and through encouraging consumer
switching into lower-taxed categories of alcohol.


with applicable federal
 state and other regulations. However
 we operate in a highly regulated industry which may be subject to
more stringent interpretations of existing regulations. Future compliance costs due to regulatory changes could be significant.


produced primarily outside the U.S.
 adverse effects of regulatory changes are more likely to materially affect earnings and our
competitive market position rather than capital expenditures. Capital expenditures in our industry are normally associated with
either production facilities or brand acquisition costs. Because we are not a U.S. producer
 changes in regulations affecting production
facility operations may indirectly affect the costs of the brands we purchase for resale
 but we would not anticipate any resulting
material adverse impact upon our capital expenditures.


brands dominate our industry. The adoption of more restrictive marketing and sales regulations or increased excise taxes and customs
duties could materially adversely affect our earnings and competitive industry position. Large international conglomerates have
greater financial resources than we do and would be better able to absorb increased compliance costs.




 2016
 we had 51 full-time
employees
 33 of which were in sales and marketing and 18 of which were in management
 finance and administration. We had 51 full-time
employees as of March 31
 2015. As of March 31
 2016
 48 of our employees were located in the U.S. and three were located in Ireland.




beverage alcohol. Our product categories are rum and related products
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka and tequila. We report our operations
in two geographical areas: International and U.S. See note 16 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements.




 which was
incorporated in 2009. We are the successor to a Delaware corporation
 which was incorporated in Delaware in 2003.




 including our annual
reports on Form 10-K
 our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 our current reports on Form 8-K
 our proxy statements and reports filed
by our officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and any amendments to those filings
 are available
 free
of charge
 on our investor website
 
 as soon as reasonably practicable after we or
our officers and directors electronically file or furnish such material with the SEC. You may also find our code of business conduct
nominating and corporate governance committee charter and audit committee charter on our website. We do not intend for information
contained in our website
 or those of our subsidiaries
 to be a part of this annual report on Form 10-K. Shareholders may request
paper copies of these filings and corporate governance documents
 without charge
 by written request to Castle Brands Inc.
 122
East 42nd St.
 Suite&nbsp;5000
 New York
 NY 10168
 Attn: Investor Relations.&nbsp;


 you may read and copy any materials
we file with the SEC at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE.
 Washington
 DC 20549
 on official business
days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 proxy and information
statements
 and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.





We have never been profitable
 and believe we will continue
to incur net losses for the foreseeable future.


inception
 including a net loss of $2.5&nbsp;million for fiscal 2016
 and had an accumulated loss of $145.9 million as of
March 31
 2016. We believe that we will continue to incur consolidated net losses as we expect to make continued significant
investment in product development and sales and marketing and to incur significant administrative expenses as we seek to grow
our brands. In addition
 GCP
 in which we hold a 60% controlling interest
 is a profitable entity that does not file
consolidated tax returns with us and is subject to U.S. federal and state income tax
 increasing our consolidated net loss.
We also anticipate that our cash needs will exceed our income from sales for the near future. Some of our products may never
achieve widespread market acceptance and may not generate sales and profits to justify our investment. Also
 we may find that
our expansion plans are more costly than we anticipate and that they do not ultimately result in commensurate increases in
our sales
 which would further increase our losses. We expect we will continue to experience losses and negative cash flow
from operations
 some of which could be significant. Results of operations will depend upon numerous factors
 some of which
are beyond our control
 including market acceptance of our products
 new product introductions and competition. We incur
substantial operating expenses at the corporate level
 including costs directly related to being an SEC reporting
company.


    
    


Recent worldwide and domestic economic trends and financial
market conditions could adversely impact our financial performance.


experienced adverse conditions and may be subject to further deterioration for the foreseeable future. We are subject to risks
associated with these adverse conditions
 including economic slowdown and the disruption
 volatility and tightening of credit and
capital markets.


impact our major suppliers
 distributors and retailers. The inability of suppliers
 distributors or retailers to conduct business
or to access liquidity could impact our ability to distribute our products.


will improve in the near future. A prolonged downturn
 further worsening or broadening of the adverse conditions in the worldwide
and domestic economies could affect consumer spending patterns and purchases of our products
 and create or exacerbate credit issues
cash flow issues and other financial hardships for us and for our suppliers
 distributors
 retailers and consumers. Depending upon
their severity and duration
 these conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business
 liquidity
 financial condition
and results of operations.

We may require additional capital
 which we may not be able
to obtain on acceptable terms
 or at all. Our inability to raise such capital
 as needed
 on beneficial terms or at all could restrict
our future growth and severely limit our operations.


companies in our industry. This may limit our operations and growth
 including our ability to continue to develop existing brands
service our debt obligations
 maintain adequate inventory levels
 fund potential acquisitions of new brands
 penetrate new markets
attract new customers and enter into new distribution relationships. If we have not generated sufficient cash from operations to
finance additional capital needs
 we will need to raise additional funds through private or public equity and/or debt financing.
We cannot assure you that
 if and when needed
 additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If additional
capital is needed and either unavailable or cost prohibitive
 our operations and growth may be limited as we may need to change
our business strategy to slow the rate of
 or eliminate
 our expansion or reduce or curtail our operations. Also
 any additional
financing we undertake could impose covenants upon us that restrict our operating flexibility
 and
 if we issue equity securities
to raise capital our existing shareholders may experience dilution and the new securities may have rights
 preferences and privileges
senior to those of our common stock.

If our brands do not achieve more widespread consumer acceptance
our growth may be limited.


cycle and have not achieved extensive brand recognition. Also
 brands we may acquire in the future are unlikely to have established
extensive brand recognition. Accordingly
 if consumers do not accept our brands
 we will not be able to penetrate our markets and
our growth may be limited.

We depend on a limited number of suppliers. Failure to obtain
satisfactory performance from our suppliers or loss of our existing suppliers could cause us to lose sales
 incur additional costs
and lose credibility in the marketplace. We also have annual purchase obligations with certain suppliers.


suppliers for the sourcing of all of our products
 including both our own proprietary brands and those we distribute for others.
These suppliers consist of third-party distillers
 bottlers and producers in the U.S.
 Bermuda
 the Caribbean
 Australia and Europe.
We rely on the owners of Goslings rum
 Pallini liqueurs
 Gozio amaretto and Tierras tequila to produce their brands for us. For
our proprietary products
 we may rely on a single supplier to fulfill one or all of the manufacturing functions for a brand. For
instance
 IDL is the sole provider of our single malt
 blended and grain Irish whiskeys. We do not have long-term written agreements
with all of our suppliers. We do not currently have a long-term source for supply of aged rye and there can be no assurance we
can source adequate amounts of aged bourbon or rye at satisfactory prices
 or at all. Also
 if we fail to complete purchases of
products ordered annually
 certain suppliers have the right to bill us for product not purchased during the period. The termination
of our written or oral agreements or an adverse change in the terms of these agreements could have a negative impact on our business.
If our suppliers increase their prices
 we may not have alternative sources of supply and may not be able to raise the prices of
our products to cover all or even a portion of the increased costs. Also
 our suppliers&rsquo; failure to perform satisfactorily
or handle increased orders
 delays in shipments of products from suppliers or the loss of our existing suppliers
 especially our
key suppliers
 could cause us to fail to meet orders for our products
 lose sales
 incur additional costs and/or expose us to product
quality issues. In turn
 this could cause us to lose credibility in the marketplace and damage our relationships with distributors
ultimately leading to a decline in our business and results of operations. If we are not able to renegotiate these contracts on
acceptable terms or find suitable alternatives
 our business could be negatively impacted.


    
    


We depend on our independent wholesale distributors to distribute
our products. The failure or inability of even a few of our distributors to adequately distribute our products within their territories
could harm our sales and result in a decline in our results of operations.


state licensed distributors or
 in 17 states known as &ldquo;control states
&rdquo; state-owned agencies performing this
function
 to sell our products to retail outlets
 including liquor stores
 bars
 restaurants and national chains in the U.S.
We have established relationships for our brands with wholesale distributors in each state; however
 failure to maintain
those relationships could significantly and adversely affect our business
 sales and growth. Over the past decade there has
been increasing consolidation
 both intrastate and interstate
 among distributors. As a result
 many states now have only two
or three significant distributors. Also
 there are several distributors that now control distribution for several states.
For the fiscal year ended March 31
 2016
 sales to one distributor accounted for 31.4% of revenues. For the fiscal year ended
March 31
 2015
 sales to this same distributor accounted for 29.7% of revenues. As a result
 if we fail to maintain
good relations with a distributor
 our products could in some instances be frozen out of one or more markets entirely.
The ultimate success of our products also depends in large part on our distributors&rsquo; ability and desire to distribute
our products to our desired U.S. target markets
 as we rely significantly on them for product placement and retail
store penetration. We have no formal distribution agreements or minimum sales requirements with any of our distributors and
they are under no obligation to place our products or market our brands. Moreover
 all of them also distribute competitive
brands and product lines. We cannot assure you that our U.S. alcohol distributors will continue to purchase our products
commit sufficient time and resources to promote and market our brands and product lines or that they can or will sell them to
our desired or targeted markets. If they do not
 our sales will be harmed
 resulting in a decline in our results
of operations.


do not require the use of independent distributors by law
 we have chosen to conduct our sales through distributors in all of our
markets and
 accordingly
 we face similar risks to those set forth above with respect to our international distribution. Some of
these international markets may have only a limited number of viable distributors.

If we are unable to identify and successfully acquire additional
brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio
 our growth could be limited
 and
 even if additional brands are acquired
we may not realize planned benefits due to integration difficulties or other operating issues.


acquisition of additional brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio through acquisitions of such brands or their
corporate owners
 directly or through mergers
 joint ventures
 long-term exclusive distribution arrangements and/or other strategic
relationships. If we are unable to identify suitable brand candidates and successfully execute our acquisition strategy
 our growth
could be limited. Also
 even if we are successful in acquiring additional brands
 we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability
levels that justify our investment in
 or realize operating and economic efficiencies or other planned benefits with respect to
those additional brands. The addition of new products or businesses entails numerous risks with respect to integration and other
operating issues
 any of which could have a detrimental effect on our results of operations and/or the value of our equity. These
risks include:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers
 distributors and retail customers;

    
    
    

    
    
    



 there are special risks associated
with the acquisition of additional brands through joint venture arrangements. We may not have a majority interest in
 or control
of
 future joint ventures in which we may enter. There is
 therefore
 risk that our joint venture partners may at any time have
economic
 business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our interests or goals or those of the joint venture.
There is also risk that our current or future joint venture partners may be unable to meet their economic or other obligations
and that we may be required to fulfill those obligations alone.


of additional brands will also be dependent upon the availability of capital to complete the necessary acquisition arrangements.
We intend to finance our brand acquisitions through a combination of our available cash resources
 third -party financing and
in appropriate circumstances
 the further issuance of equity and/or debt securities; however
 our ability to finance such acquisitions
may be limited by the terms of our other equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring additional brands could have a significant effect
on our financial position
 and could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating results. Also
 acquisitions
could result in the recording of significant goodwill and intangible assets on our financial statements
 the amortization or impairment
of which would reduce reported earnings in subsequent years.

Currency exchange rate fluctuations and devaluations may
have a significant adverse effect on our revenues
 sales
 costs of goods and overall financial results.


 non-U.S. operations accounted
for approximately 12.9% of our revenues. Therefore
 gains and losses on the conversion of foreign payments into U.S. dollars could
cause fluctuations in our results of operations
 and fluctuating exchange rates could cause reduced revenues and/or gross margins
from non-U.S. dollar-denominated international sales and inventory purchases. Also
 for fiscal 2016
 Euro denominated sales accounted
for approximately 8.0% of our total revenue
 so a substantial change in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and the Euro
could have a significant adverse effect on our financial results. Our ability to acquire spirits and produce and sell our products
at favorable prices will also depend in part on the relative strength of the U.S. dollar. We do not currently hedge against these
risks.


    
    


We must maintain a relatively large inventory of our products
to support customer delivery requirements
 and if this inventory is lost due to theft
 fire or other damage or becomes obsolete
our results of operations would be negatively impacted.


to meet customer delivery requirements for our products. We are always at risk of loss of that inventory due to theft
 fire or
other damage
 and any such loss
 whether insured against or not
 could cause us to fail to meet our orders and harm our sales and
operating results. Also
 our inventory may become obsolete as we introduce new products
 cease to produce old products or modify
the design of our products&rsquo; packaging
 which would increase our operating losses and negatively impact our results of operations.

Either our or our strategic partners&rsquo; failure to protect
our respective intellectual property rights could compromise our competitive position and decrease the value of our brand portfolio.


on our
 and with respect to our agency or joint venture brands
 our strategic partners&rsquo;
 ability to develop favorable consumer
recognition of our brands and trademarks. Although both we and our strategic partners actively apply for intellectual property
registrations of our brands and trademarks
 they could be imitated in ways that we cannot prevent. Also
 we rely on trade secrets
and proprietary know-how
 concepts and formulas. We cannot be certain that the steps taken to protect these intellectual property
rights will be sufficient to protect these rights. Our business could be adversely affected by the material infringement of such
intellectual property rights. We are also subject to risks and costs associated with the enforcement of our and our partners&rsquo;
intellectual property rights. Moreover
 we may face claims of misappropriation or infringement of third parties&rsquo; rights that
could interfere with our use of this information. Defending these claims may be costly and
 if unsuccessful
 may prevent us from
continuing to use this proprietary information in the future and result in a judgment or monetary damages being levied against
us. We do not maintain non-competition agreements with all of our key personnel or with some of our key suppliers. If competitors
independently develop or otherwise obtain access to our or our strategic partners&rsquo; trade secrets
 proprietary know-how or
recipes
 the appeal
 and thus the value
 of our brand portfolio could be reduced
 negatively impacting our financial results and
ability to develop our business.

A failure of one or more of our key information technology
systems
 networks
 processes
 associated sites or service providers
 including as a result of evolving cyber security and other
technological risks
 could have a material adverse impact on our business.


systems
 networks
 and services
 including internet sites
 data hosting and processing facilities and tools
 hardware (including
laptops and mobile devices)
 software and technical applications and platforms
 some of which are managed
 hosted
 provided and/or
used by third-parties or their vendors
 to assist us in the management of our business. The various uses of these IT systems
 networks
and services include
 but are not limited to: hosting our internal network and communication systems; ordering and managing materials
from suppliers; supply/demand planning; production; shipping product to customers; hosting our branded websites and marketing products
to consumers; collecting and storing customer
 consumer
 employee
 investor
 and other data; processing transactions; summarizing
and reporting results of operations; hosting
 processing
 and sharing confidential and proprietary research
 business plans
 and
financial information; complying with regulatory
 legal or tax requirements; providing data security; and handling other processes
necessary to manage our business.


sophisticated cyber crime pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems
 networks
 and services
 as well as the confidentiality
availability
 and integrity of our data. If the IT systems
 networks
 or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly
or if we suffer a loss or disclosure of business or other sensitive information
 due to any number of causes
 ranging from catastrophic
events to power outages to security breaches
 and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a
timely basis
 we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations and reputational
 competitive and/or business harm
which may adversely affect our business operations and/or financial condition. In addition
 such events could result in unauthorized
disclosure of material confidential information
 and we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated
confidential information belonging to us or to our partners
 our employees
 customers
 suppliers or consumers. In any of these
events
 we could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security
breach or to repair or replace networks and IT systems. The trend toward public notifications of such incidents could exacerbate
the harm to our business operations or financial condition.

Our failure to attract or retain key executive or employee
talent could adversely affect our business.


abilities of our senior management team
 other key employees
 and a high-quality employee base
 as well as our ability to attract
motivate
 reward
 and retain them. We do not maintain and do not intend to obtain key man insurance on the life of any executive
or employee. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key executive or employee talent
 or the unexpected loss of experienced employees
could have an adverse impact on our business performance. In addition
 we could experience business disruption and/or increased
costs related to organizational changes
 reductions in workforce
 or other cost-cutting measures.

The sales of our products could decrease significantly if
we cannot maintain listings in the control states.


 the state liquor
commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for sale in their respective
states. Products selected for listing must generally reach certain volumes and/or profit levels to maintain their listings. Products
are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally made available to new products only at periodically
scheduled listing interviews. Products not selected for listings can only be purchased by consumers in the applicable control state
through special orders
 if at all. If
 in the future
 we are unable to maintain our current listings in the control states
 or
secure and maintain listings in those states for any additional products we may acquire
 sales of our products could decrease significantly.


    
    


An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other
acquired intangible assets could negatively affect our operating results and shareholders&rsquo; equity.


the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date
 net of any cumulative
impairments. The carrying value of other intangible assets represents the fair value of trademarks
 trade names and other acquired
intangible assets as of the acquisition date
 net of impairments and accumulated amortization. Goodwill and other acquired intangible
assets expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized
 but must be evaluated for impairment by our management
at least annually. If carrying value exceeds current fair value as determined based on the discounted future cash flows of the
related business
 the intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. If
the value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets is impaired
 our earnings and shareholders&rsquo; equity could be adversely
affected.



Demand for our products may be adversely affected by many
factors
 including changes in consumer preferences and trends.


variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends
 public health initiatives
 product innovations
 changes
in vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
 which may reduce consumers&rsquo; willingness to
purchase distilled spirits or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward beer
 wine or non-alcoholic beverages. Our success depends
in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful
new products and product innovations. The competitive position of our brands could also be affected adversely by any failure to
achieve consistent
 reliable quality in the product or in service levels to customers.

Our business performance is substantially dependent upon
the continued growth of rum and whiskey sales.


on rum and whiskey sales
 which represented approximately 62.1% and 62.9% of our revenues for fiscal 2016 and 2015
 respectively.
Changes in consumer preferences regarding these categories of beverage alcohol products may have an adverse effect on our sales
and financial condition. Given the importance of our rum and whiskey brands to our overall Company success
 a significant or sustained
decline in volume or selling price of these products would likely have a negative effect on our growth and our stock price. Additionally
should we not be successful in our efforts to maintain and increase the relevance of the brands in the minds of today&rsquo;s and
tomorrow&rsquo;s consumer
 our business and operating results could suffer.

We face substantial competition in our industry and many
factors may prevent us from competing successfully.


and quality
 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences. The global spirits industry
is highly competitive and is dominated by several large
 well-funded international companies. It is possible that our competitors
may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively or resort to price competition to sustain
market share
 which could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

Adverse public opinion about alcohol could reduce demand
for our products.


 in the past
advocated successfully for more stringent labeling requirements
 higher taxes and other regulations designed to discourage alcohol
consumption. More restrictive regulations
 negative publicity regarding alcohol consumption and/or changes in consumer perceptions
of the relative healthfulness or safety of beverage alcohol could decrease sales and consumption of alcohol and thus the demand
for our products. This could
 in turn
 significantly decrease both our revenues and our revenue growth
 causing a decline in our
results of operations.

Class action or other litigation relating to alcohol abuse
or the misuse of alcohol could adversely affect our business.

Companies
in the beverage alcohol industry are
 from time to time
 exposed to class action or other litigation relating to alcohol advertising
product liability
It
is also possible that governments could assert that the use of alcohol has significantly increased government funded health care
costs. Litigation or assertions of this type have adversely affected companies in the tobacco industry
 and it is possible that
we
 as well as our suppliers
 could be named in litigation of this type.


 lawsuits have been brought in a number
of states alleging that beverage alcohol manufacturers and marketers have improperly targeted underage consumers in their advertising.
Plaintiffs in these cases allege that the defendants&rsquo; advertisements
 marketing and promotions violate the consumer protection
or deceptive trade practices statutes in each of these states and seek repayment of the family funds expended by the underage consumers.
While we have not been named in these lawsuits
 we could be named in similar lawsuits in the future. Any class action or other
litigation asserted against us could be expensive and time-consuming to defend against
 depleting our cash and diverting our personnel
resources and
 if the plaintiffs in such actions were to prevail
 our business could be harmed significantly.


    
    


Regulatory decisions and legal
 regulatory and tax changes
could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs and reduce our margins.


in all of the countries in which we operate. This may include regulations regarding production
 distribution
 marketing
 advertising
and labeling of beverage alcohol products. We are required to comply with these regulations and to maintain various permits and
licenses. We are also required to conduct business only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
 distribute and
sell beverage alcohol products. We cannot assure you that these and other governmental regulations applicable to our industry will
not change or become more stringent. Moreover
 because these laws and regulations are subject to interpretation
 we may not be
able to predict when and to what extent liability may arise. Additionally
 due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related
societal problems
 including driving while intoxicated
 underage drinking
 alcoholism and health consequences from the abuse of
alcohol
 various levels of government may seek to impose additional restrictions or limits on advertising or other marketing activities
promoting beverage alcohol products. Failure to comply with any of the current or future regulations and requirements relating
to our industry and products could result in monetary penalties
 suspension or even revocation of our licenses and permits. Costs
of compliance with changes in regulations could be significant and could harm our business
 as we could find it necessary to raise
our prices in order to maintain profit margins
 which could lower the demand for our products and reduce our sales and profit potential.


 the distribution of beverage alcohol
products is subject to extensive taxation both in the U.S. and internationally (and
 in the U.S.
 at both the federal and state
government levels)
 and beverage alcohol products themselves are the subject of national import and excise duties in most countries
around the world. An increase in taxation or in import or excise duties could also significantly harm our sales revenue and margins
both through the reduction of overall consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories of beverage
alcohol.

We could face product liability or other related liabilities
that increase our costs of operations and harm our reputation.


and will attempt to limit contractually our liability for damages arising from our products
 these measures may not be sufficient
for us to successfully avoid or limit liability. Our product liability insurance coverage is limited to $1.0&nbsp;million per occurrence
and $2.0&nbsp;million in the aggregate and our general liability umbrella policy is capped at $10.0&nbsp;million. Further
 any
contractual indemnification and insurance coverage we have from parties supplying our products is limited
 as a practical matter
to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insured limits of any insurance provided by these suppliers. In any event
extensive product liability claims could be costly to defend and/or costly to resolve and could harm our reputation.

Contamination of our products and/or counterfeit or confusingly
similar products could harm the image and integrity of
 or decrease customer support for
 our brands and decrease our sales.


the positive image that consumers have of them. Contamination
 whether arising accidentally or through deliberate third-party action
or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands
 could affect the demand for our products. Contaminants
in raw materials purchased from third parties and used in the production of our products or defects in the distillation
 fermentation
or bottling processes could lead to low beverage quality as well as illness among
 or injury to
 consumers of our products and
could result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all of our brands. We may also be required to recall products in the event
of contamination or damage. Also
 to the extent that third parties sell products that are either counterfeit versions of our brands
or brands that look like our brands
 consumers of our brands could confuse our products with products that they consider inferior.
This could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands in the future and in turn could impair our brand equity and adversely
affect our sales and operations.



We may not be able to maintain our listing on the NYSE MKT
which may limit the ability of our shareholders to sell their common stock.


listing criteria
 we may be delisted and trading of our common stock could be conducted in the OTC Bulletin Board or the interdealer
quotation systems of the OTC Markets Group Inc. In such case
 a shareholder likely would find it more difficult to trade our common
stock or to obtain accurate market quotations for it. If our common stock is delisted
 it will become subject to the Securities
and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock rules
&rdquo; which impose sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that
sell that common stock to persons other than established customers and &ldquo;accredited investors.&rdquo; Application of this
rule could make broker-dealers unable or unwilling to sell our common stock and limit the ability of shareholders to sell their
common stock in the secondary market.

Our executive officers
 directors and principal shareholders
own a substantial percentage of our voting stock
 which allows them to significantly influence matters requiring shareholder approval.
They could make business decisions for us that cause our stock price to decline.


 2016
 our executive officers
directors and principal shareholders beneficially owned approximately 41% of our common stock
 including options that are exercisable
within 60&nbsp;days of the date of this annual report and assuming full exercise of such options and conversion of our 5% October
2013 Convertible notes held by such persons. As a result
 if they act in concert
 they could significantly influence matters requiring
approval by our shareholders
 including the election of directors
 and could have the ability to prevent or cause a corporate transaction
even if other shareholders oppose such action. This concentration of voting power could also have the effect of delaying
 deterring
or preventing a change of control or other business combination
 which could cause our stock price to decline.


    
    


Provisions in our articles of incorporation
 our bylaws and
Florida law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us
 discourage a takeover and adversely affect existing shareholders.


 our bylaws
and the Florida Business Corporation Act contain provisions that may have the effect of making more difficult
 delaying
 or deterring
attempts by others to obtain control of our company
 even when these attempts may be in the best interests of our shareholders.
These include provisions limiting the shareholders&rsquo; powers to remove directors. Our articles of incorporation also authorize
our board of directors
 without shareholder approval
 to issue one or more series of preferred stock
 which could have voting and
conversion rights that adversely affect or dilute the voting power of the holders of our common stock. Florida law also imposes
conditions on certain &quot;affiliated transactions&rdquo; with &ldquo;interested shareholders.&rdquo;


be adopted in the future could deter unsolicited takeovers or delay or prevent changes in our control or management
 including
transactions in which shareholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. These provisions
may also limit the ability of shareholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests.

Negative publicity could affect our stock price and business
performance.


company
 brands
 marketing
 personnel
 operations
 business performance
 or prospects could negatively affect our corporate reputation
stock price
 ability to attract high quality talent
 and/or the performance of our business
 regardless of its accuracy or inaccuracy.
Adverse publicity or negative commentary on social media outlets could cause consumers to avoid our brands and/or choose brands
offered by our competitors
 which could negatively affect our financial results.








York
 NY
 where we lease approximately 5
000 square feet of office space under a lease that expires in February 2020. We also lease
approximately 750 square feet of office space in Dublin
 Ireland under a lease that expires in October&nbsp;2016 and approximately
1
700 square feet of office space in Houston
 TX under a lease that expires in June 2018.




wholly-owned subsidiaries is currently subject to litigation which
 in the opinion of our management
 is likely to have a material
adverse effect on us.


 however
 become involved in litigation
from time to time relating to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. These claims
 even if not meritorious
 could
result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources.







Item&nbsp;5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




under the symbol &ldquo;ROX.&rdquo; The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices for our common stock for the periods
specified.



    
    
    


 2015)
    
    

    
 2015)
    
    

    
 2015)
    
    

    
 2016)
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
 2014)
    
    

    
 2014)
    
    

    
 2014)
    
    

    
 2015)
    
    





 2016
 there were approximately
190 record holders of our common stock.


    
    





in fiscal 2016 or 2015 and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends with respect to our common stock in the foreseeable future.
We currently intend to retain any earnings for use in the operation of our business and to fund future growth. Any future determination
to pay cash dividends will be at our board&rsquo;s discretion and will depend upon our financial condition
 operating results
capital requirements and such other factors as our board deems relevant. Further
 our ability to declare and pay cash dividends
is restricted by certain covenants in our loan agreements.




at March 31
 2016 regarding compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance.



    
 options


 options
&nbsp;warrants

    

    
13
508
086
    
4
767
000

    
    
    
    

    
13
508
086
    
4
767
000





is derived from our audited consolidated financial statements. You should read this selected financial data together with Item
7
 &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; and the consolidated
financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K:



    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 except per share data):
    
    
    
    
    


 net (1)
72
220
57
457
48
140
41
443
35
495

    
28
554
21
573
17
604
14
320
12
525

    
19
223
15
255
12
530
11
265
10
502

    
1
006
(1
078
(1
320
(4
402
(3
877

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(2
195
(3
170
(5
259
(5
218

    
    
    
(5
392
    
    

    
    
(2
195
(8
562
(4
957
(5
108

    
(1
451
(1
279
    
    
    

    
(1
707
(3
474
(7
972
(4
839
(4
960

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(2
517
(3
800
(8
907
(5
449
(5
232

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(2
517
(3
800
(9
292
(6
193
(5
947

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
159
380
155
456
116
511
108
509
107
636



Sales
 net include excise taxes of $7
452
 $6
754
 $6
421
 $5
964 and $5
461
 respectively.


Operating loss for the year ended March 31
 2013 includes a $1
716 loss on wine assets.


Consists of federal
 state and local taxes attributable
to GCP




Per share computations were positively impacted by the increase in shares outstanding in each of
the above years.


    
    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
431
1
192
    
    
    

    
29
365
25
660
19
068
13
948
11
594

    
50
292
44
039
36
522
33
117
31
355

    
13
975
12
789
7
575
9
298
4
061

    
26
540
22
944
16
586
20
207
13
772

    
20
400
18
551
17
717
11
628
16
910


Item&nbsp;7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations




Brands into a profitable international spirits company
 with a distinctive portfolio of premium and super premium spirits brands.
To achieve this
 we continue to seek to:



    
    
 We continue to focus our distribution efforts
 sales expertise and targeted marketing activities on our more profitable brands and markets;

    
    
 We believe that continued organic growth will enable us to achieve long-term profitability. We focus on brands that have profitable growth potential and staying power
 such as our rums and whiskies
 sales of which have grown substantially in recent years;

    
    
 We use our existing assets
 expertise and resources to build consumer awareness and market penetration for our brands;

    
    
    

    
    
 We intend to continue to introduce new brand extensions and expressions. For example
 we have leveraged our successful Jefferson&rsquo;s portfolio by introducing a number of brand extensions. We continue to explore strategic relationships
 joint ventures and acquisitions to selectively expand our premium spirits portfolio. We expect that future acquisitions or agency relations
 if any
 would involve some combination of cash
 debt and the issuance of our stock.





our products to our network of wholesale distributors or
 in control states
 state-operated agencies
 which
 in turn
 distribute
our products to retail outlets. In the U.S.
 our sales price per case includes excise tax and import duties
 which are also reflected
as a corresponding increase in our cost of sales. Most of our international sales are sold &ldquo;in bond&rdquo;
 with the excise
taxes paid by our customers upon shipment
 thereby resulting in lower relative revenue as well as a lower relative cost of sales
although some of our United Kingdom sales are sold &ldquo;tax paid&rdquo;
 as in the U.S. The difference between sales and net
sales principally reflects adjustments for various distributor incentives.


at which we sell our products
 our ability to control our cost of sales
 the relative mix of our case sales by brand and geography
and the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. Our cost of sales is principally driven by our cost of procurement
 bottling and
packaging
 which differs by brand
 as well as freight and warehousing costs. We purchase certain products
 such as Goslings rums
and ginger beer
 Pallini liqueurs
 Gozio amaretto and Tierras tequila
 as finished goods. For other products
 such as Jefferson&rsquo;s
bourbons
 we purchase the components
 including the distilled spirits
 bottles and packaging materials
 and have arrangements with
third parties for bottling and packaging. Our U.S. sales typically have a higher absolute gross margin than in other markets
 as
sales prices per case are generally higher in the U.S.


and marketing expenditures and compensation paid to our marketing and sales personnel. Our selling expense
 as a percentage of
sales and per case
 is higher than that of our competitors because of our brand development costs
 level of marketing expenditures
and established sales force versus our relatively small base of case sales and sales volumes. However
 we believe that maintaining
an infrastructure capable of supporting future growth is the correct long-term approach for us.


selling expense to increase in the coming years
 we expect selling expense as a percentage of revenues and on a per case
basis to decline or remain constant
 as our volumes expand and our sales team sells a larger number of brands.


relates to corporate and administrative functions that support our operations and includes administrative payroll
 occupancy
and related expenses and professional services. We expect general and administrative expense in fiscal 2017 to be higher than
fiscal 2016 due to costs associated with increased infrastructure to support our growth. However
we expect our general and administrative expense as a percentage of sales to decline due to economies of scale.


    
    



the U.S. and internationally over the next several years through organic growth
 and through the introduction of product line extensions
acquisitions and distribution agreements. We will seek to maintain liquidity and manage our working capital and overall capital
resources during this period of anticipated growth to achieve our long-term objectives
 although there is no assurance that we
will be able to do so.


trends will create growth opportunities for us
 including:



    
    
    

    
    
increased barriers to entry
 particularly in the U.S.
 due to continued consolidation and the difficulty in establishing an extensive distribution network
 such as the one we maintain; and

    
    
the trend by small private and family-owned spirits brand owners to partner with
 or be acquired by
 a company with global distribution. We expect to be an attractive alternative to our larger competitors for these brand owners as one of the few modestly-sized publicly-traded spirits companies.



with other brands
 acquiring smaller and emerging brands and growing existing brands. To identify potential partner and acquisition
candidates we plan to rely on our management&rsquo;s industry experience and our extensive network of industry contacts. We also
plan to maintain and grow our U.S. and international distribution channels so that we are more attractive to spirits companies
who are looking for a route to market for their products. We expect to compete for foreign and small private and family-owned spirits
brands by offering flexible and creative structures
 which present an alternative to the larger spirits companies.


through a combination of our available cash resources
 third party financing and
 in appropriate circumstances
 the further issuance
of equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring additional brands could have a significant effect on our financial position
 and could
cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating results. Also
 the pursuit of acquisitions and other new business
relationships may require significant management attention. We may not be able to successfully identify attractive acquisition
candidates
 obtain financing on favorable terms or complete these types of transactions in a timely manner and on terms acceptable
to us
 if at all.




regarding our spirits case sales for the periods presented based on nine-liter equivalent cases
 which is a standard spirits industry
metric (table excludes related non-alcoholic beverage products):&nbsp;



    
Year ended March 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
340
782
310
106
307
584

    
85
558
82
632
81
790

    
    
    
    

    
426
340
392
738
389
374

    
    
    
    

    
180
698
171
189
166
939

    
109
990
84
713
70
592

    
91
010
89
369
91
832

    
43
608
46
347
55
145

    
1
034
1
106
1
153

    
    
    
3
709

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
426
340
392
738
389
374

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    
    



regarding our case sales of related non-alcoholic beverage products
 which primarily consists of Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 for
the periods presented:



    
Year ended March 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
070
173
682
190
403
195

    
45
101
33
232
26
323

    
    
    
    

    
1
115
274
715
422
429
518

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    





our reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 amounts of sales and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience and
other factors and circumstances. We believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable under the circumstances; however
 actual
results may differ from these estimates.


discussed below are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations in that they require our
most difficult
 subjective or complex judgments and form the basis for the accounting policies deemed to be most critical to our
operations.




when the product is shipped to a customer (generally a distributor)
 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer under the
terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination) and collection is reasonably assured. We do not offer a right of return but
will accept returns if we shipped the wrong product or wrong quantity. Revenue is not recognized on shipments to control states
in the U.S. until such time as the product is sold through to the retail channel.




net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect any loss anticipated
on the trade accounts receivable balances and charged to the allowance for doubtful accounts. We calculate this allowance based
on our history of write-offs
 level of past due accounts based on contractual terms of the receivables and our relationships with
and economic status of
 our customers.




 which consists of distilled
spirits
 non-beverage alcohol products
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 cans
 labels and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
is valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. We assess the valuation of our inventories and
reduce the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of our forecasted usage to their estimated realizable
value. We estimate the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
historical usage
 future demand and market requirements. Reduction to the carrying value of inventories is recorded in cost of
goods sold.


    
    





 2016 and 2015
we had $0.5 million of goodwill that arose from acquisitions. Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price and
related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired.
Intangible assets with indefinite lives consist primarily of rights
 trademarks
 trade names and formulations. We are
required to analyze our goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment on an annual basis as well
as when events and circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred. In testing goodwill for impairment
 we have
the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a
determination that it is more likely than not (more than 50%) that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than
its carrying amount. If we elect to perform a qualitative assessment and determine that an impairment is more likely than
not
 we are then required to perform a quantitative impairment test
 otherwise no further analysis is required. We may also
elect not to perform the qualitative assessment and
 instead
 proceed direct to the quantitative impairment test. Under the
goodwill qualitative assessment
 various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of a reporting
unit are identified
 including
 but not limited to: prior years&rsquo; impairment testing results
 budget to actual results
Company-specific facts and circumstances
 industry developments
 and the economic environment.


quantitative impairment test we evaluate the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets at the reporting unit level. In the first step the fair value for the reporting unit
is compared to its book value including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the book value
 a
second step is performed which compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit&rsquo;s goodwill to the book value of
the goodwill. The fair value for the goodwill is determined based on the difference between the fair values of the
reporting units and the net fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of such reporting units. If the fair value
of the goodwill is less than the book value
 the difference is recognized as an impairment.


assessment at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of each
reporting unit were identified
 including
 but not limited to: prior years&rsquo; impairment testing results
 budget to
actual results
 Company-specific facts and circumstances
 industry developments
 and the economic environment. Based on this
assessment
 we determined that no quantitative assessment was required. 

intangible assets for fiscal 2016
 2015 or 2014.


lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives to the estimated residual values and reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We are required to amortize intangible
assets with estimable useful lives over their respective estimated useful lives to the estimated residual values and to review
intangible assets with estimable useful lives for impairment in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting
Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 310
 &ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets.&rdquo;&nbsp;




regarding stock-based compensation
 which requires all share-based payments
 including grants of stock options
 to be recognized
in the income statement as an operating expense
 based on their fair values on the grant date. Stock-based compensation was $1.4
million
 $0.8 million and $0.4 million for fiscal 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. We used the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
to estimate the fair value of options granted. The assumptions used in valuing the options granted during fiscal 2016
 2015 and
2014 are included in note 12 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements.




 &ldquo;Financial Instruments&rdquo;
defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction
between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. We believe that there is no
material difference between the fair value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the balance sheets due to the short-term
maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the debt
 as compared to the current borrowing rates available to us.


    
    





 for the
periods indicated
 the percentage of net sales of certain items in our consolidated financial statements.



    
Year ended March 31


    
    
    
    


 net
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



loss attributable to common shareholders&nbsp;to EBITDA
 as adjusted:



    
Year ended March 31


    
    
    
    

    
(2
516
368
(3
799
742
(9
291
346

    
    
    
    


 net
1
088
539
1
129
047
1
062
219


 net
1
450
848
1
278
999
(590
414

    
939
513
907
540
860
254

    
962
532
(484
156
(7
959
287

    
61
000
236
000
403
049

    
200
000
281
000
200
000

    
1
370
556
787
710
393
914


 net
    
(16
602
    

    
(18
667
    
502
518

    
190
867
4
564
284
962

    
    
    
5
392
594

    
809
662
325
829
935
035

    
    
    
384
599


 as adjusted
3
576
616
1
134
345
537
384



 taxes
 depreciation
and amortization
 or EBITDA
 adjusted for allowances for doubtful accounts and obsolete inventory
 stock-based compensation expense
&nbsp;other
income
 net
 loss from equity investment in non-consolidated affiliate
 foreign exchange loss
 net change in fair value of warrant
liability
 net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and dividend to preferred shareholders&nbsp;is a key metric we use
in evaluating our financial performance. EBITDA
 as adjusted
 is considered a non-GAAP financial measure as defined by Regulation
G promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. We consider EBITDA
 as adjusted
 important in evaluating
our performance on a consistent basis across various periods. Due to the significance of non-cash and non-recurring items
 EBITDA
as adjusted
 enables our Board of Directors and management to monitor and evaluate the business on a consistent basis. We use EBITDA
as adjusted
 as a primary measure
 among others
 to analyze and evaluate financial and strategic planning decisions regarding future
operating investments and allocation of capital resources. We believe that EBITDA
 as adjusted
 eliminates items that are not indicative
of our core operating performance or are based on management&rsquo;s estimates
 such as allowance accounts
 are due to changes
in valuation
 such as the effects of changes in foreign exchange or fair value of warrant liability
 or do not involve a cash outlay
such as stock-based compensation expense. Our presentation of EBITDA
 as adjusted
 should not be construed as an inference that
our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items or by non-cash items
 such as stock-based compensation
which is expected to remain a key element in our long-term incentive compensation program. EBITDA
 as adjusted
 should be considered
in addition to
 rather than as a substitute for
 income from operations
 net income and cash flows from operating activities.


 as adjusted
 improved&nbsp;to
$3.6 million for the year ended March 31
 2016
 as compared to $1.1 million for the prior year
 primarily as a result of our increased
sales and gross profit. Our EBITDA
 as adjusted
 improved&nbsp;to $1.1 million for the year ended March 31
 2015
 as compared to
$0.5 million for the prior year
 primarily as a result of our increased sales and gross profit.



 Net sales increased 25.7%
to $72.2 million for the year ended March 31
 2016
 as compared to $57.5 million for the prior fiscal year
 due to sales growth
of our Jefferson&rsquo;s portfolio and our Goslings rum and Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 partially offset by
decreases in sales of vodka. Also
 for the year ended March 31
 2016
 sales of our Goslings Stormy Ginger
Beer increased by 400
223 cases
 or 56.0%
 overall
 including a 388
354 case increase
 or 57.0%
 in U.S. case sales as compared
to the prior year. We anticipate continued growth of Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer in the near term due to the popularity of cocktails
containing ginger beer and Goslings brand awareness
 although there is no assurance that we will attain such results. We continue
to focus on our faster growing brands and markets
 both in the U.S. and internationally.


    
    



decrease
 as applicable
 in case sales by spirits product category for the year ended March 31
 2016 as compared to the year ended
March 31
 2015:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
9
509
9
452
    
    

    
25
277
20
734
    
    

    
1
641
2
644
    
    

    
(2
739
(2
068
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
33
602
30
676
    
    



a percentage of total spirits case sales decreased to 20.1% for the year ended March 31
 2016 as compared to 21.0% for the prior
year
 primarily due to the timing of shipments of rum to our international wholesaler.


in case sales of related non-alcoholic beverage products for the year ended March 31
 2016 as compared to the year ended March
31
 2015:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
399
852
387
983
    
    


 Gross
profit increased 32.4% to $28.6 million for the year ended March 31
 2016 from $21.6 million for the prior fiscal year
 and
our gross margin increased to 39.5% for the year ended March 31
 2016 compared to 37.5% for the prior year. The increase in
gross profit was primarily due to increased sales volume and revenue in the current period
 while the increase in gross
margin was due to increased sales of our more profitable brands
 in particular the Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons
 partially
offset by increased sales of lower-margin Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer. During the year ended March 31
 2016
 we recorded an
addition to allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $0.2 million
 as compared to $0.3 million for the prior
fiscal year. We recorded these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with label and
packaging changes made to certain brands
 as well as certain cost variances. The net charges have been recorded as an
increase to cost of sales in the relevant period. Net of the allowance for obsolete inventory
 our gross margin for the year
ended March 31
 2016 was 39.8% as compared to 38.0% for the prior year.

 Selling expense
increased 26.0% to $19.2 million for the year ended March 31
 2016 from $15.3 million for the prior year
 primarily due&nbsp;to
a $2.7 million increase in advertising
 marketing and promotion expense related to increased sales volume and the timing of certain
sales and marketing programs
 America&rsquo;s Cup sponsorship
 and a $1.3 million increase in employee
costs. The increase in sales resulted in selling expense as a percentage of net sales remaining relatively constant at 26.6%
for the year ended March 31
 2016 as compared to 26.5% for the prior fiscal year.

.
General and administrative expense increased 13.8% to $7.4 million for the year ended March 31
 2016 from $6.5 million for the
prior year
 primarily due to a $0.5 million increase in employee expense
 a $0.4 million increase in professional fees and a $0.4
million increase in stock-based compensation expense. Increased sales resulted in general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales decreasing to 10.2% for
the year ended March 31
 2016 as compared to 11.3% for the prior fiscal year. As a result of our becoming an accelerated filer
we expect general and administrative expense to further increase in the near term due to the costs and fees associated with the
additional regulatory requirements.

 Depreciation
and amortization was $0.9 million for each of the years ended March 31
 2016 and 2015.

. As
a result of the foregoing
 results from operations improved to income of $1.0 million for the year ended March 31
 2016 as compared
to a loss of ($1.1) million for the prior year. As a result of our focus on our stronger growth markets and better performing brands
and expected growth from our existing brands
 we anticipate improved results of operations in the near term as compared to prior
years
 although there is no assurance that we will attain such results.

Income tax expense
 net.
expense
 net is the estimated tax expense attributable to the net taxable income recorded by our 60% owned subsidiary
 GCP
 adjusted
for changes in the deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability during the periods
 and was net expense of ($1.5) million for
the year ended March 31
 2016 as compared to net expense of ($1.3) million for the prior year.

 Foreign
exchange loss for the year ended March 31
 2016 was ($0.2) million as compared to a de minimis loss for the prior fiscal year due
to the net effects of fluctuations of the U.S. dollar against the Euro and its impact on our Euro-denominated intercompany balances
due to our foreign subsidiaries for inventory purchases.


    
    


Interest expense
 net.
expense
 net of ($1.1) million for each of the years ended March 31
 2016 and 2015 due to balances outstanding under our credit
facilities. Due to expected borrowings under credit facilities to finance additional purchases of aged whiskies in support of the
growth of our Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons and other working capital needs
 we expect interest expense
 net to increase in the near
term as compared to prior years.

Net income attributable to noncontrolling
interests.
 2016 as compared
to ($0.3) million for the prior year
 both the result of allocated net income recorded by our 60% owned subsidiary
 GCP.


As a result of the net effects of the foregoing
 net loss attributable to common shareholders improved to ($2.5) million&nbsp;for
the year ended March 31
 2016 as compared to ($3.8) million for the prior year. Net loss per common share
 basic and diluted
 was
($0.02) per share for each of the years ended March 31
 2016 and 2015.



 Net sales increased 19.4%
to $57.5 million for the year ended March 31
 2015
 as compared to $48.1 million for the prior year
 due to the overall growth
of our Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 Jefferson's and Jefferson&rsquo;s Reserve bourbons
 Clontarf Irish whiskey and Pallini liqueurs.
Overall spirits sales volume for fiscal 2015 was negatively impacted by the cessation of sales of Hasse Apple Pie Liqueurs and
wines
 and our inability to source supply for Jefferson&rsquo;s Rye in fiscal 2015
 all of which we sold in fiscal 2014 but did
not sell in fiscal 2015. Sales volume was also negatively impacted by lower sales volume of vodka and destocking of Goslings rums
at the wholesale level.&nbsp;These shortfalls were partially offset by increases in sales of our Jefferson&rsquo;s
 Jefferson&rsquo;s
Reserve and Jefferson&rsquo;s Ocean Aged at Sea bourbons and our Irish whiskey portfolio. Also
 fiscal 2015 sales of our Goslings
Stormy Ginger Beer increased by 286
140 cases
 or 66.7%
 overall
 including a 279
231 case increase
 or 69.4%
 in U.S. case sales
as compared to fiscal 2014.


decrease
 as applicable
 in case sales by spirits product category for the year ended March 31
 2015 as compared to the year ended
March 31
 2014:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
4
250
2
239
    
    

    
14
121
11
301
    
    

    
(2
463
(2
406
    
    

    
(8
798
(4
865
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(3
709
(3
709
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
3
364
2
522
    
    



as a percentage of total spirits case sales were 21.0% for each of the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014.

in case sales of related non-alcoholic beverage products for the year ended March 31
 2015 as compared to the year ended March
31
 2014:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
285
904
278
995
    
    


 Gross profit increased
22.5% to $21.6 million for the year ended March 31
 2015 from $17.6 million for the prior year
 and our gross margin increased
to 37.5% for the year ended March 31
 2015 compared to 36.6% for the prior year. The increase in gross profit was primarily due
to increased revenue in the current period
 while the increase in gross margin was due to an increase in sales of our more profitable
brands
 in particular the Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons and our Irish whiskey brands. During the year ended March 31
 2015
 we recorded
a net allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $0.3 million
 as compared to $0.2 million for the prior year. We recorded
these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with label and packaging changes made to certain
brands
 as well as certain cost variances. The net charges have been recorded as an increase to cost of sales in each period. Net
of the allowance for obsolete inventory
 our gross margin for the year ended March 31
 2015 was 38.0% as compared to 37.0% for
the prior year.

 Selling expense
increased 21.7% to $15.3 million for the year ended March 31
 2015 from $12.5 million for the prior year
 primarily due&nbsp;to
a $0.7 million increase in shipping costs
 a $0.9 million increase in advertising
 marketing and promotion expense related to the
timing of certain sales and marketing programs
 a $0.2 million increase in commissions
 associated with increased sales volume
and a $0.9 million increase in employee costs. The increase in sales resulted in selling expense as a percentage of net sales remaining
relatively constant at 26.5% for the year ended March 31
 2015 as compared to 26.0% for the prior year.


    
    


.
General and administrative expense increased 17.3% to $6.5 million for the year ended March 31
 2015 from $5.5 million for the
prior year
 primarily due to a $0.3 million increase in each of professional fees
 employee expense and non-cash stock-based compensation
expense
 and a $0.1 million increase in insurance expense. The increase in sales resulted in general and administrative expense
as a percentage of net sales remaining relatively constant at 11.3% for the year ended March 31
 2015 as compared to 11.5% for
the prior fiscal year.

 Depreciation
and amortization was $0.9 million for each of the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014.

. As a result
of the foregoing
 loss from operations improved to ($1.1) million for the year ended March 31
 2015 from ($1.3) million for the
prior year.

Net change in fair value of warrant
liability.
(the &ldquo;2011 Warrants&rdquo;)&nbsp;at their initial fair value. Changes in the fair value of the 2011 Warrants were recognized
in earnings for each reporting period. In November 2013
 in accordance with certain terms of the 2011 Warrants
 the down-round
provisions included in the terms of the warrant&nbsp;ceased to be&nbsp;in effect due to the historical VWAP and trading volume
of our common stock. As a result
 the then outstanding warrant liability of $6.2 million was eliminated and recognized as an increase
to additional paid-in capital. In April 2014
 we called for cancellation all remaining 1.7 million unexercised 2011 Warrants pursuant
to their terms after satisfying applicable conditions. Pursuant to the call for cancellation
 holders of all 1.7 million unexercised
2011 Warrants exercised such warrants and received 1.7 million shares of Common Stock. We received $0.6 million in cash upon the
exercise of these 2011 Warrants. As a result
 no 2011 Warrants were outstanding as of March 31
 2015. Accordingly
 we no longer
recognize any changes in fair value of the 2011 Warrants. For the year ended March 31
 2014
 we recorded a non-cash charge for&nbsp;loss
on the change in the value of the warrants of ($5.4) million
 primarily due to the effects of our increased share price on the
Black-Scholes valuation.

Income tax (expense) benefit
 net.
Income tax (expense) benefit
 net is the estimated tax expense attributable to the net taxable income recorded by our 60% owned
subsidiary
 Gosling-Castle Partners Inc.
 adjusted for changes in the deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability during the
periods
 and was net expense of ($1.3) million for the year ended March 31
 2015 as compared to a benefit of $0.6 million for the
prior year.

 Foreign
exchange loss for the year ended March 31
 2015 was de minimis as compared to a loss of ($0.3) million for the prior year due to
the net effects of fluctuations of the U.S. dollar against the Euro and its impact on our Euro-denominated intercompany balances
due to our foreign subsidiaries for inventory purchases.

Interest expense
 net.
expense
 net of ($1.1) million for each of the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 due to balances outstanding under our credit
facilities.

Net income attributable to noncontrolling
interests.
 2015 was ($0.3) million as compared
to ($0.9) million for the prior year
 both the result of allocated net income recorded by our 60% owned subsidiary
 Gosling-Castle
Partners Inc.


Pursuant to the mandatory conversion of our 10% Convertible Series A Preferred Stock
 in February 2014
 all outstanding shares
of Series A Preferred Stock
 and accrued dividends thereon
 converted into Common Stock. Accordingly
 after February 2014
 we no
longer recognize a dividend to preferred shareholders. For the year ended March 31
 2014
 we recognized a dividend on our Series
A Preferred Stock of $0.4 million.


As a result of the net effects of the foregoing
 including the non-cash charge for loss on the net change in fair value of warrant
liability and the dividend accrual in the prior year
 net loss attributable to common shareholders improved to ($3.8) million&nbsp;for
the year ended March 31
 2015 as compared to a loss of ($9.3) million for the prior year. Net loss per common share
 basic and
diluted
 was ($0.02) per share for the year ended March 31
 2015 as compared to ($0.08) per share for the prior year. Net loss
per common share
 basic and diluted
 as reported in the current period benefited from an increase in the weighted-average shares
outstanding in the year ended March 31
 2015 as compared to the prior year.






 we have incurred significant
operating and net losses and have not generated positive cash flows from operations. For the year ended March 31
 2016
 we had
a net loss of $1.7 million
 and used cash of $2.9 million in operating activities. As of March 31
 2016
 we had cash and cash equivalents
of $1.4 million and had an accumulated deficit of $145.9 million.


    
    






Brands (USA) Corp. (&ldquo;CB-USA&rdquo;) are parties to an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &ldquo;Loan
Agreement&rdquo;) with ACF FinCo I LP (&ldquo;ACF&rdquo;)
 
 which provides for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions)
of a facility (the &ldquo;Credit Facility&rdquo;) to provide us with working capital
 including capital to finance purchases of
aged whiskies in support of the growth of our Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons
 in the amount of $19.0 million
 including a sublimit
in the maximum principal amount of $7.0 million to permit us to acquire aged whiskey inventory (the &ldquo;Purchased Inventory
Sublimit&rdquo;) subject to certain conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement. The Credit Facility matures on July 31
 2019 (the
&ldquo;Maturity Date&rdquo;). The monthly facility fee is 0.75% per annum of the maximum Credit Facility amount (excluding the
Purchased Inventory Sublimit)..


we and CB-USA may borrow up to the lesser of (x) $19.0 million and (y) the sum of the borrowing base calculated in accordance with
the Loan Agreement and the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. We and CB-USA may prepay the Credit Facility in whole or the Purchased
Inventory Sublimit
 in whole or in part
 subject to certain prepayment penalties as set forth in the Loan Agreement Amendment.
The Purchased Inventory Sublimit replaces our bourbon term loan (the &ldquo;Bourbon Term Loan&rdquo;)
 which was paid in full in
the normal course of business in May 2015.


we entered into a Reaffirmation Agreement with (i) certain of our officers
 including John
Glover
 our Chief Operating Officer
 T. Kelley Spillane
 our Senior Vice President - Global Sales
 and Alfred J. Small
 our Senior
Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer &amp; Secretary and (ii) certain junior lenders of ours
 including Frost Gamma
Investments Trust
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director of ours and a principal shareholder of ours
 Mark
E. Andrews
 III
 a director of ours and our Chairman
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 a director of ours and our President and
Chief Executive Officer
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 a former director of ours
 Dennis Scholl
 a former director of ours
 and
Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder of ours
 of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer
 Henry Beinstein
 a director
of ours
 is a director and Phillip Frost
 M.D. is a principal shareholder
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity
and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 us and ACF.


entering into an amendment to the Loan Agreement in August 2015 that ACF enter into a participation agreement with certain
related parties of ours
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($150
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 Richard J.
Lampen ($100
000)
 and Alfred J. Small ($15
000)
 to allow for the sale of participation interests in the Purchased
Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. The participation agreement provides that
ACF&rsquo;s commitment to fund each advance of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit shall be limited to seventy percent (70%)
 up
to an aggregate maximum principal amount for all advances equal to $4.9 million. Under the terms of the participation
agreement
 the participants receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. We are not a party to the participation agreement.
However
 we and CB-USA are party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including the related party junior
participants) pursuant to which we and CB-USA were obligated to pay the junior participants a closing fee of $18
000 on the
effective date of the Loan Agreement Amendment and are obligated to pay a commitment fee of $18
000 on each anniversary of
the effective date until the junior participants&rsquo; obligations are terminated pursuant to the participation
agreement.


the Credit Facility
 provided that we have a sufficient borrowing base (as defined in the Loan Agreement). The Credit Facility
interest rate (other than with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit) is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest
of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.0%. The interest rate applicable to the Purchased Inventory
Sublimit is the rate
 that when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and
(c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount
of the Credit Facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &ldquo;Default&rdquo; or &ldquo;Event of Default&rdquo;
(as defined under the Loan Agreement) we are required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable
Credit Facility interest rate. The Loan Agreement contains EBITDA targets allowing for further interest rate reductions in the
future. The Credit Facility currently bears interest at 6.0% and the Purchased Inventory Sublimit currently bears interest at 7.75%.
We are required to pay down the principal balance of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit within 15 banking days from the completion
of a bottling run of bourbon from our bourbon inventory stock purchased with funds borrowed under the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
in an amount equal to the purchase price of such bourbon. The unpaid principal balance of the Credit Facility all accrued and unpaid
interest thereon
 and all fees
 costs and expenses payable in connection with the Credit Facility
 are due and payable in full
on the Maturity Date.&nbsp;In addition to closing fees
&nbsp;ACF receives facility fees and a collateral management fee (each as
set forth in the Loan Agreement). Our obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by the grant of a pledge and a security
interest in all of our assets.


borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative and
negative covenants. The Loan Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict our ability to create
additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens
 and make distributions or cash dividends. At March 31
 2016
 we
were in compliance
 in all material respects
&nbsp;with the covenants under the Loan Agreement.


    
    



 GCP
 a 60% owned subsidiary
issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $0.2 million to Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange
for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. This note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain
acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity.


aggregating &euro;0.3 million or $0.3 million (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft
coverage
 creditors&rsquo; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable
on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&rsquo;s
AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. We have deposited &euro;0.3 million or $0.3 million (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) with
the bank to secure these borrowings. 


 we issued an aggregate
principal amount of $2.1 million unsecured 5% convertible subordinated notes (the &ldquo;Convertible Notes&rdquo;). We used a portion
of the proceeds to finance the acquisition of additional bourbon inventory in support of the growth of our Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbon
brand.


rate of 5% per annum and mature on December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes and accrued but unpaid interest thereon are convertible
in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of our common stock
 par value $0.01 per
share (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;)
 at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;). The Convertible
Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date
of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each noteholder to accelerate
the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on
 the Convertible Notes. The Convertible
Note&nbsp;purchasers included certain related parties of ours
 including an affiliate of Dr. Phillip Frost ($500
000)
 Mark E.
Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn ($200
000)
 Dennis Scholl ($100
000)
and Vector Group Ltd. ($200
000).


if (i) the average daily volume of the Common Stock (as reported on the principal market or exchange on which the Common Stock
is listed or quoted for trading) exceeds $50
000 per trading day and (ii) the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock
for at least twenty (20) trading days during any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period exceeds 250% of the then-current Conversion
Price. Any forced conversion will be applied ratably to the holders of all Convertible Notes based on each holder&rsquo;s then-current
note holdings.


 we entered into a
distribution agreement (the &ldquo;2014 Distribution Agreement&rdquo;) with Barrington Research Associates
 Inc.
(&ldquo;Barrington&rdquo;) as sales agent
 under which we may issue and sell over time and from time to time
 to or through
Barrington
 shares (the &ldquo;Shares&rdquo;) of our Common Stock having a gross sales price of up to $10.0 million. The 2014
Distribution Agreement replaced the prior equity distribution agreement entered into with Barrington in November 2013
 under
which we could offer and sell Shares having a gross sale price of up to $6.0 million.


Distribution Agreement may be effected by any method permitted by law deemed to be an &ldquo;at-the-market&rdquo; offering as defined
in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 including without limitation directly on the NYSE MKT LLC or any other existing
trading market for the Common Stock or through a market maker
 up to the amount specified
 and otherwise to or through Barrington
in accordance with the placement notices delivered by us to Barrington. Also
 with our prior consent
 some of the Shares issued
pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement may be sold in privately negotiated transactions.


March 31
 2016
 we sold 2.1 million Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of
approximately $3.3 million
 before deducting sales agent and offering expenses of approximately $0.1 million. We used a portion of
the proceeds to finance our investment in Copperhead Distillery Company and intend to use the remaining and any future
proceeds for general corporate purposes. As of June 9
 2016
 approximately $4.7 million remained available for issuance
pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement.




 2016
 we had
shareholders&rsquo; equity of $23.8 million as compared to $21.1 million at March 31
 2015. This increase is primarily due
to&nbsp;the net issuance of $3.2 million of Common Stock under the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 partially offset by our $1.7
million net loss
 the $0.6 million subsidiary dividend paid to noncontrolling interests and our total comprehensive loss for
the year ended March 31
 2016.


at March 31
 2016 as compared to $25.7 million at March 31
 2015. This&nbsp;increase is primarily due to a $6.1 million increase
in inventory and a $0.2 million increase in cash and cash equivalents
 partially offset by a net $3.2 million increase in accounts
payable and accrued expenses.


 2016
 we had cash and
cash equivalents of approximately $1.4 million
 as compared to $1.2 million as of March 31
 2015. The increase is primarily
attributable to the equity issued and debt raised
 offset by the funding of our operations and working capital needs for the
year ended March 31
 2016. At March 31
 2016
 we also had approximately $0.3 million of cash restricted from withdrawal and
held by a bank in Ireland as collateral for overdraft coverage
 creditors&rsquo; insurance
 revolving credit and other
working capital purposes.


liquidity over the near-to-mid term:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



the growth of existing brands through sales and marketing initiatives that we expect will generate cash flows from operations in
the next few years. As part of this plan
 we seek to grow our business through expansion to new markets
 growth in existing markets
and strengthened distributor relationships.&nbsp;As our brands continue to grow
 our working capital requirements will increase.
In particular
 the growth of our Jefferson&rsquo;s brands requires a significant amount of working capital relative to our other
brands
 as we are required to purchase and hold ever increasing amounts of aged bourbon to meet growing demand. While we are seeking
solutions to our long-term bourbon supply needs
 we are required to purchase and hold several years&rsquo; worth of aged bourbon
in inventory until such time as it is aged to our specific brand taste profiles
 increasing our working capital requirements and
negatively impacting cash flows.


agency relationships to leverage our existing distribution platform. We intend to finance any such brand acquisitions through a
combination of our available cash resources
 borrowings and
 in appropriate circumstances
 additional issuances of equity and/or
debt securities. Acquiring additional brands could have a significant effect on our financial position
 could materially reduce
our liquidity and could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating results. We continue to look to control
expenses
 seek improvements in routes to market and contain production costs to improve cash flows.


 2016
 we had borrowed $12.1
million of the $19.0 million available under the Credit Facility
 including $2.6 million of the $7.0 million available under the
Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 leaving $2.5 million in potential availability for working capital needs under the Credit Facility
and $4.4 million available for aged whiskey inventory purchases. As of the date of this report
 we had borrowed $11.7 million of
the $19.0 million available under the Credit Facility
 including $2.5 million of the $7.0 million available under the Purchased
Inventory Sublimit
 leaving $2.8 million in potential availability for working capital needs under the Credit Facility and $4.5
million available for aged whiskey inventory purchases. We believe our current cash and working capital
 the availability under
the Credit Facility&nbsp;and the additional funds that may be raised under the 2014 Distribution Agreement will enable us to fund
our losses until we achieve profitability
 ensure continuity of supply of our brands
 and support new brand initiatives and marketing
programs through at least March 2017.




sources and uses of cash during the periods presented:



    
Year ended March 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(2
854
(8
852
(5
820

    
    
    
    

    
4
087
9
627
6
494

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 A substantial
portion of available cash has been used to fund our operating activities. In general
 these cash funding requirements are based
on operating losses
 driven chiefly by the costs in maintaining our distribution system and our sales and marketing activities.
We have also utilized cash to fund our inventories. In general
 these cash outlays for inventories are only partially offset by
increases in our accounts payable to our suppliers.


 the production cycle for our
owned brands is up to three months from the time we obtain the distilled spirits and other materials needed to bottle and package
our products to the time we receive products available for sale
 in part due to the international nature of our business. We do
not produce Goslings rums or ginger beer
 Pallini liqueurs
 Tierras tequila
 or Gozio amaretto. Instead
 we receive the finished
product directly from the owners of such brands. From the time we have products available for sale
 an additional two to three
months may be required before we sell our inventory and collect payment from customers. Further
 our inventory at March 31
 2016
included significant additional stores of aged bourbon purchased in advance of forecasted production requirements. We expect to
use the aged bourbon in the normal course of future sales
 generating positive cash flows in future periods.


 2016
 net
cash used in operating activities was $2.9 million
 consisting primarily of a net loss of $1.7 million
 a $6.5 million increase
in inventory
 a $0.6 million decrease in due to related parties and a $0.1 million increase in prepaid expenses and supplies. These
uses of cash were partially offset by a $3.2 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expense
&nbsp;a $0.1 million increase
in due from affiliates
 stock based compensation expense of $1.4 million and depreciation and amortization expense of $0.9 million.


 2015
 net
cash used in operating activities was $8.9 million
 consisting primarily of a $7.2 million increase in inventory
 a net loss of
$3.5 million
 a $0.3 million increase in other assets and a $1.7 million increase in accounts receivable. These uses of cash were
partially offset by a $1.3 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses
 a $0.1 million decrease in prepaid expenses
stock based compensation expense of $0.8 million
 depreciation and amortization expense of $0.9 million
 a provision for obsolete
inventories of $0.3 million and $0.3 million in deferred income tax expense
 net.


    
    



the year ended March 31
 2014
 net cash used in operating activities was $5.8 million
 consisting primarily of a net loss of $8.0
million
 a $2.0 million increase in accounts receivable
 a $1.2 million increase in inventory
 a $0.6 million decrease in accounts
payable and accrued expenses
 a $0.6 million increase in prepaid expenses
 a $0.2 million increase in other assets and $0.6 million
in deferred tax benefit. These uses of cash were partially offset by a change in fair value of warrant liability of $5.4 million
a $0.5 million loss on equity investment in non-consolidated affiliate
 stock-based compensation expense of $0.4 million
 depreciation
and amortization expense of $0.9 million
 and a provision for obsolete inventories of $0.2 million.

Investing
 Net cash used in investing activities was $1.0 million for the year ended March 31
 2016
 representing
a $0.5 million investment in Copperhead Distillery and $0.5 million used in the acquisition of fixed and intangible assets.


cash used in investing activities was $0.5 million for the year ended March 31
 2015
 representing $0.5 million used in the acquisition
of fixed and intangible assets.


cash used in investing activities was $0.2 million for the year ended March 31
 2014
 representing $0.3 million used in the acquisition
of fixed and intangible assets
 partially offset by $0.06 million from a change in restricted cash.

Financing
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended March 31
 2016 was $4.1
million
 consisting primarily of $3. 1 million in net proceeds from the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to the 2014
Distribution Agreement
 $2.0 million in net proceeds from the Credit Facility and $0.4 million from the exercise of Common
Stock options
 partially offset by $0.7 million paid on the Bourbon Term Loan and $0.6 million in dividends paid to
non-controlling interests of GCP.


cash provided by financing activities for the year ended March 31
 2015 was $9.6 million
 consisting of $8.2 million in
net proceeds from the Credit Facility
 $3.1 million in net proceeds from the issuance of Common Stock under our
distribution agreements with Barrington
 $0.6 million in proceeds from the exercise of 2011 Warrants and $0.2 million in proceeds from
the exercise of stock options
 partially offset by the $1.25 million repayment of a junior loan and the $1.3 million paid
on the Bourbon Term Loan.


cash provided by financing activities for the year ended March 31
 2014 was $6.5 million
 consisting of $4.3 million in net
proceeds from the issuance of Common Stock under our previous distribution agreement with Barrington
 $3.8 million in
proceeds from the exercise of 2011 Warrants
 $2.1 million from the issuance of the Convertible Notes and $1.25 million from
issuance of a junior loan
 offset by the $4.5 million paid on the Credit Facility
 $0.5 million paid on the Bourbon Term
Loan and $0.1 million paid on the foreign revolving credit facilities.




table sets forth our contractual commitments as of March 31
 2016:



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
1
674
14
287
    
16
798

    
3
454
8
714
6
102
9
011
27
281

    
    
    
    
    
1
381

    
4
656
11
094
20
699
9
011
45
460



31
 2016. Debt principal and debt interest represent principal and interest to be paid on our revolving credit facility based on
the balance outstanding as of March 31
 2016. Interest on the revolving credit facility is calculated using the prevailing rates
as of March 31
 2016. Our estimate assumes that we will maintain the same levels of indebtedness and financial performance through
the credit facility&rsquo;s maturity in July 2019.


Long-term
 For more information concerning our long-term debt
 see &ldquo;Liquidity




Supply
For a discussion of our supply agreements
 see note 14 to our accompanying




Operating
 For a discussion of our operating leases
 please see note 14 E to our accompanying consolidated
                                                                           financial statements.


    
    





operations are the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom. With respect to our consolidated financial statements
the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates
in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period.
The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income.


amounts in Euros or British Pounds
 we have for your convenience also in certain cases provided a conversion of those amounts to
U.S. Dollars in parentheses. Where the numbers refer to a specific balance sheet account date or financial statement account period
we have used the exchange rate that was used to perform the conversions in connection with the applicable financial statement.
In all other instances
 unless otherwise indicated
 the conversions have been made using the exchange rates as of March 31
 2016
each as calculated from the Interbank exchange rates as reported by Oanda.com. On March 31
 2016
 the exchange rate of the Euro
and the British Pound in exchange for U.S. Dollars was &euro;1.00 = U.S.$1.13553 (equivalent to U.S.$1.00 = &euro;0.88065) and
&pound;1.00 = U.S.$1.43677 (equivalent to U.S.$1.00 = &pound;0.69601).


as representations that the Euro and British Pound amounts actually represent U.S. Dollar amounts or could be converted into U.S.
Dollars at the rates indicated.




are not materially impacted by moderate changes in the inflation rate. Inflation and changing prices did not have a material impact
on our operations during fiscal 2016
 2015 or 2014. Severe increases in inflation
 however
 could affect the global and U.S. economies
and could have an adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.




accounting standards in the &ldquo;Accounting standards adopted&rdquo; and &ldquo;Recent accounting pronouncements&rdquo; sections
of note 1 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements.




statements&rdquo; within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements
 which involve risks
and uncertainties
 relate to the discussion of our business strategies and our expectations concerning future operations
 margins
profitability
 liquidity and capital resources and to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results
and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. We use words such as &ldquo;may&rdquo;
 &ldquo;will&rdquo;
 &ldquo;should&rdquo;
&ldquo;expects&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intends&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plans&rdquo;
 &ldquo;anticipates&rdquo;
 &ldquo;believes&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimates&rdquo;
&ldquo;seeks&rdquo;
 &ldquo;predicts&rdquo;
 &ldquo;could&rdquo;
 &ldquo;projects&rdquo;
 &ldquo;potential&rdquo; and similar terms
and phrases
 including references to assumptions
 in this report to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting us and are subject to uncertainties
 risks
and factors relating to our operations and business environments
 all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond
our control
 that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. These risks and other factors include those listed under &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and as follows:






our potential need for additional capital
 which
 if not available on acceptable terms or at all
 could restrict our future
growth and severely limit our operations;

our brands could fail to achieve more widespread consumer acceptance
 which may limit our growth;

our dependence on a limited number of suppliers
 who may not perform satisfactorily or may end their relationships with us
which could result in lost sales
 incurrence of additional costs or lost credibility in the marketplace;



the failure of even a few of our independent wholesale distributors to adequately distribute our products within their territories
could harm our sales and result in a decline in our results of operations;

the potential limitation to our growth if we are unable to identify and successfully acquire additional brands that are complementary
to our existing portfolio
 or integrate such brands after acquisitions;

currency exchange rate fluctuations and devaluations may significantly adversely affect our revenues
 sales
 costs of goods
and overall financial results;

our need to maintain a relatively large inventory of our products to support customer delivery requirements
 which could negatively
impact our operations if such inventory is lost due to theft
 fire or other damage;

the possibility that we or our strategic partners will fail to protect our respective trademarks and trade secrets
 which could
compromise our competitive position and decrease the value of our brand portfolio;

the possibility that we cannot secure and maintain listings in control states
 which could cause the sales of our products
to decrease significantly;

an impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill or other acquired intangible assets could negatively affect our operating
results and shareholders&rsquo; equity;








    
    





adverse regulatory decisions and legal
 regulatory or tax changes could limit our business activities
 increase our operating
costs and reduce our margins.


or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason
 or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from
those anticipated in
 or implied by
 these forward-looking statements
 even if new information becomes available in the future.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk




from changes in market rates and prices
 including movements in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We do not enter
into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. In the future
 we may enter into financial
instruments to manage and reduce the impact of changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates
 although we do not
currently have any such instruments in place. The following is additional information about the market risks we are exposed to
and how we manage these risks:




than with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit) is charged at the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the
Prime Rate plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%. The interest rate applicable to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%.
As of March 31
 2016
 we had $12.1 million outstanding under the Credit Facility
 including $2.6 million under the Purchased Inventory
Sublimit
 none of which is currently being hedged. Interest on our foreign revolving credit facilities is charged at the lender&rsquo;s
AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. As of March 31
 2016
 we had nothing outstanding under our foreign revolving credit facilities.


basis points) increase in the interest rate being charged on the $12.1 million of unhedged debt outstanding under our Credit Facility
including the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 and our foreign revolving credit facilities at March 31
 2016 would have an impact
of approximately $101
003 on our interest expense for the year.

Foreign exchange
rate risk


 net and expenses
are transacted in U.S. dollars. However
 in the year ended March 31
 2016
 Euro denominated sales accounted for approximately 8.0%
of our sales
 net. We also incur expenses in foreign currencies
 primarily the Euro. In the year ended March 31
 2016
 Euro denominated
expenses accounted for approximately 8.0% of our expenses. A substantial change in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar
and the Euro could have a significant adverse effect on our financial results. A hypothetical 10% change in the value of the U.S.
dollar in relation to the Euro and British pound would have had an impact of approximately $567
571 on our income from operations
for the year ended March 31
 2016.


the more we expand our business outside the United States
 the more our financial results will be exposed to exchange rate fluctuations.
In the past
 we have entered into forward contracts from time to time to reduce our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations.
We recognize derivative contracts in the balance sheet at fair value
 and reflect any net gains and losses currently in earnings.
At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 we had no forward contracts outstanding. Gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts
 which
was de minimis during the periods presented
 is included in other income and expense.


operations are the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom. With respect to our consolidated financial statements
the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates
in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period.
The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. The effect of foreign currency
translation was income of $92
131 for the year ended March 31
 2016
 a loss of ($561
009) for the year ended March 31
 2015 and
income of $193
178 for the year ended March 31
 2014. A hypothetical 10% change in the value of the U.S. dollar in relation to
the Euro and British pound would have had an impact of approximately $308
000 for the year ended March 31
 2016 as a result of
foreign currency translation.




price risks. We do not purchase the basic ingredients such as grain
 sugar cane or agave that are converted into alcohol through
distillation. Instead
 we have relationships with various companies to provide distillation
 bottling or other production services
for us. These relationships vary on a brand-by-brand basis.


 2016
 we did not have any
hedging arrangements in place to protect our exposure to commodity price fluctuations.

    
    








    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31
 2016 and 2015
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
    

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
    

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
    

    
    



    
    








balance sheets of Castle Brands Inc. and subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of March 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the related
consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive loss
 changes in shareholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the
years in the three-year period ended March 31
 2016. The financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of the Company as of March 31
2016 and 2015
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period
ended March 31
 2016
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over
financial reporting as of March 31
 2016

Integrated Framework
and our report dated June 13
 2016
 appearing under Item 9A of the Company&rsquo;s March 31
 2016 annual report on Form 10-K
expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.




 New York

 2016



    
    







    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
430
532
1
191
603


238 and $154
434 at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
10
410
571
10
550
990

    
3
279
138
750


008 and $267
557 at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
27
233
322
21
068
241

    
1
611
797
1
492
806

    
    
    

    
40
689
501
34
442
390

    
    
    

    
876
255
665
373

    
    
    


372
585 and $6
713
774 at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
7
048
302
7
683
227

    
496
226
496
226


 at equity
518
667
    

    
345
076
329
471

    
300
386
385
253

    
    
    

    
50
274
413
44
001
940

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
34
141

    
5
652
260
5
753
617

    
4
352
170
1
067
460

    
1
338
072
1
963
883

    
    
    

    
11
342
502
8
819
101

    
    
    

    
    
    


625 of&nbsp;related-party&nbsp;participation&nbsp;at March 31
 2016 and none at March 31
 2015)
12
088
594
10
123
544


063 of&nbsp;related-party&nbsp;participation&nbsp;at March&nbsp;31
 2015)
    
744
900


100
000 of related party participation at March 31
 2016 and 2015)
1
675
000
1
675
000

    
211
580
211
580

    
1
204
000
1
333
152

    
    
    

    
26
521
676
22
907
277

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $.01 par value
 25
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2016 and 2015
    
    


 $.01 par value
 300
000
000 shares authorized at March 31
 2016 and 2015
&nbsp;160
474
777&nbsp;and 157
187
658 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
1
604
748
1
571
877

    
166
866
671
162
626
893

    
(145
878
079
(143
361
711

    
(2
193
794
(2
285
925

    
    
    

    
20
399
546
18
551
134

    
    
    

    
3
353
191
2
543
529

    
    
    

    
23
752
737
21
094
663

    
    
    

    
50
274
413
44
001
940



financial statements.


    
    







    
    
    
    


 net*
72
220
368
57
457
421
48
140
483

    
43
666
798
35
884
632
30
536
667

    
    
    
    

    
28
553
570
21
572
789
17
603
816

    
    
    
    

    
19
222
659
15
254
818
12
529
684

    
7
385
851
6
488
336
5
533
711

    
939
513
907
540
860
254

    
    
    
    

    
1
005
547
(1
077
905
(1
319
833

    
    
    
    


 net
    
16
602
    

    
18
667
    
(502
518

    
(190
867
(4
564
(284
962


 net
(1
088
539
(1
129
047
(1
062
219

    
    
    
(5
392
594

    
    
    
    

    
(255
858
(2
194
914
(8
562
126


 net
(1
450
848
(1
278
999
590
414

    
    
    
    

    
(1
706
706
(3
473
913
(7
971
712

    
(809
662
(325
829
(935
035

    
    
    
    

    
(2
516
368
(3
799
742
(8
906
747

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(384
599

    
    
    
    

    
(2
516
368
(3
799
742
(9
291
346

    
    
    
    


 basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
159
380
223
155
456
341
116
511
444



 net and Cost of sales include excise taxes of $7
451
569
$6
754
453 and $6
420
730 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.


financial statements.


    
    



Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Loss



    



    
    
    
    

    
(1
706
706
(3
473
913
(7
971
712

    
    
    
    

    
92
131
(561
009
193
178

    
    
    
    

    
92
131
(561
009
193
178

    
    
    
    

    
(1
614
575
(4
034
922
(7
778
534



financial statements.


    
    







    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Preferred
    Stock
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(Loss)
    Income
    
    

BALANCE
 MARCH 31
 2013
6
701
67
013
108
773
034
1
087
730
142
661
542
(130
270
623
(1
918
094
1
282
665
12
910
233

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(8
906
747
    
935
035
(7
971
712

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
193
178
    
193
178

Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs
    
    
5
394
608
53
946
4
293
356
    
    
    
4
347
302

    
(6
701
(67
013
27
465
610
274
656
(207
643
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
127
123
101
271
3
747
061
    
    
    
3
848
332

    
    
    
80
758
    
25
168
    
    
    
25
976

    
    
    
    
    
384
599
(384
599
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
6
187
968
    
    
    
6
187
968

    
    
    
    
    
393
914
    
    
    
393
914

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

BALANCE
 MARCH 31
 2014
    
    
151
841
133
1
518
411
157
485
965
(139
561
969
(1
724
916
2
217
700
19
935
191

    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
799
742
    
325
829
(3
473
913

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(561
009
    
(561
009

Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs
    
    
2
537
924
25
379
3
108
189
    
    
    
3
133
568

    
    
    
1
657
802
16
578
613
387
    
    
    
629
965

Surrender of common stock in connection with exercise of common
    stock warrant
    
    
(27
902
    
(30
971
    
    
    
(31
250

    
    
    
501
574
5
017
446
400
    
    
    
451
417

    
    
    
677
127
6
771
216
213
    
    
    
222
984

    
    
    
    
    
787
710
    
    
    
787
710

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

BALANCE
 MARCH 31
 2015
    
    
157
187
658
1
571
877
162
626
893
(143
361
711
(2
285
925
2
543
529
21
094
663

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
516
368
    
809
662
(1
706
706

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
92
131
    
92
131

Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs of $124
876
    
    
2
119
282
21
193
3
105
                                         920
    
    
    
3
127
113

    
    
    
1
079
602
10
796
364
184
    
    
    
374
980

    
    
    
88
235
    
119
118
    
    
    
120
000

    
    
    
    
    
(600
000
    
    
    
(600
000

    
    
    
    
    
1
250
556
    
    
    
1
250
556

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

BALANCE
 MARCH 31
 2016
    
    
160
474
777
1
604
748
166
866
671
(145
878
079
(2
193
794
3
353
191
23
752
737



financial statements.


    
    







    
Years&nbsp;ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(1
706
706
(3
473
913
(7
971
712

    
    
    
    

    
939
513
907
540
860
254

    
61
000
(49
984
133
726

    
177
127
166
942
161
178

    
    
    
5
392
594


 net
(129
152
288
178
(590
414

    
(18
667
    
502
518

    
190
867
4
564
284
962

    
1
370
556
787
710
393
914

    
200
000
281
000
200
000


 assets and liabilities:
    
    
    

    
85
040
(1
671
925
(1
959
593

    
135
471
(23
462
(193
680

    
(6
498
338
(7
223
601
(1
246
553

    
(117
258
77
587
(591
188

    
(92
260
(272
000
(188
867

    
3
163
818
1
321
722
(597
127

    
10
579
    
6
379

    
(625
812
27
642
(416
064

    
    
    
    

    
(1
147
516
(5
378
087
2
152
039

    
    
    
    

    
(2
854
222
(8
852
000
(5
819
673

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(466
462
(333
742
(234
693

    
(23
885
(160
109
(26
980


 at equity
(500
000
    
    

    
    
    
60
137

    
    
    
(5
940

    
    
    
    

    
(990
604
(494
780
(207
476

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
965
050
8
170
507
(4
548
284

    
(744
900
(1
270
100
(481
000

    
    
(1
250
000
1
250
000

    
    
    
2
125
000

    
(34
743
21
278
(73
797

    
3
251
989
3
319
915
4
531
643

    
(124
876
(186
347
(184
341

    
(600
000
    
    

    
    
598
715
3
848
332

    
374
980
222
984
25
976

    
    
    
    

    
4
087
500
9
626
952
6
493
529

    
    
    
    

    
(3
745
2
930
2
798

    
238
929
283
102
469
178

    
1
191
603
908
501
439
323

    
    
    
    

    
1
430
532
1
191
603
908
501

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
349
539

    
    
31
250
    


 and accrued interest thereon
 to common stock
    
451
417
    

    
    
    
    

    
894
099
937
973
867
782

    
1
079
387
293
525
14
848



financial statements.


    
    





ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES


 &mdash;
                                                                                                                                                The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Castle Brands Inc. (&ldquo;the Company&rdquo;)
 its wholly-owned domestic
                                                                                                                                                subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                Castle
                                                                                                                                                Brands
                                                                                                                                                (USA) Corp. (&ldquo;CB-USA&rdquo;) and McLain &amp; Kyne
 Ltd. (&ldquo;McLain &amp; Kyne&rdquo;)
 the
                                                                                                                                                Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&ldquo;CB-IRL&rdquo;) and Castle
                                                                                                                                                Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&rsquo;s 60% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle
                                                                                                                                                Partners
                                                                                                                                                Inc. (&ldquo;GCP&rdquo;)
 with adjustments for income or loss allocated based upon percentage of ownership. The accounts of
                                                                                                                                                the subsidiaries have been included as of the date of acquisition. All significant intercompany transactions and balances
                                                                                                                                                have been eliminated.



Organization
and operations
 marketing and sale of premium and super premium
rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
 tequila and related non-alcoholic beverage products in the United States
 Canada
 Europe and Asia.



 &mdash; Goslings rums
 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including
the award-winning Goslings Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside
of Bermuda
 and Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 an essential non-alcoholic ingredient in Goslings trademarked Dark &lsquo;n Stormy


 &mdash;Premium small batch bourbons:
Jefferson&rsquo;s
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Reserve
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Chef&rsquo;s Collaboration
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Ocean Aged at Sea
Jefferson&rsquo;s Wine Finish Collection
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Wood Experiments and Jefferson&rsquo;s Presidential Select
 Jefferson&rsquo;s
Rye
 an aged rye whiskey
 and Jefferson&rsquo;s The Manhattan: Barrel Finished Cocktail
 a ready-to-drink cocktail; the Clontarf
Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions; Knappogue Castle
Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; Knappogue Castle 1951
 a pure pot-still whiskey that has been aged
for 36 years
 and Knappogue Twin Wood
 the first Sherry Finished Knappogue Castle Whiskey.

 &mdash; Pallini Limoncello
 Raspicello
and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs
 pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement; Brady&rsquo;s Irish Cream
 a premium
Irish cream liqueur; Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; and Gozio amaretto
 a premium Italian liqueur
 pursuant to a U.S. distribution
agreement.

 &mdash; Boru vodka
 an ultra-pure
 five-times
distilled and specially filtered premium vodka. Boru is produced in Ireland.

 &mdash; a USDA certified organic
 super-premium
tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
which is available as blanco
 reposado and a&ntilde;ejo.


 &mdash; The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with a maturity at date of acquisition
of three months or less to be cash equivalents.


 - Equity investments are carried at original cost adjusted for the Company&rsquo;s proportionate
share of the investees&rsquo; income
 losses and distributions. The Company assesses the carrying value of its equity investments
when an indicator of a loss in value is present and records a loss in value of the investment when the assessment indicates that
an other-than-temporary decline in the investment exists. The Company classifies its equity earnings of equity investments as a
component of net income or loss.


 &mdash; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This
                                                                value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect anticipated losses on the trade
                                                                accounts receivable balances. The Company calculates this allowance based on its history of write-offs
 level of past due
                                                                accounts based on contractual terms of the receivables and its relationships with and economic status of its customers. For
                                                                the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the Company recorded an addition to allowances for doubtful accounts of
                                                                $61
000
                                                                 $236
000
                                                                and $403
409
 respectively.


 &mdash; Revenue from product sales is recognized when the product is shipped to a customer (generally
a distributor)
 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB
destination)
 and collection is reasonably assured. Revenue is not recognized on shipments to control states in the United States
until such time as product is sold through to the retail channel.


 &mdash; Inventories are comprised of distilled spirits
 bulk wine
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
corks and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
 and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method.
The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or
in excess of the Company&rsquo;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable
value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 expected future demand
and market requirements. A change to the carrying value of inventories is recorded in cost of goods sold. See Note 3.


    
    



 2016
 2015
and 2014
 the Company recorded an addition to allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $200
000
 $281
000 and
$200
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in
connection with the disposition of wine brands
 label and packaging changes made to certain brands
 as well as wine spoilage
and certain cost variances. The charges have been recorded as increases to Cost of Sales in the respective years.


 &mdash; Equipment consists of office equipment
 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets
are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or
loss is recognized in the statement of operations. Equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
lives of the assets ranging from three to five years.


 &mdash; Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price including related costs
over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill and other identifiable
intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if
circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their
respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis
 and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.


(&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 350
 &ldquo;Intangibles - Goodwill and
Other&rdquo;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable
reporting units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. An entity may first assess qualitative
factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. If determined to be necessary
the two-step impairment test shall be used. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future
operating results. Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different
results. The estimates that most significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of
sales
 selling and marketing expenses and discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying
amount of the reporting unit&rsquo;s net assets exceeds the unit&rsquo;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an
amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill
is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the
reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks
 trade names and formulations are indefinite lived
intangible assets not subject to amortization and are tested for impairment at least annually. The impairment test consists
of a comparison of the fair value of the asset group allocated to each reporting unit with its allocated carrying amount.



March 31
 2016 and 2015
 various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of each reporting unit were
identified
 including
 but not limited to: prior years&rsquo; impairment testing results
 budget to actual results
Company-specific facts and circumstances
 industry developments
 and the economic environment. Based on this assessment
 the
Company determined that no quantitative assessment was required. 


 &mdash; Under ASC 310
 &ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal
of Long-lived Assets&rdquo;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the
carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying
amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. There were no impairments recorded
during the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014.


 &mdash; The Company reflects as inventory costs freight-in and related external handling charges
relating to the purchase of raw materials and finished goods. These costs are charged to cost of sales at the time the underlying
product is sold. The Company also incurs shipping costs in connection with its various marketing activities
 including the shipment
of point of sale materials to the Company&rsquo;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection
with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $2
635
430
$2
574
471 and $1
879
881 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.


 &mdash; Excise taxes and duty are computed at standard rates based on alcohol proof per gallon/liter
and are paid after finished goods are imported into the United States or other relevant jurisdiction and then transferred out of
&ldquo;bond.&rdquo; Excise taxes and duty are recorded to inventory as a component of the cost of the underlying finished goods.
When the underlying products are sold &ldquo;ex warehouse&rdquo;
 the sales price reflects the taxes paid and the inventoried excise
taxes and duties are charged to cost of sales.


 &mdash; The Company incurs charges from its distributors for a variety of
transactions and services rendered by the distributor
 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as
incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular
product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined
discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases
 the cost of the promotional goods is charged to cost of sales and dollars
off invoice are a reduction to revenue.


    
    



 &mdash; The functional currency for the Company&rsquo;s foreign operations is the Euro in Ireland and
the British Pound in the United Kingdom. Under ASC 830
 &ldquo;Foreign Currency Matters&rdquo;
 the translation from the applicable
foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet
date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments
are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are shown
as a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations.


 &mdash; ASC 825
 &ldquo;Financial Instruments&rdquo;
 defines the fair value of
a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties
and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference
between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&rsquo;s balance sheets due to the short
term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&rsquo;s debt
 as compared to the current borrowing rates available
to the Company.


value in accordance with authoritative guidance
 which accomplishes the following key objectives:

Defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date;








of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. A financial instrument&rsquo;s categorization within
the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The three levels
of the valuation hierarchy are as follows:

Level 1 &mdash; inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active
markets.

Level 2 &mdash; inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
and inputs that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability for substantially the full term of the financial
instrument.




 &mdash; Under ASC 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes&rdquo;
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for
the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and
liabilities and their respective tax basis. A valuation allowance is provided to the extent a deferred tax asset is not considered
recoverable.


and has recognized no adjustment for uncertain tax provisions. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain
tax positions in general and administrative expense.


 &mdash; The costs of research
 development and product improvement are charged to expense
as incurred and are included in selling expense.


 &mdash; Advertising costs are expensed when the advertising first appears in its respective medium. Advertising
expense
 which is included in selling expense
 was $4
960
301
 $3
184
392 and $2
052
819 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015
and 2014
 respectively.


 &mdash; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting
for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based
compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
 amortization and expense accruals.



    
    



 &mdash; In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting
 which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including
the accounting for income taxes and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash
flows. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the
new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash
flows and financial condition.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases.
The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the
balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification
affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period
presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the new
guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows
and financial condition.

In
January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
 Financial Instruments&mdash;Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
 which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial
instruments. Changes to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity investments
 financial liabilities under
the fair value option
 and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition
 the ASU clarifies
guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on
available-for-sale debt securities. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December
15
 2017
 and upon adoption
 an entity should apply the amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet
at the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. Early adoption is not permitted except for the
provision to record fair value changes for financial liabilities under the fair value option resulting from instrument-specific
The
Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s
results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-16
 Business
Combination (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments
 which requires adjustments to provisional
amounts initially recorded in a business combination that are identified during the measurement period to be recognized in the
reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. This includes any effect on earnings of changes in depreciation
amortization
 or other income effects as a result of the change to the provisional amounts
 calculated as if the accounting had
been completed at the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 also requires the disclosure of the nature and amount of measurement-period
adjustments recognized in the current period
 including separately the amounts in current-period income statement line items that
would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the
acquisition date. The guidance is effective for the Company beginning April 1
 2016. The Company will apply the guidance prospectively
for all business combinations that occur subsequent to the adoption date.


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory
(Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
 which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of
cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices in the
ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new guidance must
be applied on a prospective basis and is effective for periods beginning after April 1
 2017
 with early adoption permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s
results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
 which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt
liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent
with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected. Upon adoption
 the
Company will apply the new guidance on a retrospective basis and adjust the balance sheet of each individual period presented
to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning
April 1
 2016. In June
 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15
 Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30):
Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to
SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting. This update addresses presentation and
subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of credit arrangements. Commitment fees paid to the lender
represent the benefit of being able to access capital over the contractual term
 and therefore
 are not in the scope of the
new guidance and it is appropriate to present such fees as an asset on the balance sheet
 regardless of whether or not there
are outstanding borrowings under the revolver. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact
the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue
from Contracts with Customers
 to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue. This guidance includes the required steps to
achieve the core principle that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating
the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
cash flows and financial condition.



    
    



 &mdash; In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17&mdash;Balance Sheet Classification
of Deferred Taxes. As part of the FASB's accounting simplification initiative
 ASU 2015-17 removes the requirement to separate
deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts in a classified statement of financial position.
Instead
 the update requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of
financial position. ASU 2015-17 is effective for entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 with retrospective
application to all periods presented. Early adoption is permitted
 and the Company adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending March 31
 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on
the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.

BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER COMMON
SHARE


loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common share is computed
giving effect to all potentially dilutive common shares that were outstanding during the period that are not anti-dilutive. Potentially
dilutive common shares consist of incremental shares issuable upon exercise of stock options and warrants or conversion of convertible
notes outstanding. In computing diluted net loss per share for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 no adjustment has
been made to the weighted average outstanding common shares as the assumed exercise of outstanding options and warrants and the
assumed conversion of convertible notes is anti-dilutive.


net loss per share are as follows:



    
Years&nbsp;ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
13
508
086
11
988
188
11
174
007

    
    
120
000
1
777
802

    
1
861
111
1
861
111
2
361
111

    
    
    
    

    
15
369
197
13
969
299
15
312
920






    



    
    
    

    
11
976
561
9
250
893

    
15
256
761
11
817
348

    
    
    

    
27
233
322
21
068
241



 2016 and 2015
 11% and 10%
 respectively
 of
raw materials and 5% and 4%
 respectively
 of finished goods were located outside of the United States.


 2016
 2015
and 2014
 the Company acquired $5
441
432
 $5
333
763 and $3
343
500 of aged bourbon whiskey
 respectively
 in support of its anticipated
near and mid-term needs.


inventory based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 expected future demand and market
requirements.


or market.



Investment in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc.
 consolidated


 2016
 2015 and 2014
 GCP had pretax
net income on a stand-alone basis of $3
475
006
 $814
573 and $2
337
759
 respectively. The Company allocated 40% of this net income
or $1
390
002
 $325
829 and $935
035
 to non-controlling interest for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.
Combined with the effects of income tax expense
 net
 allocated to noncontrolling interests as described in Note 1.Q Income Taxes
the cumulative balance allocated to noncontrolling interests in GCP was $3
353
191 and $2
543
529 at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
as shown on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.


    
    



 GCP declared and paid a $1
500
000 cash dividend
to its shareholders. The Company recorded 60% of this dividend
 or $900
000
 as a return of capital and a reduction of its investment
in GCP
 and allocated 40% of this dividend
 or $600
000
 to noncontrolling interests and a reduction in the additional paid-in
capital of GCP.

Investment in Copperhead Distillery
Company
 equity method


 CB-USA purchased 20% of Copperhead
Distillery Company (&ldquo;Copperhead&rdquo;) for $500
000. Copperhead owns and operates the Kentucky Artisan Distillery. The investment
was part of an agreement to build a new warehouse to store Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons
 provide distilling capabilities using special
mash-bills made from locally grown grains and create a visitor center and store to enhance the consumer experience for the Jefferson&rsquo;s
brand. The investment has been used for the construction of a new warehouse in Crestwood
 Kentucky dedicated to the storage of
Jefferson&rsquo;s whiskies. The Company has accounted for this investment under the equity method of accounting. For the initial
period ended March 31
 2016
 the Company recognized $18
667 of income from this investment. The investment balance was $518
667
at March 31
 2016.

EQUIPMENT
 NET





    



    
    
    

    
2
796
064
2
434
340

    
112
676
40
898

    
42
730
    

    
    
    

    
2
951
470
2
475
238

    
2
075
215
1
809
865

    
    
    

    
876
255
665
373



 2016
 2015
and 2014 totaled $280
702
 $249
683 and $204
180
 respectively.




226 at each of March
31
 2016 and 2015.





    



    
    
    

    
170
000
170
000

    
631
693
631
693

    
8
271
555
8
271
555

    
185
207
161
321

    
994
000
994
000

    
55
460
55
460

    
10
307
915
10
284
029

    
7
372
585
6
713
774

    
    
    

    
2
935
330
3
570
255

    
4
112
972
4
112
972

    
7
048
302
7
683
227






    



    
    
    

    
170
000
170
000

    
331
366
295
956

    
6
065
111
5
513
162

    
29
188
24
002

    
776
920
710
654

    
    
    

    
7
372
585
6
713
774



    
    



&mdash; indefinite lived consists of product formulations and the Company&rsquo;s relationships with its distillers.


 2016
 2015
and 2014 totaled $658
811
 $655
769 and $654
005
 respectively.


five fiscal years is as follows:





    

    
660
690

    
660
566

    
642
233

    
602
578

    
49
585

    
    

    
2
615
652





 2016 and 2015
 the Company had &euro;303
890 or
$345
076 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) and &euro;303
657 or $329
471 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange
rate)
 respectively
 of cash restricted from withdrawal and held by a bank in Ireland as collateral for overdraft coverage
 creditors&rsquo;
insurance
 customs and excise guaranty and a revolving credit facility as described in Note 8A below.





    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
34
141

    
211
580
211
580

    
12
088
594
10
123
544

    
    
744
900

    
1
675
000
1
675
000

    
    
    

    
13
975
174
12
789
165



The Company has arranged various facilities aggregating &euro;303
890 or $345
076 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange
rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&rsquo; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving
credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
and call for interest at the lender&rsquo;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable
totaled &euro;0 and &euro;31
466 or $34
141 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate)
 at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.


In December 2009
 GCP issued a promissory note (the &ldquo;GCP Note&rdquo;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to
Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April
1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and
paid at maturity. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to affiliates. At March
31
 2016 and 2015
 $211
580 of principal due on the GCP Note was included in long-term liabilities.


In August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (&ldquo;Keltic&rdquo;)
which
 as amended
 provides for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a facility of up to $19.0 million (the
&ldquo;Credit Facility&rdquo;) for the purpose of providing the Company with working capital.


 the Company and CB-USA entered
into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &ldquo;Amended Agreement&rdquo;) with ACF FinCo I LP
(&ldquo;ACF&rdquo;)
 as successor in interest to Keltic
 in order to amend certain terms of the Credit Facility and the Bourbon
Term Loan (defined below). Among other changes
 the Amended Agreement modified certain aspects of the existing Credit Facility
including increasing the maximum amount of the Credit Facility from $8
000
000 to $12
000
000 and increasing the inventory sub-limit
from $4
000
000 to $6
000
000. In addition
 the term of the Credit Facility was extended from December 31
 2016 to July 31
 2019.
The Credit Facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.00%
 (b) the
LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%. As of March 31
 2016
 the Credit Facility interest rate was 6.00%. The monthly facility fee
is 0.75% per annum of the maximum Credit Facility. The Amended Agreement contains EBITDA targets allowing for further interest
rate reductions in the future. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $120
000 amendment fee in connection with the execution of the
Amended Agreement.


    
    



 the Company and
CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers of the Company
and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Operating Officer
 T. Kelley Spillane
 the Company&rsquo;s Senior
Vice President - Global Sales
 and Alfred J. Small
 the Company&rsquo;s Senior Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer
and Secretary
 (b) certain participants in the Bourbon Term Loan and (c) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including Frost
Gamma Investments Trust
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark
E. Andrews
 III
 a director of the Company and the Company&rsquo;s Chairman
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 a director of the
Company and the Company&rsquo;s President and Chief Executive Officer
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 a former director of the
Company
 Dennis Scholl
 a former director of the Company
 and Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder of the Company
 of
which Richard Lampen is an executive officer
 Henry Beinstein
 a director of the Company
 is a director and Phillip Frost M.D.
is a principal shareholder
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each
officer
 the Company
 CB-USA and ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic; (ii) an Amended and Restated Term Note; and (iii) an
Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note.


 on September
22
 2014
 ACF entered into an amendment to that certain Subordination Agreement
 dated as of August 7
 2013 (as amended
 the &ldquo;Subordination
Agreement&rdquo;)
 by and among ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic
 and certain junior lenders to the Company; neither the
Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Subordination Agreement.


 the Company and CB-USA entered into
a First Amendment (the &ldquo;Loan Agreement Amendment&rdquo;) to the Amended Agreement. Among other changes
 the Loan Agreement
Amendment increased the amount of the Credit Facility from $12
000
000 to $19
000
000
 including a sublimit in the maximum principal
amount of $7
000
000 to permit the Company to acquire aged whiskey inventory (the &ldquo;Purchased Inventory Sublimit&rdquo;) subject
to certain conditions set forth in the Amended Agreement. The maturity date remained unchanged at July 31
 2019. The Company and
CB-USA are permitted to prepay the Credit Facility in whole or the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 in whole or in part
 subject to
certain prepayment penalties as set forth in the Loan Agreement Amendment. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit replaces the Bourbon
Term Loan
 which was paid in full in the normal course of business. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit interest rate is the rate
that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March
31
 2016
 the interest rate applicable to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit was 7.75%. The monthly facility fee remains 0.75% per
annum of the maximum principal amount of the Credit Facility (excluding the Purchased Inventory Sublimit). Also
 the Company must
pay a monthly facility fee of $2
000 with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit until all obligations with respect thereof
are fully paid and performed. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $45
000 commitment fee in connection with the Loan Agreement Amendment.


 the
Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers of
the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 T. Kelley Spillane and Alfred J. Small and (b) certain junior lenders to the Company
including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
Dennis Scholl and Vector Group Ltd.
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among
each officer
 the Company
 CB-USA and ACF and (ii) an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note.


the Loan Agreement Amendment that ACF enter into a participation agreement with certain related parties of the Company
 including
Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small
 to allow for the sale of participation
interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. The participation agreement
provides that ACF&rsquo;s commitment to fund each advance of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit shall be limited to seventy percent
(70%)
 up to an aggregate maximum principal amount for all advances equal to $4
900
000. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party
to the participation agreement. However
 the Company and CB-USA are party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including
the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Company and CB-USA were obligated to pay the junior participants a
closing fee of $18
000 on the effective date of the Loan Agreement Amendment and are obligated to pay a commitment fee of $18
000
on each anniversary of the effective date until the junior participants&rsquo; obligations are terminated pursuant to the participation
agreement.


and collectively as the Borrower. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement Amendment
 the Company and CB-USA may borrow up to the lesser
of (x) $19
000
000 and (y) the sum of the borrowing base calculated in accordance with the Amended Agreement and the Purchased
Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 6% through August 9
 2015
 then 5.75% through
December 15
 2015
 then 6% through March 31
 2016. For the year ended March 31
 2015
 the Company paid interest at 6.0%. For the
year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 7.5% through December 15
 2015
 and then at 7.75% through March 31
 2016
on the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily
unpaid principal amount of the Credit Facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &ldquo;Default&rdquo; or
&ldquo;Event of Default&rdquo; (as defined under the Amended Agreement)
 the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that
is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Credit Facility interest rate. There have been no Events of Default under the Credit
Facility. ACF also receives a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during
the continuance of an Event of Default) in addition to the facility fee with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. The Amended
Agreement contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations
and affirmative and negative covenants. The Amended Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the
Borrower&rsquo;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens and make distributions or cash dividends.
The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement Amendment are secured by the grant of a pledge and security interest in
all of the assets of the Borrower. At March 31
 2016
 the Company was in compliance
 in all respects
 with the covenants under
the Amended Agreement.



    
    



 the Company used $3
000
000 of
the Purchased Inventory Sublimit to acquire aged bourbon inventory. Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($150
000)
 Mark E.
Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 Richard J. Lampen ($100
000) and Alfred J. Small ($15
000) each acquired participation interests in
the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. Under the terms of the participation
agreement
 the participants receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $12
088
594 and
$10
123
544
 respectively
 due on the Credit Facility was included in long-term liabilities. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
there was $6
911
406 and $1
876
456
 respectively
 in potential availability under the Credit Facility.


In March 2013
 the Company and CB-USA entered into
an inventory term loan of $2
496
000 (the &ldquo;Bourbon Term Loan&rdquo;) that was used to purchase&nbsp;bourbon inventory on
March 11
 2013. In August 2013
 the Bourbon Term Loan was amended to provide the Company with the ability to increase the maximum
aggregate principal amount of the Bourbon Term Loan from $2
500
000 to up to $4
000
000 to finance the purchase of aged whiskies
following the identification of junior participants to purchase a portion of the increased Bourbon Term Loan amount. The Bourbon
Term Loan interest rate was the rate that
 when annualized
 was the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate
plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2015




Term Loan that Keltic had entered into a participation agreement (the &ldquo;Participation Agreement&rdquo;) providing for an initial
aggregate amount of $750
000 of the Bourbon Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company
purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Bourbon Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000) and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000) (amounts shown are initial purchase amounts). Under
the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants received interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company
nor CB-USA was a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower was party to a fee letter with the junior participants
(including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower was obligated to pay the junior participants an
aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
000.


notes payable totaled $744
900 at March 31
 2015. In May 2015
 the Bourbon Term Loan was paid in full in accordance with its terms.


In October 2013
 the Company entered into a 5% Convertible
Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Note Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with the purchasers party thereto
 under which
the Company issued an aggregate initial principal amount of $2
125
000 of unsecured subordinated notes (the &ldquo;Convertible
Notes&rdquo;). The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
 until their maturity date of
December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 are convertible in whole or in part from time
to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a conversion price of $0.90 per
share (the &ldquo;Conversion Price&rdquo;). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty
or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of
default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each note holder to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued
and unpaid interest on




related parties of the Company
 including an affiliate of Dr. Phillip Frost ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 an affiliate
of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn ($200
000)
 Dennis Scholl ($100
000)
 and Vector Group Ltd. ($200
000).


of the Convertible Notes and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon if (i) the average daily volume of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock (as reported on the principal market or exchange on which the common stock is listed or quoted for trading) exceeds $50
000
per trading day and (ii) the volume weighted average price of the common stock for at least twenty (20) trading days during any
thirty (30) consecutive trading day period exceeds 250% of the then-current Conversion Price. Any forced conversion will be applied
ratably to the holders of all Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement based on each holder&rsquo;s then-current
note holdings.


 each
purchaser of the Convertible Notes was required to execute a joinder to the subordination agreement
 by and among ACF and certain
other junior lenders to the Company; the Company is not a party to the Subordination Agreement.


 2015
 Convertible Note
holders converted $450
000 of Convertible Notes and $1
417 of accrued interest thereon into 501
574 shares of common stock. At each
of March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $1
675
000 of principal due on the Convertible Notes was included in long-term liabilities
 respectively.


    
    








    

    
    

    
    

    
1
675
000

    
12
088
594

    
211
580

    
    

    
    

    
13
975
174




 &mdash; In November 2014
the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the &quot;2014 Distribution Agreement&quot;) with Barrington Research
Associates
 Inc. (&quot;Barrington&quot;)
 as sales agent
 under which the Company may issue and sell over time and from time to
time
 to or through Barrington
 shares (the &quot;Shares&quot;) of its common stock&nbsp;having a gross sales price of up to $10
000
000.


if any
 may be effected by any method permitted by law deemed to be an &quot;at-the-market&quot; offering as defined in Rule 415
of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 including without limitation directly on the NYSE MKT LLC or any other existing trading
market for the common stock or through a market maker
 up to the amount specified
 and otherwise to or through Barrington in accordance
with the placement notices delivered by the Company to Barrington. Also
 with the prior consent of the Company
 some of the&nbsp;Shares
may be sold in privately negotiated transactions. Under the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 Barrington will be entitled to compensation
of 2.0 % of the gross proceeds from the sale of all of the Shares sold through Barrington
 as sales agent
 pursuant to the 2014
Distribution Agreement. Also
 the Company will reimburse Barrington for certain expenses incurred in connection with the matters
contemplated by the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 up to an aggregate of $50
000
 plus up to an additional $7
500 per calendar quarter
related to ongoing maintenance; provided
 however
 that such reimbursement amount shall not exceed 8% of the aggregate gross proceeds
received by the Company under the 2014 Distribution Agreement.


 2016
 the Company sold
2
119
282 Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $3
251
989
 before deducting sales
agent and issuance costs of $124
876. 


 2015
 the Company sold
1
290
581 Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $2
088
674
 before deducting sales agent
and offering expenses of $122
149.


 the Company entered into an Equity Distribution
Agreement (the &quot;2013 Distribution Agreement&quot;) with Barrington
 as sales agent
 under which the Company could issue and
sell over time and from time to time
 to or through Barrington
 Shares of its common stock&nbsp;having a gross sales price of up
to $6.0 million.


 2014
 the Company sold 1
247
343
Shares pursuant to the 2013 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $1
231
241
 before deducting sales agent and offering
expenses of $64
198. No Shares were sold in the nine-month period from July 1
 2014 through March 31
 2015 under the 2013 Distribution
Agreement.


the expiration of the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-3 under which the shares were sold.

 &ndash; Holders of the Company&rsquo;s
10% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 par value $0.01 per share (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;) were entitled to receive
cumulative dividends at the rate per share (as a percentage of the stated value of $1
000 per share) of 10% per annum
 whether
or not declared by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 which were only payable in shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock or upon a liquidation. For the year ended March 31
 2014
 the Company recorded
accrued dividends of $384
599
 included as an increase in the accumulated deficit and in additional paid-in capital on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets.


 2014
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
approved the mandatory conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to their terms
 effective
on or about February 24
 2014. Pursuant to the mandatory conversion
 all 6
271 outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and accrued dividends thereon
 converted into 25
760
881 shares of common stock.

 &mdash; In the period prior
to the February 11
 2014 mandatory conversion
 holders of Series A Preferred Stock converted 430 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and accrued dividends thereon
 into 1
704
729 shares of common stock.

 - In the year ended March
31
 2015
 Convertible Note holders converted $450
000 of Convertible Notes and $1417 of accrued interest thereon into 501
574 shares
of common stock.

 - In September 2015
 GCP declared
and paid a $1
500
000 cash dividend to its shareholders. The Company allocated 40% of this dividend
 or $600
000
 to non-controlling
interests. No dividends were declared or paid in the year ended March 31
 2015.


    
    





to reduce its exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. The Company recognizes in the balance sheet derivative contracts at fair
value
 and reflects any net gains and losses currently in earnings. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company had no forward contracts
outstanding. Gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts
 which was de minimis during the periods presented
 is included
in other income and expense.




 &ldquo;Income
Taxes&rdquo;
 which requires the recognition of tax benefits or expense on the temporary differences between the tax basis and
book basis of its assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those differences are expected to be recovered or settled.


and state tax jurisdictions. The Company has various foreign subsidiaries for which tax years 2010 through 2016 remain open to
examination in certain foreign tax jurisdictions.


31
 2016 and 2015 and the Company&rsquo;s income tax benefit for the year ended March 31
 2014 consist of federal
 state and local
taxes attributable to GCP
 which does not file a consolidated income tax return with the Company
 and foreign taxes. As of March
31
 2016
 the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $83
960
000 for U.S. tax purposes
 which expire
through 2036
 and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $20
100
000
 which carry forward without limit of time.
Utilization of the U.S. tax losses may be limited by the &ldquo;change of ownership&rdquo; rules as set forth in section 382 of
the Internal Revenue Code.


 on a financial statement basis
 from foreign
sources totaled $129
814 for the year ended March 31
 2016
 $90
466 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and $168
233 for the year
ended March 31
 2014.


subsidiaries at March 31
 2016 and 2015.


following:




    
    
    
    

    
 2016:
    
    
    

    
1
183
000
397
000
1
580
000

    
(148
152
19
000
(129
152

    
1
034
848
416
000
1
450
848

    
    
    
    

    
 2015:
    
    
    

    
608
589
382
232
990
821

    
214
958
73
220
288
178

    
823
547
455
452
1
278
999

    
    
    
    

    
 2014:
    
    
    

    
    
31
068
31
068

    
(550
482
(71
000
(621
482

    
(550
482
(39
932
(590
414



 2015 the Company incurred $19
501
in interest and penalties which has been included in general and administrative expense on the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations.


and the federal statutory rate of 34%.



    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 at 34%
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    
    



the reconciliation of the effective income tax rate to conform to the current year presentation.


 the Company recorded
a deferred tax liability on the ascribed value of the acquired intangible assets of $2
222
222
 increasing the value of the asset.
The deferred tax liability is being reversed over the amortization period of the intangible asset (15&nbsp;years).


tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented below.



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
144
000
74
000

    
103
000
67
000

    
857
000
588
000

    
679
000
522
000

    
33
585
000
32
676
000

    
2
003
000
1
990
000

    
2
000
2
000

    
    
    

    
37
373
000
35
919
000

    
(37
355
000
(35
882
000

    
    
    

    
18
000
37
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(629
444
(629
444

    
(592
556
(740
708

    
    
    

    
(1
222
000
(1
370
152



temporary differences that  give rise to deferred
tax assets and deferred tax liabilities to conform to the current year presentation.



 2013
 the Company recorded a full valuation
allowance against its deferred tax assets as it believed it was more likely than not that such deferred tax assets would not be
realized. The Company released its deferred tax asset valuation allowance allocated to GCP as of March 31
 2014 due to management&rsquo;s
determination that it was &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; that the GCP&rsquo;s deferred tax assets would be realized. &ldquo;More
likely than not&rdquo; is defined as greater than 50% probability of occurrence. Management considered the guidance in paragraphs
21-23 of ASC 740-10-30 in forming its conclusion. A determination as to the ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is
dependent upon management&rsquo;s judgment and evaluation of both positive and negative evidence
 forecasts of future taxable income
applicable tax planning strategies
 and an assessment of current and future economic and business conditions. In 2014
 GCP was
in a position of cumulative profitability on a pre-tax basis
 considering its operating results for the three years ended March
31
 2014. Management concluded that this record of cumulative profitability in recent years
 in addition to a long range forecast
showing continued profitability for GCP
 provided sufficient positive evidence that the net U.S. federal tax benefits more likely
than not would be realized. Accordingly
 in the year ended March 31
 2014
 the Company released the valuation allowance against
GCP&rsquo;s net federal deferred assets
 resulting in a $473
330 benefit in provision for income taxes for the year ended March
31
 2014. The Company recognized the $473
330 benefit in provision for income taxes as an expense for the year ended March 31
2015. In addition
 at March 31
 2014
 the Company changed its estimate of the cumulative deferred tax asset allocated to the amortization
of intangibles. The Company&rsquo;s income tax benefit and effective tax rate for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
reflect the impact of this valuation allowance reversal and change in estimate.


31
 2016 and 2015 was approximately $37
355
000 and $35
882
000
 respectively. The net change in the total valuation allowance
for the years ended March 31
 2016 and 2015 was $1
473
000 and $1
163
000
 respectively. The Company does not offset its deferred
tax assets and liabilities because its deferred tax assets and liabilities are in different taxable entities which do not file
consolidated returns.




 &mdash; In July&nbsp;2003
 the Company implemented the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2003
Plan&rdquo;)
 which provides for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights
for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. Stock option grants under the Plan
are granted with an exercise price at or above the fair market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant
 generally
vest over a three to five year period and expire ten years after the grant date.


    
    



 there were 2
000
000 shares of common
stock available for distribution under the 2003 Plan. In January&nbsp;2009
 the Company&rsquo;s shareholders approved an amendment
to the 2003 Plan to increase the number of shares available under the 2003 Plan from 2
000
000 to 12
000
000 and to establish the
maximum number of shares issuable to any one individual in any particular year. As of August 2013
 no new awards may be issued
under the 2003 Plan.


 the Company&rsquo;s
shareholders approved the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan (&ldquo;2013 Plan&rdquo;) which provides for an aggregate of
10
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s stock for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and
stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. As
of March 31
 2016
 5
233
000 shares had been issued under the 2013 Plan
 with 4
767
000 shares remaining available
for issuance.


March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014 amounted to $1
370
556
 $787
710 and $393
914
 respectively
 of which $493
666
 $178
137 and $81
567
respectively
 is included in selling expense and $876
890
 $609
573 and $312
347
 respectively
 is included in general and administrative
expense for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. At March 31
 2016
 total unrecognized compensation cost
amounted to approximately $3
199
593
 representing 5
576
273 unvested options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of 2.25&nbsp;years. There were 1
079
602
 677
127 options and 80
758 options exercised during the years ended March 31
2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The Company did not recognize any related tax benefit for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015
and 2014
 as the effects were de minimis.

 &mdash; A summary of the options
outstanding under the 2003 and 2013 Plans is as follows:



    
    
    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
11
988
188
    
11
174
007
    
8
120
765
    

    
2
622
500
    
2
525
000
    
3
300
000
    

    
(1
079
602
    
(677
127
    
(80
758
    

    
(23
000
    
(1
033
692
    
(166
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
13
508
086
    
11
988
188
    
11
174
007
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
7
931
813
    
7
064
133
    
5
511
447
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    



to options outstanding and exercisable at March 31
 2016:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
326
900
    
326
900
    
235
437

    
7
757
186
    
6
549
913
    
3
954
614

    
2
273
500
    
529
000
    
    

    
3
027
500
    
403
000
    
    

    
17
000
    
17
000
    
    

    
98
500
    
98
500
    
    

    
7
500
    
7
500
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
13
508
086
    
7
931
813
    
4
190
051



 2016
were 7
931
813. The weighted average exercise price of these options was $0.53. The weighted average remaining life of the options
outstanding was 6.46&nbsp;years and of the options exercisable was 5.10&nbsp;years.


Company&rsquo;s unvested options for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2013
3
871
807
    

    
    
    

    
3
300
000
    

    
(10
000
    

    
(1
499
247
    

    
    
    


 2014
5
662
560
    

    
    
    

    
2
525
000
    

    
(954
083
    

    
(2
309
422
    

    
    
    


 2015
4
924
055
    

    
    
    

    
2
622
500
    

    
(12
000
    

    
(1
958
282
    

    
    
    


 2016
5
576
273
    



Plans is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and is affected by assumptions regarding a number
of complex and subjective variables. The use of an option pricing model also requires the use of a number of complex assumptions
including expected volatility
 risk-free interest rate
 expected dividends
 and expected term. Expected volatility is based on
the Company&rsquo;s historical volatility and the volatility of a peer group of companies over the expected life of the option.
The expected term and vesting of the options represents the estimated period of time until exercise. The expected term was determined
using the simplified method available under current guidance. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve
in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the option. The Company has not paid dividends on its common stock in the
past and does not plan to pay any dividends on its common stock in the near future. Current authoritative guidance also requires
the Company to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revise these estimates
 if necessary
 in subsequent periods if actual
forfeitures differ from those estimates. The Company estimates forfeitures based on its expectation of future experience while
considering its historical experience.


    
    



the Black-Scholes option pricing model utilizing the following weighted average assumptions:




    
March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
1.39%
- 1.81
1.47%
- 1.76
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
65%
- 76

    
    
    
    



Warrants



2011 Warrants issued in connection
with the Series A Preferred Stock


Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;2011 Warrants&rdquo;) had an exercise price of $0.38 per share
 subject to adjustment
 and&nbsp;were
exercisable for a period of five years.&nbsp;The exercise price of the 2011 Warrants was equal to 125% of the conversion price
of the Series A Preferred Stock.


in June 2011 in the consolidated financial statements as a liability&nbsp;at their initial fair value of $487
022 and accounted
for the 2011 Warrants issued in October 2011 as a liability&nbsp;at their initial fair value of $780
972. Changes in the fair value
of the 2011 Warrants were recognized in earnings for each subsequent reporting period. In November 2013
 in accordance with certain
terms of the 2011 Warrants
 the down-round provisions included in the terms of the warrant ceased to be in force or effect as a
result of the historical volume weighted average price and trading volume of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The Company then
reclassed the fair value of the outstanding warrant liability of $6
187
968 to equity
 resulting in an increase to additional paid-in
capital.


 2014 the Company recorded
a loss&nbsp;on the change in the value of the 2011 Warrants of $5
392
594.


under the valuation hierarchy and was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model utilizing the following assumptions:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


 &ndash; On April 2
2014
 the Company called for the cancellation of all 1
657
802 unexercised 2011 Warrants pursuant to the terms of such 2011 Warrants
after satisfying applicable conditions. Pursuant to the call for cancellation
 holders of all 1
657
802 unexercised 2011 Warrants
exercised such 2011 Warrants and received 1
657
802 shares of common stock. The Company received $629
965 in cash upon the exercise
of these warrants. In the year ended March 31
 2014
 holders of 2011 Warrants exercised 10
127
123 2011 Warrants and received shares
of common stock. The Company received $3
848
332 in cash upon the exercise of these warrants. These exercised warrants had a weighted
average fair market value of $0.50 at exercise date.


 2016
 120
000 warrant
shares expired unexercised.


    
    



warrants for the periods presented:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 March 31
 2013
11
904
925
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(10
127
123
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 March&nbsp;31
 2014
1
777
802
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
657
802
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 March 31
 2015
120
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(120
000
    

    
    
    


 March 31
 2016
    
    





Pallini S.p.A. (&ldquo;Pallini&rdquo;)
 as successor in interest to I.L.A.R. S.p.A.
 is a shareholder in the Company and one
of the officers of Pallini served as a director of the Company until March 26
 2015. In January 2011
 CB-USA entered into an agreement
(&quot;New Agreement&quot;) with Pallini regarding the importation and distribution of certain Pallini brand products. The terms
of the New Agreement were effective as of April 1
 2010.


1
 2015.


 2015 and 2014
 the Company
purchased goods from Pallini for $3
840
446 and $3
467
812
 respectively. As of March 31
 2015 and 2014
 Pallini owed the Company
$138
750 and $115
288
 respectively
 for its share of marketing expense
 which is included in due from shareholders and affiliates
on the consolidated balance sheet. As of March 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company was indebted to Pallini for $511
146 and $229
557
respectively
 which is included in due to shareholders and affiliates on the consolidated balance sheet.




In November&nbsp;2008
 the Company entered into a management services agreement with Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder
under which Vector Group agreed to make available to the Company the services of Richard J. Lampen
 Vector Group&rsquo;s executive
vice president
 effective October&nbsp;11
 2008 to serve as the Company&rsquo;s president and chief executive officer and to provide
certain other financial and accounting services
 including assistance with complying with Section&nbsp;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. In consideration for such services
 the Company agreed to pay Vector Group an annual fee of $100
000
 plus any direct
out-of-pocket costs
 fees and other expenses incurred by Vector Group or Mr.&nbsp;Lampen in connection with providing such services
and to indemnify Vector Group for any liabilities arising out of the provision of the services. The agreement is terminable by
either party upon 30&nbsp;days&rsquo; prior written notice. For the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 Vector Group was
paid $85
396
 $135
475 and $104
746
 respectively
 under this agreement. These charges have been included in general and administrative
expense.


In November&nbsp;2008
 the Company entered into an agreement to reimburse Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. (&ldquo;LTS&rdquo;)
for its costs in providing certain administrative
 legal and financial services to the Company. For the years ended March 31
 2016
2015 and 2014
 LTS was paid $131
054
 $210
875 and $126
000
 respectively
 under this agreement. Mr.&nbsp;Lampen
 the Company&rsquo;s
president and chief executive officer and a director
 is the president and chief executive officer and a director of LTS and four
other directors of the Company serve as directors of LTS
 including Phillip Frost
 M.D. who is the Chairman and principal shareholder
of LTS.


As described in Note 8C
 in March 2013
 the Company entered into a Participation Agreement with certain related parties. As
described in Notes 8D and 8E
 in August and October 2013
 the Company entered into various notes with certain related parties.




The Company has entered into a supply agreement with an Irish distiller  (&ldquo;Irish Distillery&rdquo;)
 which
                                                                provides                                                                 for
                                                                the production of blended Irish whiskeys for the Company
                                                                until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with
                                                                the terms of the agreement. The Irish Distillery may terminate the contract if it provides at least six years prior
                                                                notice to the                                                                 Company
                                                                except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company
                                                                provides                                                                  the Irish Distillery with a forecast of the
                                                                estimated amount of liters of pure
                                                                alcohol it requires for the next four fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 90% of that amount
 subject to certain
                                                                annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June 30
 2016
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately
                                                                &euro;883
673 or $946
661&nbsp;(translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which
                                                                &euro;783
469
&nbsp;or $889
653
&nbsp;has been purchased as of March 31
 2016. For the contract year ending June 30
 2017
                                                                the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &euro;900
386 or $1
022
415 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange
                                                                rate) in bulk Irish whiskey. The Company is not obligated to pay  the Irish Distillery for any product not yet received.
                                                                During the term of                                                                 this supply agreement
  the Irish
                                                                Distillery has the right                                                                 to limit additional purchases above
                                                                the commitment amount.


    
    



The Company has also entered into a supply agreement with  the Irish Distillery
 which provides for the production of single malt Irish whiskeys
for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. The Irish Distillery may terminate
the contract if it provides at least thirteen years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company
provides the Irish Distillery with a forecast of the estimated amount of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next twelve fiscal contract
years and agrees to purchase 80% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June 30
 2016
the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &euro;343
787 or $390
380&nbsp;(translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange
rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &euro;288
781
 or&nbsp;$327
920
&nbsp;has been purchased as of March 31
 2016. For the year
ending June 30
 2017
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &euro;394
961 or $448
490 (translated at the March 31
2016 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey. The Company is not obligated to pay the Irish Distillery for any product not yet received. During the
term of this supply agreement
 the Irish Distillery has the right to limit additional purchases above the commitment amount.


The Company has entered into a supply agreement with a bourbon distiller
 which provides for the production of newly
                                                                distilled bourbon whiskey through December 31
 2019. Under this agreement
 the distiller provides the Company with an agreed
                                                                upon amount of original proof gallons of newly distilled bourbon whiskey
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the
                                                                contract year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company contracted and purchased approximately $1
643
000 in newly distilled
                                                                bourbon. For the contract year ending December 31
 2016
 the Company contracted to purchase approximately $2
053
750 in
                                                                newly                                                                 distilled bourbon
 none of which had been purchased as
                                                                of March 31
 2016.                                                                 The Company
                                                                is                                                                                                             not
                                                                obligated                                                                 to
                                                                pay the distiller for any product not yet                                                                         received.
                                                                During                                                                 the term of
                                                                this supply agreement
 the distiller has the right to limit additional purchases to ten percent above the commitment
                                                                amount.


The Company has a distribution agreement with an international supplier to be the sole-producer
of Celtic Honey
 one of the Company&rsquo;s products
 for an indefinite period.


The Company leases office space in New York
 NY
 Dublin
 Ireland and Houston
 TX. The New York
 NY lease began on May 1
 2010
and expires on February 29
 2020 and provides for monthly payments of $26
255. The Dublin lease commenced on March 1
 2009 and
extends through October 31
 2016 and provides for monthly payments of &euro;1
100 or $1
249 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange
rate). The Houston
 TX lease commenced on April 27
 2015 and extends through June 26
 2018 and provides for monthly payments of
$3
440. The Company has also entered into non-cancelable operating leases for certain office equipment.


terms in excess of one year are as follows:





    

    
365
089

    
364
829

    
341
079

    
310
322

    
    

    
1
381
319



 the
Company is obligated to pay its pro-rata share of utility and maintenance expenses on the leased premises. Rent expense under operating
leases amounted to approximately $335
047
 $359
714 and $356
280 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
and is included in general and administrative expense.


Under the amended terms of the agreement under which the Company purchased McLain &amp; Kyne
 the Company was obligated to
pay an earn-out to the sellers based on the financial performance of the acquired business. As of June 30
 2013
 the Company had
reached the specified case sale threshold for contingent consideration under the agreement. Accordingly
 no further contingent
consideration will be due. For the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the sellers earned $0
 $0 and $5
940
 respectively
under this agreement.


As described in Note 8C
 in August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Credit Facility
 as amended in July 2012
March 2013
 August 2013
 November 2013
 August 2014
 September 2014 and August 2015.


Except as set forth below
 the Company believes that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries is currently subject to litigation
which
 in the opinion of management after consultation with counsel
 is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company.


in litigation from time to time relating to claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. These claims
 even if not meritorious
could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources.




 &mdash; The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents balances at various large financial institutions
that
 at times
 may exceed federally and internationally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts
and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk.


 &mdash; Sales to one customer
 the Southern Wine and Spirits of America
 Inc. family of companies
 accounted
for approximately
 31.4%
 29.7% and 31.9% of the Company&rsquo;s net sales for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
and approximately 27.7% and 30.1% of accounts receivable at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.


    
    





segment &mdash; the sale of premium beverage alcohol. The Company&rsquo;s product categories are rum
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
tequila and related non-alcoholic beverage products. The Company reports its operations in two geographic areas: International
and United States.


include revenues and assets generated in or held in the U.S. and foreign countries. The following table sets forth the
amounts and percentage of consolidated sales
 net
 consolidated income (loss) from operations
 consolidated net  loss
attributable to controlling interests
 consolidated income tax (expense) benefit and consolidated assets from the U.S. and
foreign countries and consolidated sales
 net by category.



    
Years&nbsp;ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    


 net:
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
9
302
134
    
7
938
393
    
7
305
516
    

    
62
918
234
    
49
519
028
    
40
834
967
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 net
72
220
368
    
57
457
421
    
48
140
483
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(34
268
    
17
172
    
    
    

    
1
039
815
    
(1
095
077
    
(1
319
567
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
005
547
    
(1
077
905
    
(1
319
833
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
11
490
    
(101
453
    
(153
419
    

    
(2
527
858
    
(3
698
289
    
(8
753
328
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(2
516
368
    
(3
799
742
    
(8
906
747
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 net:
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(1
450
848
    
(1
278
999
    
590
414
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 net by category:
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
18
858
554
    
16
998
034
    
16
643
640
    

    
26
009
839
    
19
147
028
    
13
521
875
    

    
8
567
121
    
8
756
376
    
8
992
277
    

    
2
364
429
    
2
413
994
    
2
852
956
    

    
198
330
    
208
845
    
218
552
    

    
    
    
    
    
284
806
    

    
16
222
095
    
9
933
144
    
5
626
377
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 net
72
220
368
    
57
457
421
    
48
140
483
    




    



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
2
786
333
    
2
052
583
    

    
47
506
080
    
41
986
357
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
50
292
413
    
44
038
940
    



    
    








    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net
16
513
079
18
536
509
17
207
372
19
963
408

    
    
    
    
    

    
6
627
314
7
056
402
6
702
095
8
167
759

    
    
    
    
    

    
(850
144
(682
057
(595
911
421
406

    
    
    
    
    

    
(273
518
(329
214
(211
792
4
862

    
    
    
    
    

    
(1
123
662
(1
011
271
(807
703
426
268

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(1
123
662
(1
011
271
(807
703
426
268

    
    
    
    
    


    (loss) income per common share
 basic

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    income per common share
 diluted

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    


 attributable to common shareholders
157
535
571
159
774
811
160
031
891
160
167
121



    
    
    
    


 attributable to common shareholders
157
535
571
159
774
811
160
031
891
167
331
808








    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;Sales
 net
    
    
11
982
199
    
    
    
13
381
704
    
    
    
15
936
514
    
    
    
16
157
004
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
546
654
    
    
    
4
883
673
    
    
    
5
994
860
    
    
    
6
147
602
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
190
495
    
    
    
(869
464
    
    
    
(311
886
    
    
    
(1
102
068
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(305
336
    
    
    
(211
049
    
    
    
(279
110
    
    
    
469
666
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
495
831
    
    
    
(1
080
513
    
    
    
(590
996
    
    
    
(632
402
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
495
831
    
    
    
(1
080
513
    
    
    
(590
996
    
    
    
(632
402
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;Net loss per common share
 basic and diluted

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;Weighted average shares used in computation

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    
153
929
182
    
    
    
155
189
679
    
    
    
155
838
146
    
    
    
156
882
587
    





    
    


Item&nbsp;9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure








(as defined in Rules&nbsp;13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information
that would be required to be disclosed in Exchange Act reports is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
respectively)
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


 2016
 we carried out an evaluation
under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing
 our
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting


establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). As defined in the securities laws
 internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or
under the supervision of
 our Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officers and effected by our Board of
Directors
 management
 and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that (i)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable
detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors; and (iii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.


is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.


 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 including the Principal Executive
and Principal Financial Officers
  conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule&nbsp;13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange
Act) as of March 31
 2016
 issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.


 including the Principal Executive
and Principal Financial Officers
 have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31

Integrated Framework (2013)


 an independent registered
public accounting firm
 has audited our consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal controls over financial
reporting as of March 31
 2016 as stated in its reports which are included herein.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


control over financial reporting that occurred in the fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely
to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.



    
    



Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm





subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2016
 based on criteria established
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;). The Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying
Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.


 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 the Company maintained
in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2016
 based on criteria established
in the 2013 


 in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated balance sheets of the Company
as of March 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive loss
 changes in shareholders&rsquo;
equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31
 2016
 and our report dated June 13
 2016
expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.



    
    

    
    

New York
 New York
    

June 13
 2016
    



    
    







    
    




Item&nbsp;10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance


be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed with the SEC not later
than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report
 and incorporated herein by reference or
 alternatively
by amendment to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than the end of such 120 day period.&nbsp;




be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed with the SEC not later
than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report
 and incorporated herein by reference or
 alternatively
by amendment to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than the end of such 120 day period.&nbsp;

Item&nbsp;12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Shareholder Matters


equity compensation plans is set forth in Item 5 of this annual report&nbsp;on Form 10-K and is&nbsp;incorporated herein&nbsp;by
reference.


required by this Item&nbsp;12 will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report
 and incorporated herein
by reference or
 alternatively
 by amendment to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than the end of such 120 day
period.&nbsp;

Item&nbsp;13. Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions
 and Director Independence


be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed with the SEC not later
than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report
 and incorporated herein by reference or
 alternatively
by amendment to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than the end of such 120 day period.&nbsp;




be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed with the SEC not later
than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report
 and incorporated herein by reference or
 alternatively
by amendment to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than the end of such 120 day period.&nbsp;



Item&nbsp;15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules



    
    
    




    
    
Financial Statements &mdash;
    See Index to Financial Statements at Item 8 on page 32 of this annual report on Form 10-K.




    
    
    




    
    
Exhibits &mdash; The following exhibits are filed as part of
 or incorporated by reference into
 this annual report on Form 10-K:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Equity Distribution Agreement
 dated November 20
 2014
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Barrington Research Associates
 Inc.
 as sales agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Composite Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to&nbsp;our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 filed with the SEC on June 30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Appendix E to our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on December 30
 2009)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-8 (File No. 333-160380) filed with the SEC on March 10
 2010)



    
    




    
    
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 dated as of September 22
 2014
 by and among ACF FinCo I LP
 the Company and Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 24
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note
 dated as of August 7
 2015
 in favor of ACF FinCo I LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 10
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
5% Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement 
 dated as of October 21
 2013
 among the Company and the parties set forth on the signature pages attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 25
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of 5% Subordinated Convertible Note Due 2018
 issued by the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 dated as of August 7
 2015
 by and among ACF FinCo I LP
 the Company and Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 10
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 dated as of August 17
 2015
 by and among ACF FinCo I LP
 the Company and Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 18
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Export Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;14
 2005 between Gosling Partners Inc. and Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda) Limited (Exhibit 10.1)(1)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No.&nbsp;1 to Export Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;18
 2005
 by and among Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. and Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda) Limited (Exhibit 10.2)(1)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
National Distribution Agreement
 dated as of September&nbsp;3
 2004
 by and between Castle Brands (USA)&nbsp;Corp. and Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda) Limited (Exhibit 10.3)(1)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
Subscription Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;18
 2005
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. (Exhibit 10.4)(1)

    
    
    

    
    
Stockholders' Agreement
 dated February&nbsp;18
 2005
 by and among Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. and the persons listed on Schedule&nbsp;I thereto (Exhibit 10.5)(1)

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement
 dated as of January 12
 2011
 between Pallini SpA and Castle Brands (USA)&nbsp;Corp. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on January 18
 2011) (2)

    
    
    

    
    
Supply Agreement
 dated as of January&nbsp;1
 2005
 between Irish Distillers Limited and Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited and Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (Exhibit 10.8)(1)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No.&nbsp;1 to Supply Agreement
 dated as of September&nbsp;20
 2005
 to the Supply Agreement
 dated as of January&nbsp;1
 2005
 among Irish Distillers Limited and Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited and Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (Exhibit 10.9)(1)

    
    
    

    
    
Letter Agreement
 dated November&nbsp;7
 2008
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Vector Group Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on November&nbsp;12
 2008)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into with directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Castle Brands Inc. Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on June 16
 2006)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of November&nbsp;13
 2007
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Alfred J. Small (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on November&nbsp;13
 2007)#

    
    
    

    
    
Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 effective as of February 26
 2010
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Mark Andrews (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on March 1
 2010)#



    
    




    
    
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 effective as of May&nbsp;2
 2005
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and T. Kelley Spillane (1)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of May 6
 2010
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Alfred J. Small (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on May 7
 2010)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of May&nbsp;6
 2010
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and T. Kelley Spillane (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on May 7
 2010)#

    
    
    

    
    
Reaffirmation Agreement
 dated as of August 7
 2015
 by and among the Company
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp.
 the officers signatory thereto and certain junior lenders to the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 10
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Castle Brands Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan
 as amended (Exhibit&nbsp;10.29)(1)#

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No. 2 to Castle Brands Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to&nbsp;our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30
 2009 filed with the SEC on June 29
 2009)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement
 dated September&nbsp;27
 2005
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Keltic Financial Partners
 LP (Exhibit&nbsp;10.52)(1)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February&nbsp;17
 2009)#

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement
 made as of January 24
 2008
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and John S. Glover (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Amendment No. 1 to our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 29
 2009)#

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Validity and Support Agreement
 dated as of August 19
 2011
 among Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP
 the Company
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. and the officer signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 25
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Employment Agreement
 made as of July 26
 2011
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and John S. Glover (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 27
 2011).#

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Letter
 dated July 29
 2011
 by and between Castle Brands USA Corp. and Maria Alejandra Pena (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14
 2011) #

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of May&nbsp;11
 2012
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and T. Kelley Spillane (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed on May 17
 2012)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of May 11
 2012
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Alfred J. Small (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K filed on May 17
 2012)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 effective as of May 11
 2012
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Mark Andrews (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.3 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed on May 17
 2012)#

    
    
    

    
    
Castle Brands Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for the 2012 annual meeting of shareholders
 filed with the SEC on September 11
 2012)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of January 24
 2014
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Mark Andrews (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed on January 27
 2014)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of January 24
 2014
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and John Glover (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed on January 27
 2014)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of January 24
 2014
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and T. Kelley Spillane (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.3 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed on January 27
 2014)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of January 24
 2014
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Alfred J. Small (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.4 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed on January 27
 2014)#



    
    




    
    
Extension and Amendment Agreement
 dated as of October 24
 2015
 by and between Castle Brands (USA) Corp. and Pallini S.p.A. (f/k/a Pallini Internazionale S.r.l.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed on October 29
 2015)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of February 1
 2016
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Mark Andrews (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed on February 3
 2016)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Employment Agreement
 dated as of February 1
 2016
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and John Glover (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K filed on February 3
 2016)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of February 1
 2016
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and T. Kelley Spillane (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our current report on Form 8-K filed on February 3
 2016)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of February 1
 2016
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Alfred J. Small (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our current report on Form 8-K filed on February 3
 2016)#

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of CEO Pursuant to Rule&nbsp;13a-14(a)
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of CFO Pursuant to Rule&nbsp;13a-14(a)
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    




    
    




    
Previously filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-128676)
 which was declared effective on April 5
 2006
 and incorporated by reference herein.




    
Confidential portions of this document are omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment that has been granted by the Commission
 and have been filed separately with the Commission.



    
    





or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized
 on June 13
 2016.



    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Senior Vice President
 Chief Financial

    
    
Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer (Principal

    
    
    

    
    
    





constitutes and appoints each of Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small
 such person&rsquo;s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and
agent with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 for such person and in such person&rsquo;s name
 place and stead
 in
any and all capacities
 to sign any and all amendments to this report on Form 10-K
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto
and all documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 granting unto each said attorney-in-fact
and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises
 as fully to all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming
all that any said attorney-in-fact and agent
 or any substitute or substitutes of any of them
 may lawfully do or cause to be done
by virtue hereof.


Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
June 13
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Senior&nbsp;Vice&nbsp;President
&nbsp;Chief&nbsp;Financial
    
June 13
 2016

    
    
Officer
&nbsp;Secretary&nbsp;and&nbsp;Treasurer&nbsp;(Principal
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
June 13
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
June 13
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
June 13
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Phillip Frost
 M.D.
    
    
    
June 13
 2016

Phillip Frost
 M.D.
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
June 13
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
June 13
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
June 13
 2016

    
    
    
    
    



    














     









    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Delaware
 USA

    
    
    

    
    
Delaware
 USA

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    














     





CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM


in the Registration Statements of Castle Brands Inc. on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-198414
 333-176005 and 333-143422) and Form S-8 (Nos.
333-133567
 333-160380 and 333-189750) of our reports dated June 13
 2016
 on our audits of the consolidated financial statements
as of March 31
 2016 and 2015 and for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31
 2016
 and the effectiveness of
Castle Brands Inc.&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2016
 which reports are included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.



    

New York
 New York 

June 13
 2016 



    














     








 Richard J. Lampen
 certify that:



    
    




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date: June 13
 2016
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    














     








 Alfred J. Small
 certify that:



    
    
    




    
    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date: June 13
 2016&nbsp;
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    














     






18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


 as adopted
pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Richard J. Lampen
 the President and Chief Executive Officer of
Castle Brands Inc. (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;) and Alfred J. Small
 Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant
 each hereby certifies
that:


on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31
 2016 (the &ldquo;Periodic Report&rdquo;) fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and


Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.


 2016



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    





















      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      
      





      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      



    


    




        


        




    


    


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

000


000

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&amp;#8220;CB-USA&amp;#8221;) and McLain &amp;amp; Kyne
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;McLain &amp;amp; Kyne&amp;#8221;)
 the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&amp;#8220;CB-IRL&amp;#8221;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&amp;#8217;s 60% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. (&amp;#8220;GCP&amp;#8221;)

 marketing and sale of premium and super premium rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
 tequila and related non-alcoholic beverage products in the United States
 Canada

 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning Goslings Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of Bermuda
 and Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer

 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Reserve
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Chef&amp;#8217;s Collaboration
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Ocean Aged at Sea
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Wine Finish Collection
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Wood Experiments and Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Presidential Select
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey
 and Jefferson&amp;#8217;s The Manhattan: Barrel Finished Cocktail
 a ready-to-drink cocktail; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions; Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; Knappogue Castle 1951
 a pure pot-still whiskey that has been aged for 36 years
 and Knappogue Twin Wood

 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs
 pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement; Brady&amp;#8217;s Irish Cream
 a premium Irish cream liqueur; Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; and Gozio amaretto
 a premium Italian liqueur

 an ultra-pure

 super-premium tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
 which is available as blanco


 level of past due accounts based on contractual terms of the receivables and its relationships with and economic status of its customers. For the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the Company recorded an addition to&amp;#160;allowances for doubtful accounts of $61
000
 $236
000 and $403
409

 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)

 bulk wine
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
 and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&amp;#8217;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage

 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the Company recorded&amp;#160;an addition to allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $200
000
 $281
000 and $200
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with the disposition of wine brands
 label and packaging changes made to certain brands

 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts

 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis

 &amp;#8220;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&amp;#8221;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. An entity may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. If determined to be necessary
 the two-step impairment test shall be used. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results. Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates that most significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses and discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s net assets exceeds the unit&amp;#8217;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks

 2016 and 2015
 various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of each reporting unit were identified
 including
 but not limited to: prior years&amp;#8217; impairment testing results
 budget to actual results
 Company-specific facts and circumstances
 industry developments
 and the economic environment. Based on this assessment

 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&amp;#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. There&amp;#160;were no impairments recorded during the years ended March 31
 2016

 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&amp;#8217;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $2
635
430
 $2
574
471 and $1
879
881 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014


 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases

 &amp;#8220;Foreign Currency Matters&amp;#8221;

 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments&amp;#8221;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&amp;#8217;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&amp;#8217;s debt



 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;


 which is included in selling expense
 was $4
960
301
 $3
184
392 and $2
052
819 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014

 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases. The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
 Financial Instruments&amp;#151;Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
 which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Changes to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity investments
 financial liabilities under the fair value option
 and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition
 the ASU clarifies guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 and upon adoption
 an entity should apply the amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet at the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. Early adoption is not permitted except for the provision to record fair value changes for financial liabilities under the fair value option resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-16
 Business Combination (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments
 which requires adjustments to provisional amounts initially recorded in a business combination that are identified during the measurement period to be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. This includes any effect on earnings of changes in depreciation
 amortization
 or other income effects as a result of the change to the provisional amounts
 calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 also requires the disclosure of the nature and amount of measurement-period adjustments recognized in the current period
 including separately the amounts in current-period income statement line items that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. The guidance is effective for the Company beginning April 1

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
 which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and is effective for periods beginning after April 1
 2017
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
 which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected. Upon adoption
 the Company will apply the new guidance on a retrospective basis and adjust the balance sheet of each individual period presented to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning April 1
 2016. In June
 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15
 Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting. This update addresses presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of credit arrangements. Commitment fees paid to the lender represent the benefit of being able to access capital over the contractual term
 and therefore
 are not in the scope of the new guidance and it is appropriate to present such fees as an asset on the balance sheet
 regardless of whether or not there are outstanding borrowings under the revolver. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue. This guidance includes the required steps to achieve the core principle that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17&amp;#151;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. As part of the FASB's accounting simplification initiative
 ASU 2015-17 removes the requirement to separate deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts in a classified statement of financial position. Instead
 the update requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. ASU 2015-17 is effective for entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 with retrospective application to all periods presented. Early adoption is permitted
 and the Company adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending March 31
 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations


 2016
 2015 and 2014

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 61%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Stock options&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;13
508
086&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
988
188&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
174
007&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;Warrants to purchase common stock&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;120
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
777
802&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;5% Convertible notes&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
861
111&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
861
111&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
361
111&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;15
369
197&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;13
969
299&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;15
312


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 61%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Stock options&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;13
508
086&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
988
188&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
174
007&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;Warrants to purchase common stock&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;120
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
777
802&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;5% Convertible notes&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
861
111&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
861
111&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
361
111&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;15
369
197&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;13
969
299&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;15
312


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Raw materials &amp;#150; net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11
976
561&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;9
250
893&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Finished goods &amp;#150; net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;15
256
761&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11
817
348&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;27
233
322&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;21
068

 2016 and 2015
 11% and 10%
 respectively
 of raw materials and 5% and 4%
 respectively

 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the Company acquired $5
441
432
 $5
333
763 and $3
343
500 of aged bourbon whiskey
 respectively

 but not limited to
 historical usage


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Raw materials &amp;#150; net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11
976
561&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;9
250
893&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Finished goods &amp;#150; net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;15
256
761&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11
817
348&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;27
233
322&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;21
068



 2016
 2015 and 2014
 GCP had pretax net income on a stand-alone basis of $3
475
006
 $814
573 and $2
337
759
 respectively. The Company allocated 40% of this net income
 or $1
390
002
 $325
829 and $935
035
 to non-controlling interest for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. Combined with the effects of income tax expense
 net
 allocated to noncontrolling interests as described in Note 1.Q Income Taxes
 the cumulative balance allocated to noncontrolling interests in GCP was $3
353
191 and $2
543
529 at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively

 GCP declared and paid a $1
500
000 cash dividend to its shareholders. The Company recorded 60% of this dividend
 or $900
000
 as a return of capital and a reduction of its investment in GCP
 and allocated 40% of this dividend
 or $600
000


 CB-USA purchased 20% of Copperhead Distillery Company (&amp;#8220;Copperhead&amp;#8221;) for $500
000. Copperhead owns and operates the Kentucky Artisan Distillery. The investment was part of an agreement to build a new warehouse to store Jefferson&amp;#8217;s bourbons
 provide distilling capabilities using special mash-bills made from locally grown grains and create a visitor center and store to enhance the consumer experience for the Jefferson&amp;#8217;s brand. The investment has been used for the construction of a new warehouse in Crestwood
 Kentucky dedicated to the storage of Jefferson&amp;#8217;s whiskies. The Company has accounted for this investment under the equity method of accounting. For the initial period ended March 31
 2016
 the Company recognized $18
667 of income from this investment. The investment balance was $518
667 at March 31



&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Equipment and software&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
796
064&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
434
340&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;112
676&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;40
898&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;42
730&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
951
470&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
475
238&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
075
215&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
809
865&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Balance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;876
255&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;665

 2016
 2015 and 2014 totaled $280
702
 $249
683 and $204
180


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Equipment and software&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
796
064&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
434
340&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;112
676&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;40
898&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;42
730&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
951
470&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
475
238&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
075
215&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
809
865&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Balance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;876
255&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;665


226 at each of March 31

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Definite life brands&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;170
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;170
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Trademarks&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;631
693&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;631
693&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Rights&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
271
555&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
271
555&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;Product development&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;185
207&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;161
321&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Patents&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;994
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;994
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;55
460&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;55
460&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
307
915&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
284
029&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
372
585&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
713
774&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
935
330&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
570
255&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other identifiable intangible assets &amp;#151; indefinite lived*&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
112
972&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
112
972&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
048
302&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
683

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Definite life brands&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;170
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;170
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Trademarks&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;331
366&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;295
956&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Rights&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
065
111&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
513
162&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;Product development&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;29
188&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;24
002&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Patents&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;776
920&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;710
654&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
372
585&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
713

 2016
 2015 and 2014 totaled $658
811
 $655
769 and $654
005

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 87%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;660
690&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;660
566&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;642
233&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;602
578&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;2021&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;49
585&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
615


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Definite life brands&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;170
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;170
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Trademarks&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;631
693&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;631
693&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Rights&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
271
555&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
271
555&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;Product development&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;185
207&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;161
321&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Patents&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;994
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;994
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;55
460&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;55
460&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
307
915&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;10
284
029&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
372
585&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
713
774&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
935
330&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;3
570
255&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other identifiable intangible assets &amp;#151; indefinite lived*&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
112
972&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
112
972&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
048
302&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
683


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Definite life brands&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;170
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;170
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Trademarks&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;331
366&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;295
956&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Rights&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
065
111&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;5
513
162&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;Product development&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;29
188&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;24
002&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Patents&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;776
920&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;710
654&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;-&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
372
585&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
713


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 87%&gt; &lt;div&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;660
690&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;660
566&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;642
233&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;602
578&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;2021&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;49
585&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
615


 2016 and 2015
 the Company had &amp;#8364;303
890 or $345
076 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) and &amp;#8364;303
657 or $329
471 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate)
 respectively
 of cash restricted from withdrawal and held by a bank in Ireland as collateral for overdraft coverage
 creditors&amp;#8217; insurance


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Notes payable consist of the following:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Foreign revolving credit facilities (A)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;34
141&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Note payable &amp;#150; GCP note (B)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;211
580&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;211
580&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Credit facility (C)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;12
088
594&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;10
123
544&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Bourbon term loan (D)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;744
900&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5% Convertible notes (E)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1
675
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1
675
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;13
975
174&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;12
789

890 or $345
076 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&amp;#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&amp;#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &amp;#8364;0 and &amp;#8364;31
466 or $34
141 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate)
 at March 31
 2016 and 2015

 GCP issued a promissory note (the &amp;#8220;GCP Note&amp;#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to affiliates. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $211

 the Company and CB-USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (&amp;#8220;Keltic&amp;#8221;)
 which
 as amended

 the Company and CB-USA entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &amp;#8220;Amended Agreement&amp;#8221;) with ACF FinCo I LP (&amp;#8220;ACF&amp;#8221;)
 as successor in interest to Keltic
 in order to amend certain terms of the Credit Facility and the Bourbon Term Loan (defined below). Among other changes
 the Amended Agreement modified certain aspects of the existing Credit Facility
 including increasing the maximum amount of the Credit Facility from $8
000
000 to $12
000
000 and increasing the inventory sub-limit from $4
000
000 to $6
000
000. In addition
 the term of the Credit Facility was extended from December 31
 2016 to July 31
 2019. The Credit Facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%. As of March 31
 2016
 the Credit Facility interest rate was 6.00%. The monthly facility fee is 0.75% per annum of the maximum Credit Facility. The Amended Agreement contains EBITDA targets allowing for further interest rate reductions in the future. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $120

 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Operating Officer
 T. Kelley Spillane
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Senior Vice President - Global Sales
 and Alfred J. Small
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Senior Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary
 (b) certain participants in the Bourbon Term Loan and (c) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 a director of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s Chairman
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 a director of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 a former director of the Company
 Dennis Scholl
 a former director of the Company
 and Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder of the Company
 of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer
 Henry Beinstein
 a director of the Company
 is a director and Phillip Frost M.D. is a principal shareholder
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 the Company
 CB-USA and ACF

 on September 22
 2014
 ACF entered into an amendment to that certain Subordination Agreement
 dated as of August 7
 2013 (as amended
 the &amp;#8220;Subordination Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 by and among ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic

 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment (the &amp;#8220;Loan Agreement Amendment&amp;#8221;) to the Amended Agreement. Among other changes
 the Loan Agreement Amendment increased the amount of the Credit Facility from $12
000
000 to $19
000
000
 including a sublimit in the maximum principal amount of $7
000
000 to permit the Company to acquire aged whiskey inventory (the &amp;#8220;Purchased Inventory Sublimit&amp;#8221;) subject to certain conditions set forth in the Amended Agreement. The maturity date remained unchanged at July 31
 2019. The Company and CB-USA are permitted to prepay the Credit Facility in whole or the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 in whole or in part
 subject to certain prepayment penalties as set forth in the Loan Agreement Amendment. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit replaces the Bourbon Term Loan
 which was paid in full in the normal course of business. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2016
 the interest rate applicable to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit was 7.75%. The monthly facility fee remains 0.75% per annum of the maximum principal amount of the Credit Facility (excluding the Purchased Inventory Sublimit). Also
 the Company must pay a monthly facility fee of $2
000 with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit until all obligations with respect thereof are fully paid and performed. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $45

 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 T. Kelley Spillane and Alfred J. Small and (b) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 Dennis Scholl and Vector Group Ltd.
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 the Company

 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small
 to allow for the sale of participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. The participation agreement provides that ACF&amp;#8217;s commitment to fund each advance of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit shall be limited to seventy percent (70%)
 up to an aggregate maximum principal amount for all advances equal to $4
900
000. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the participation agreement. However
 the Company and CB-USA are party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Company and CB-USA were obligated to pay the junior participants a closing fee of $18
000 on the effective date of the Loan Agreement Amendment and are obligated to pay a commitment fee of $18

 the Company and CB-USA may borrow up to the lesser of (x) $19
000
000 and (y) the sum of the borrowing base calculated in accordance with the Amended Agreement and the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 6% through August 9
 2015
 then 5.75% through December 15
 2015
 then 6% through March 31
 2016. For the year ended March 31
 2015
 the Company paid interest at 6.0%. For the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 7.5% through December 15
 2015
 and then at 7.75% through March 31
 2016 on the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Credit Facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &amp;#8220;Default&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Event of Default&amp;#8221; (as defined under the Amended Agreement)
 the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Credit Facility interest rate. There have been no Events of Default under the Credit Facility. ACF also receives a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default) in addition to the facility fee with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. The Amended Agreement contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Amended Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&amp;#8217;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens and make distributions or cash dividends. The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement Amendment are secured by the grant of a pledge and security interest in all of the assets of the Borrower. At March 31
 2016
 the Company was in compliance
 in all respects

 the Company used $3
000
000 of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit to acquire aged bourbon inventory. Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($150
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 Richard J. Lampen ($100
000) and Alfred J. Small ($15
000) each acquired participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. Under the terms of the participation agreement
 the participants receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $12
088
594 and $10
123
544
 respectively
 due on the Credit Facility was included in long-term liabilities. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 there was $6
911
406 and $1
876
456
 respectively

 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
496
000 (the &amp;#8220;Bourbon Term Loan&amp;#8221;) that was used to purchase&amp;#160;bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. In August 2013
 the Bourbon Term Loan was amended to provide the Company with the ability to increase the maximum aggregate principal amount of the Bourbon Term Loan from $2
500
000 to up to $4
000
000 to finance the purchase of aged whiskies following the identification of junior participants to purchase a portion of the increased Bourbon Term Loan amount. The Bourbon Term Loan interest rate was the rate that
 when annualized
 was the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2015

000 of the Bourbon Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Bourbon Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000) and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000) (amounts shown are initial purchase amounts). Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants received interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA was a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower was party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower was obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15

900 at March 31
 2015. In May 2015

 the Company entered into a 5% Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Note Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with the purchasers party thereto
 under which the Company issued an aggregate initial principal amount of $2
125
000 of unsecured subordinated notes (the &amp;#8220;Convertible Notes&amp;#8221;). The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
 until their maturity date of December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 are convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the &amp;#8220;Conversion Price&amp;#8221;). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each note holder to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on

 including an affiliate of Dr. Phillip Frost ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn ($200
000)
 Dennis Scholl ($100
000)
 and Vector Group Ltd. ($200


 each purchaser of the Convertible Notes was required to execute a joinder to the subordination agreement

 2015
 Convertible Note holders converted $450
000 of Convertible Notes and $1
417 of accrued interest thereon into 501
574 shares of common stock. At each of March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $1
675
000 of principal due on the Convertible Notes was included in long-term liabilities

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 87%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1
675
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;12
088
594&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2021&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;211
580&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;13
975


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 87%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1
675
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;12
088
594&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2021&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;211
580&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;13
975


 and reflects any net gains and losses currently in earnings. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company had no forward contracts outstanding. Gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts
 which was de minimis during the periods presented



  


900&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2.49&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;326
900&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.22&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;235
437&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$0.26 &amp;#151; $0.40&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;7
757
186&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5.24&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 6
549
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.34&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;3
954
614&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$0.41 &amp;#151; $1.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
273
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.26&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;529
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$1.01 &amp;#151; $2.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;3
027
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.90&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;403
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.34&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$6.01 &amp;#151; $7.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;17
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.98&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;17
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;6.36&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$7.01 &amp;#151; $8.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;98
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.28&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;98
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;7.21&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$8.01 &amp;#151; $9.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;7
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.85&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;7
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;9.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;13
508
086&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;6.46&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7
931
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.53&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;4
190


 2016

 2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;3
871
807&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.32&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;3
300
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.43&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Canceled or expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(10
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.32&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Vested&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
499
247&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.32&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Unvested at March 31
 2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5
662
560&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.32&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
525
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.04&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Canceled or expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(954
083&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.44&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Vested&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(2
309
422&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.41&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Unvested at March 31
 2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;4
924
055&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.70&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
622
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.63&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Canceled or expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(12
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.97&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Vested&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; (1
958
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.70&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Unvested at March 31
 2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5
576


 as successor in interest to I.L.A.R. S.p.A.
 is a shareholder in the Company and one of the officers of Pallini served as a director of the Company until March 26
 2015. In January 2011
 CB-USA entered into an agreement (New Agreement) with Pallini regarding the importation and distribution of certain Pallini brand products. The terms of the New Agreement were effective as of April 1


 2015 and 2014
 the Company purchased goods from Pallini for $3
840
446 and $3
467
812
 respectively. As of March 31
 2015 and 2014
 Pallini owed the Company $138
750 and $115
288
 respectively
 for its share of marketing expense
 which is included in due from shareholders and affiliates on the consolidated balance sheet. As of March 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company was indebted to Pallini for $511
146 and $229
557
 respectively

 the Company entered into a management services agreement with Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder
 under which Vector Group agreed to make available to the Company the services of Richard J. Lampen
 Vector Group&amp;#8217;s executive vice president
 effective October&amp;#160;11
 2008 to serve as the Company&amp;#8217;s president and chief executive officer and to provide certain other financial and accounting services
 including assistance with complying with Section&amp;#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In consideration for such services
 the Company agreed to pay Vector Group an annual fee of $100
000
 plus any direct
 out-of-pocket costs
 fees and other expenses incurred by Vector Group or Mr.&amp;#160;Lampen in connection with providing such services
 and to indemnify Vector Group for any liabilities arising out of the provision of the services. The agreement is terminable by either party upon 30&amp;#160;days&amp;#8217; prior written notice. For the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 Vector Group was paid $85
396
 $135
475 and $104
746
 respectively

 the Company entered into an agreement to reimburse Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. (&amp;#8220;LTS&amp;#8221;) for its costs in providing certain administrative
 legal and financial services to the Company. For the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 LTS was paid $131
054
 $210
875 and $126
000
 respectively
 under this agreement. Mr.&amp;#160;Lampen
 the Company&amp;#8217;s president and chief executive officer and a director
 is the president and chief executive officer and a director of LTS and four other directors of the Company serve as directors of LTS
 including Phillip Frost

 in March 2013
 the Company entered into a Participation Agreement with certain related parties. As described in Notes 8D and 8E
 in August and October 2013


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 87%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;365
089&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;364
829&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;341
079&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;310
322&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1
381


 at times

 the Southern Wine and Spirits of America
 Inc. family of companies
 accounted for approximately
 31.4%
 29.7% and 31.9% of the Company&amp;#8217;s net sales for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 and approximately 27.7% and 30.1% of accounts receivable at March 31
 2016 and 2015


 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka

 net
 consolidated income (loss) from operations
 consolidated net loss attributable to controlling interests
 consolidated income tax (expense) benefit and consolidated assets from the U.S. and foreign countries and consolidated sales

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Consolidated Sales
 net:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; WIDTH: 34%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;International&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;9
302
134&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;12.9&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;7
938
393&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;13.8&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;7
305
516&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;15.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;United States&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;62
918
234&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;87.1&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;49
519
028&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;86.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;40
834
967&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;84.8&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total Consolidated Sales
 net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;72
220
368&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;57
457
421&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;48
140
483&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Consolidated Income (Loss) from Operations:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;International&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(34
268&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(3.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;17
172&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(266&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;United States&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1
039
815&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;103.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
095
077&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;101.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
319
567&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total Consolidated Income (Loss) from Operations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1
005
547&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
077
905&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
319
833&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Consolidated Net Loss Attributable to Controlling Interests:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-LEFT: 11pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;International&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11
490&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(0.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(101
453&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2.7&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(153
419&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.7&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 11pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;United States&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(2
527
858&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(3
698
289&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;97.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(8
753
328&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;98.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -11pt; PADDING-LEFT: 22pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total Consolidated Net Loss Attributable to Controlling Interests&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(2
516
368&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(3
799
742&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(8
906
747&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Income tax (expense) benefit
 net:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;United States&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
450
848&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
278
999&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;590
414&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Consolidated Sales
 net by category:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Rum&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;18
858
554&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;26.1&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;16
998
034&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;29.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;16
643
640&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;34.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Whiskey&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;26
009
839&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;36.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;19
147
028&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;33.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;13
521
875&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;28.1&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Liqueurs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8
567
121&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11.9&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8
756
376&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;15.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8
992
277&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;18.7&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Vodka&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
364
429&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;3.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
413
994&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;4.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
852
956&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5.9&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Tequila&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;198
330&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;208
845&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;218
552&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Wine&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;284
806&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Related Non-Alcoholic Beverage Products&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;16
222
095&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;22.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;9
933
144&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;17.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5
626
377&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total Consolidated Sales
 net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;72
220
368&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;57
457
421&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;48
140

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Consolidated Assets:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; WIDTH: 48%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;International&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
786
333&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
052
583&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;4.7&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;United States&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;47
506
080&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;94.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;41
986
357&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;95.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total Consolidated Assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;50
292
413&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;44
038


 net
 consolidated income (loss) from operations
 consolidated net loss attributable to controlling interests
 consolidated income tax (expense) benefit and consolidated assets from the U.S. and foreign countries and consolidated sales

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Consolidated Sales
 net:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; WIDTH: 34%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;International&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;9
302
134&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;12.9&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;7
938
393&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;13.8&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;7
305
516&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;15.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;United States&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;62
918
234&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;87.1&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;49
519
028&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;86.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;40
834
967&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;84.8&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total Consolidated Sales
 net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;72
220
368&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;57
457
421&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;48
140
483&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0in; PADDING-LEFT: 0in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Consolidated Income (Loss) from Operations:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;International&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(34
268&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(3.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;17
172&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(266&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;United States&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1
039
815&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;103.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
095
077&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;101.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
319
567&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total Consolidated Income (Loss) from Operations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1
005
547&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
077
905&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
319
833&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Consolidated Net Loss Attributable to Controlling Interests:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-LEFT: 11pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;International&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11
490&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(0.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(101
453&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2.7&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(153
419&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.7&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 11pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;United States&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(2
527
858&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(3
698
289&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;97.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(8
753
328&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;98.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -11pt; PADDING-LEFT: 22pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total Consolidated Net Loss Attributable to Controlling Interests&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(2
516
368&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(3
799
742&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(8
906
747&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Income tax (expense) benefit
 net:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;United States&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
450
848&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
278
999&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;590
414&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Consolidated Sales
 net by category:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Rum&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;18
858
554&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;26.1&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;16
998
034&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;29.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;16
643
640&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;34.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Whiskey&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;26
009
839&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;36.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;19
147
028&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;33.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;13
521
875&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;28.1&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Liqueurs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8
567
121&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11.9&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8
756
376&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;15.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8
992
277&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;18.7&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Vodka&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
364
429&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;3.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
413
994&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;4.2&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
852
956&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5.9&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Tequila&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;198
330&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;208
845&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.4&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;218
552&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Wine&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;284
806&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Related Non-Alcoholic Beverage Products&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;16
222
095&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;22.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;9
933
144&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;17.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5
626
377&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11.6&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total Consolidated Sales
 net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;72
220
368&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;57
457
421&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;48
140

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Consolidated Assets:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; WIDTH: 48%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;International&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
786
333&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
052
583&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;4.7&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;United States&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;47
506
080&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;94.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;41
986
357&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;95.3&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total Consolidated Assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;50
292
413&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;100.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;44
038

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.00%

  
  
  
  
  
  

000 per month (increased to $2


 when annualized
 was the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2015

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&amp;#8220;CB-USA&amp;#8221;) and McLain &amp;amp; Kyne
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;McLain &amp;amp; Kyne&amp;#8221;)
 the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&amp;#8220;CB-IRL&amp;#8221;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&amp;#8217;s 60% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. (&amp;#8220;GCP&amp;#8221;)

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 marketing and sale of premium and super premium rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
 tequila and related non-alcoholic beverage products in the United States
 Canada

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning Goslings Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of Bermuda
 and Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer

 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Reserve
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Chef&amp;#8217;s Collaboration
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Ocean Aged at Sea
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Wine Finish Collection
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Wood Experiments and Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Presidential Select
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey
 and Jefferson&amp;#8217;s The Manhattan: Barrel Finished Cocktail
 a ready-to-drink cocktail; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions; Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; Knappogue Castle 1951
 a pure pot-still whiskey that has been aged for 36 years
 and Knappogue Twin Wood

 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs
 pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement; Brady&amp;#8217;s Irish Cream
 a premium Irish cream liqueur; Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; and Gozio amaretto
 a premium Italian liqueur

 an ultra-pure

 super-premium tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
 which is available as blanco

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 level of past due accounts based on contractual terms of the receivables and its relationships with and economic status of its customers. For the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the Company recorded an addition to&amp;#160;allowances for doubtful accounts of $61
000
 $236
000 and $403
409


 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)


 bulk wine
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
 and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&amp;#8217;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage

 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the Company recorded&amp;#160;an addition to allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $200
000
 $281
000 and $200
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with the disposition of wine brands
 label and packaging changes made to certain brands


 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts

  
  
  

 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis

 &amp;#8220;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&amp;#8221;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. An entity may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. If determined to be necessary
 the two-step impairment test shall be used. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results. Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates that most significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses and discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s net assets exceeds the unit&amp;#8217;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks

 2016 and 2015
 various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of each reporting unit were identified
 including
 but not limited to: prior years&amp;#8217; impairment testing results
 budget to actual results
 Company-specific facts and circumstances
 industry developments
 and the economic environment. Based on this assessment


 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&amp;#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. There&amp;#160;were no impairments recorded during the years ended March 31
 2016


 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&amp;#8217;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $2
635
430
 $2
574
471 and $1
879
881 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014

  
  
  



 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases

  
  
  
  

 &amp;#8220;Foreign Currency Matters&amp;#8221;

  
  
  
  
  
  

 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments&amp;#8221;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&amp;#8217;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&amp;#8217;s debt



  
  
  
  

 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;

  


  

 which is included in selling expense
 was $4
960
301
 $3
184
392 and $2
052
819 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014


 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17&amp;#151;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. As part of the FASB's accounting simplification initiative
 ASU 2015-17 removes the requirement to separate deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts in a classified statement of financial position. Instead
 the update requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. ASU 2015-17 is effective for entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 with retrospective application to all periods presented. Early adoption is permitted
 and the Company adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending March 31
 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 March 31
 2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;11
904
925&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.46&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(10
127
123&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.38&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div&gt;Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
777
802&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.90&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
657
802&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.38&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div&gt;Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31
 2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;120
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;8.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;(120
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;8.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div&gt;Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the Company will reimburse Barrington for certain expenses incurred in connection with the matters contemplated by the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 up to an aggregate of $50
000
 plus up to an additional $7
500 per calendar quarter related to ongoing maintenance; provided
 however

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

000 per month (increased to $2


 the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the 2014 Distribution Agreement) with Barrington Research Associates
 Inc. (Barrington)
 as sales agent
 under which the Company may issue and sell over time and from time to time
 to or through Barrington
 shares (the Shares) of its common stock&amp;#160;having a gross sales price of up to $10
000

 if any
 may be effected by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at-the-market offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 including without limitation directly on the NYSE MKT LLC or any other existing trading market for the common stock or through a market maker
 up to the amount specified
 and otherwise to or through Barrington in accordance with the placement notices delivered by the Company to Barrington. Also
 with the prior consent of the Company
 some of the&amp;#160;Shares may be sold in privately negotiated transactions. Under the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 Barrington will be entitled to compensation of 2.0 % of the gross proceeds from the sale of all of the Shares sold through Barrington
 as sales agent
 pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement. Also
 the Company will reimburse Barrington for certain expenses incurred in connection with the matters contemplated by the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 up to an aggregate of $50
000
 plus up to an additional $7
500 per calendar quarter related to ongoing maintenance; provided
 however

 2016
 the Company sold 2
119
282 Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $3
251
989
 before deducting sales agent and issuance costs of $124

 2015
 the Company sold 1
290
581 Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $2
088
674
 before deducting sales agent and offering expenses of $122

 the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the 2013 Distribution Agreement) with Barrington
 as sales agent
 under which the Company could issue and sell over time and from time to time
 to or through Barrington

 2014
 the Company sold 1
247
343 Shares pursuant to the 2013 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $1
231
241
 before deducting sales agent and offering expenses of $64
198. No Shares were sold in the nine-month period from July 1
 2014 through March 31

 par value $0.01 per share (&amp;#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&amp;#8221;) were entitled to receive cumulative dividends at the rate per share (as a percentage of the stated value of $1
000 per share) of 10% per annum
 whether or not declared by the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors
 which were only payable in shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock or upon a liquidation. For the year ended March 31
 2014
 the Company recorded accrued dividends of $384
599

 2014
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors approved the mandatory conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to their terms
 effective on or about February 24
 2014. Pursuant to the mandatory conversion
 all 6
271 outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 and accrued dividends thereon
 converted into 25
760

 2014 mandatory conversion
 holders of Series A Preferred Stock converted 430 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 and accrued dividends thereon
 into 1
704

 2015
 &lt;font style=WIDOWS: 1; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; DISPLAY: inline !important; FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; WHITE-SPACE: normal; FLOAT: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt; Convertible Note holders converted $450
000 of Convertible Notes and $1
417 of accrued&lt;/font&gt; interest thereon into 501

 GCP declared and paid a $1
500
000 cash dividend to its shareholders. The Company allocated 40% of this dividend
 or $600
000
 to non-controlling interests.&amp;#160;No dividends were declared or paid in the year ended March 31

  

 the Company implemented the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2003 Plan&amp;#8221;)
 which provides for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. Stock option grants under the Plan are granted with an exercise price at or above the fair market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant

 there were 2
000
000 shares of common stock available for distribution under the 2003 Plan. In January&amp;#160;2009
 the Company&amp;#8217;s shareholders approved an amendment to the 2003 Plan to increase the number of shares available under the 2003 Plan from 2
000
000 to 12
000
000 and to establish the maximum number of shares issuable to any one individual in any particular year. As of August 2013

 the Company&amp;#8217;s shareholders approved the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan (&amp;#8220;2013 Plan&amp;#8221;) which provides for an aggregate of 10
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s stock&amp;#160;for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. As of March 31
 2016
 5
233
000 shares had been issued under the 2013 Plan
 with 4
767

 2016
 2015 and 2014 amounted to $1
370
556
 $787
710 and $393
914
 respectively
 of which $493
666
 $178
137 and $81
567
 respectively
 is included in selling expense and $876
890
 $609
573 and $312
347
 respectively
 is included in general and administrative expense for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. At March 31
 2016
 total unrecognized compensation cost amounted to approximately $3
199
593
 representing 5
576
273 unvested options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.25&amp;#160;years. There were 1
079
602
 677
127 options and 80
758 options exercised during the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The Company did not recognize any related tax benefit for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercise&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercise&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercise&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Shares&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Price&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Shares&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Price&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Shares&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Price&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; WIDTH: 34%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Outstanding at beginning of year&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11
988
188&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.58&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11
174
007&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.51&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8
120
765&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.64&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
622
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.63&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
525
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.04&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;3
300
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.43&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
079
602&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.35&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(677
127&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.33&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(80
758&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.32&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(23
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;4.30&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
033
692&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.10&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(166
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5.79&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Outstanding and expected to vest at end of period&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;13
508
086&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.79&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11
988
188&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.58&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11
174
007&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.51&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercisable at period end&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 7
931
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 0.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;7
064
133&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.49&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5
511


900&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2.49&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;326
900&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.22&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;235
437&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$0.26 &amp;#151; $0.40&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;7
757
186&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5.24&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 6
549
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.34&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;3
954
614&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$0.41 &amp;#151; $1.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
273
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.26&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;529
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$1.01 &amp;#151; $2.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;3
027
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.90&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;403
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.34&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$6.01 &amp;#151; $7.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;17
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.98&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;17
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;6.36&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$7.01 &amp;#151; $8.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;98
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.28&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;98
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;7.21&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$8.01 &amp;#151; $9.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;7
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.85&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;7
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;9.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;13
508
086&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;6.46&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;7
931
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.53&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;4
190

 2016 were 7
931

 2016

 2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;3
871
807&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.32&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;3
300
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.43&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Canceled or expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(10
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.32&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Vested&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
499
247&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.32&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Unvested at March 31
 2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5
662
560&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.32&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
525
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.04&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Canceled or expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(954
083&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.44&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Vested&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(2
309
422&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.41&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Unvested at March 31
 2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;4
924
055&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.70&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
622
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.63&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Canceled or expired&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(12
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.97&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Vested&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; (1
958
282&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.70&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Unvested at March 31
 2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;5
576

 risk-free interest rate
 expected dividends
 and expected term. Expected volatility is based on the Company&amp;#8217;s historical volatility and the volatility of a peer group of companies over the expected life of the option. The expected term and vesting of the options represents the estimated period of time until exercise. The expected term was determined using the simplified method available under current guidance. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the option. The Company has not paid dividends on its common stock in the past and does not plan to pay any dividends on its common stock in the near future. Current authoritative guidance also requires the Company to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revise these estimates
 if necessary


 subject to adjustment

022 and accounted for the 2011 Warrants issued in October 2011 as a liability&amp;#160;at their initial fair value of $780
972. Changes in the fair value of the 2011 Warrants were recognized in earnings for each subsequent reporting period. In November 2013
 in accordance with certain terms of the 2011 Warrants
 the down-round provisions included in the terms of the warrant ceased to be in force or effect as a result of the historical volume weighted average price and trading volume of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock. The Company then reclassed the fair value of the outstanding warrant liability of $6
187
968 to equity

 2014 the Company recorded a loss&amp;#160;on the change in the value of the 2011 Warrants of $5
392

 2014
 the Company called for the cancellation of all 1
657
802 unexercised 2011 Warrants pursuant to the terms of such 2011 Warrants after satisfying applicable conditions. Pursuant to the call for cancellation
 holders of all 1
657
802 unexercised 2011 Warrants exercised such 2011 Warrants and received 1
657
802 shares of common stock. The Company received $629
965 in cash upon the exercise of these warrants. In the year ended March 31
 2014
 holders of 2011 Warrants exercised 10
127
123 2011 Warrants and received shares of common stock. The Company received $3
848

 2016
 120

 March 31
 2013&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11
904
925&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.46&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(10
127
123&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.38&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1
777
802&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.90&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
657
802&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.38&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31
 2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;120
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(120
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases. The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
 Financial Instruments&amp;#151;Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
 which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Changes to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity investments
 financial liabilities under the fair value option
 and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition
 the ASU clarifies guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 and upon adoption
 an entity should apply the amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet at the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. Early adoption is not permitted except for the provision to record fair value changes for financial liabilities under the fair value option resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-16
 Business Combination (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments
 which requires adjustments to provisional amounts initially recorded in a business combination that are identified during the measurement period to be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. This includes any effect on earnings of changes in depreciation
 amortization
 or other income effects as a result of the change to the provisional amounts
 calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 also requires the disclosure of the nature and amount of measurement-period adjustments recognized in the current period
 including separately the amounts in current-period income statement line items that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. The guidance is effective for the Company beginning April 1

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
 which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and is effective for periods beginning after April 1
 2017
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
 which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected. Upon adoption
 the Company will apply the new guidance on a retrospective basis and adjust the balance sheet of each individual period presented to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning April 1
 2016. In June
 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15
 Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting. This update addresses presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of credit arrangements. Commitment fees paid to the lender represent the benefit of being able to access capital over the contractual term
 and therefore
 are not in the scope of the new guidance and it is appropriate to present such fees as an asset on the balance sheet
 regardless of whether or not there are outstanding borrowings under the revolver. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue. This guidance includes the required steps to achieve the core principle that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercise&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercise&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercise&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Shares&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Price&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Shares&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Price&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Shares&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Price&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in; WIDTH: 34%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Outstanding at beginning of year&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11
988
188&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.58&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11
174
007&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.51&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;8
120
765&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 8%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.64&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
622
500&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.63&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2
525
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.04&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;3
300
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.43&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
079
602&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.35&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(677
127&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.33&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(80
758&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.32&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Forfeited&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(23
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;4.30&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(1
033
692&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1.10&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;(166
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5.79&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -9pt; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Outstanding and expected to vest at end of period&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;13
508
086&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.79&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11
988
188&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.58&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;11
174
007&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.51&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Exercisable at period end&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 7
931
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 0.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;7
064
133&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;0.49&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5
511

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;16
513
079&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;18
536
509&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;17
207
372&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
963
408&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
627
314&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
056
402&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
702
095&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
167
759&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Net (loss) income&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(850
144&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(682
057&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(595
911&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;421
406&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(273
518&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(329
214&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(211
792&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
862&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Net (loss) income attributable to controlling interests&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
123
662&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
011
271&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(807
703&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;426
268&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Net (loss) income attributable to common&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;stockholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
123
662&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
011
271&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(807
703&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;426
268&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Net (loss) income per common share
 basic
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(0.01&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(0.01&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(0.01&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Net (loss) income per common share
 diluted
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(0.01&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(0.01&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(0.01&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Weighted average shares used in computation
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;basic
 attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;157
535
571&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;159
774
811&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;160
031
891&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;160
167
121&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Weighted average shares used in computation
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;diluted
 attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;157
535
571&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;159
774
811&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;160
031
891&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;167
331


982

381

936

157

546
654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; 4
883
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; 5
994
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; 6
147

190



102




666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;Net loss attributable to controlling interests&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; (1
495

080



495

080



 basic and diluted

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; 153
929
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; 155
189
679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; 155
838
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; 156
882


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Notes payable consist of the following:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Foreign revolving credit facilities (A)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;34
141&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Note payable &amp;#150; GCP note (B)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;211
580&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;211
580&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Credit facility (C)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;12
088
594&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;10
123
544&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Bourbon term loan (D)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;744
900&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;5% Convertible notes (E)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1
675
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1
675
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;13
975
174&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;12
789

890 or $345
076 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&amp;#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&amp;#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &amp;#8364;0 and &amp;#8364;31
466 or $34
141 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate)
 at March 31
 2016 and 2015

 GCP issued a promissory note (the &amp;#8220;GCP Note&amp;#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to affiliates. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $211

 the Company and CB-USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (&amp;#8220;Keltic&amp;#8221;)
 which
 as amended

 the Company and CB-USA entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &amp;#8220;Amended Agreement&amp;#8221;) with ACF FinCo I LP (&amp;#8220;ACF&amp;#8221;)
 as successor in interest to Keltic
 in order to amend certain terms of the Credit Facility and the Bourbon Term Loan (defined below). Among other changes
 the Amended Agreement modified certain aspects of the existing Credit Facility
 including increasing the maximum amount of the Credit Facility from $8
000
000 to $12
000
000 and increasing the inventory sub-limit from $4
000
000 to $6
000
000. In addition
 the term of the Credit Facility was extended from December 31
 2016 to July 31
 2019. The Credit Facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%. As of March 31
 2016
 the Credit Facility interest rate was 6.00%. The monthly facility fee is 0.75% per annum of the maximum Credit Facility. The Amended Agreement contains EBITDA targets allowing for further interest rate reductions in the future. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $120

 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Operating Officer
 T. Kelley Spillane
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Senior Vice President - Global Sales
 and Alfred J. Small
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Senior Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary
 (b) certain participants in the Bourbon Term Loan and (c) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 a director of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s Chairman
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 a director of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 a former director of the Company
 Dennis Scholl
 a former director of the Company
 and Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder of the Company
 of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer
 Henry Beinstein
 a director of the Company
 is a director and Phillip Frost M.D. is a principal shareholder
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 the Company
 CB-USA and ACF

 on September 22
 2014
 ACF entered into an amendment to that certain Subordination Agreement
 dated as of August 7
 2013 (as amended
 the &amp;#8220;Subordination Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 by and among ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic

 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment (the &amp;#8220;Loan Agreement Amendment&amp;#8221;) to the Amended Agreement. Among other changes
 the Loan Agreement Amendment increased the amount of the Credit Facility from $12
000
000 to $19
000
000
 including a sublimit in the maximum principal amount of $7
000
000 to permit the Company to acquire aged whiskey inventory (the &amp;#8220;Purchased Inventory Sublimit&amp;#8221;) subject to certain conditions set forth in the Amended Agreement. The maturity date remained unchanged at July 31
 2019. The Company and CB-USA are permitted to prepay the Credit Facility in whole or the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 in whole or in part
 subject to certain prepayment penalties as set forth in the Loan Agreement Amendment. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit replaces the Bourbon Term Loan
 which was paid in full in the normal course of business. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2016
 the interest rate applicable to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit was 7.75%. The monthly facility fee remains 0.75% per annum of the maximum principal amount of the Credit Facility (excluding the Purchased Inventory Sublimit). Also
 the Company must pay a monthly facility fee of $2
000 with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit until all obligations with respect thereof are fully paid and performed. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $45

 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 T. Kelley Spillane and Alfred J. Small and (b) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 Dennis Scholl and Vector Group Ltd.
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 the Company

 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small
 to allow for the sale of participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. The participation agreement provides that ACF&amp;#8217;s commitment to fund each advance of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit shall be limited to seventy percent (70%)
 up to an aggregate maximum principal amount for all advances equal to $4
900
000. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the participation agreement. However
 the Company and CB-USA are party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Company and CB-USA were obligated to pay the junior participants a closing fee of $18
000 on the effective date of the Loan Agreement Amendment and are obligated to pay a commitment fee of $18

 the Company and CB-USA may borrow up to the lesser of (x) $19
000
000 and (y) the sum of the borrowing base calculated in accordance with the Amended Agreement and the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 6% through August 9
 2015
 then 5.75% through December 15
 2015
 then 6% through March 31
 2016. For the year ended March 31
 2015
 the Company paid interest at 6.0%. For the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 7.5% through December 15
 2015
 and then at 7.75% through March 31
 2016 on the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Credit Facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &amp;#8220;Default&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Event of Default&amp;#8221; (as defined under the Amended Agreement)
 the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Credit Facility interest rate. There have been no Events of Default under the Credit Facility. ACF also receives a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default) in addition to the facility fee with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. The Amended Agreement contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Amended Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&amp;#8217;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens and make distributions or cash dividends. The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement Amendment are secured by the grant of a pledge and security interest in all of the assets of the Borrower. At March 31
 2016
 the Company was in compliance
 in all respects

 the Company used $3
000
000 of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit to acquire aged bourbon inventory. Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($150
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 Richard J. Lampen ($100
000) and Alfred J. Small ($15
000) each acquired participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. Under the terms of the participation agreement
 the participants receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $12
088
594 and $10
123
544
 respectively
 due on the Credit Facility was included in long-term liabilities. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 there was $6
911
406 and $1
876
456
 respectively

 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
496
000 (the &amp;#8220;Bourbon Term Loan&amp;#8221;) that was used to purchase&amp;#160;bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. In August 2013
 the Bourbon Term Loan was amended to provide the Company with the ability to increase the maximum aggregate principal amount of the Bourbon Term Loan from $2
500
000 to up to $4
000
000 to finance the purchase of aged whiskies following the identification of junior participants to purchase a portion of the increased Bourbon Term Loan amount. The Bourbon Term Loan interest rate was the rate that
 when annualized
 was the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2015

000 of the Bourbon Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Bourbon Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000) and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000) (amounts shown are initial purchase amounts). Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants received interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA was a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower was party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower was obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15

900 at March 31
 2015. In May 2015

 the Company entered into a 5% Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Note Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with the purchasers party thereto
 under which the Company issued an aggregate initial principal amount of $2
125
000 of unsecured subordinated notes (the &amp;#8220;Convertible Notes&amp;#8221;). The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
 until their maturity date of December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 are convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the &amp;#8220;Conversion Price&amp;#8221;). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each note holder to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on

 including an affiliate of Dr. Phillip Frost ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn ($200
000)
 Dennis Scholl ($100
000)
 and Vector Group Ltd. ($200


 each purchaser of the Convertible Notes was required to execute a joinder to the subordination agreement

 2015
 Convertible Note holders converted $450
000 of Convertible Notes and $1
417 of accrued interest thereon into 501
574 shares of common stock. At each of March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $1
675
000 of principal due on the Convertible Notes was included in long-term liabilities


 which provides for the production of blended Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. The Irish Distillery may terminate the contract if it provides at least six years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides the Irish Distillery with a forecast of the estimated amount of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next four fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 90% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June 30
 2016
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &amp;#8364;883
673 or $946
661&amp;#160;(translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &amp;#8364;783
469
&amp;#160;or $889
653
&amp;#160;has been purchased as of March 31
 2016. For the contract year ending June 30
 2017
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &amp;#8364;900
386 or $1
022
415 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey. The Company is not obligated to pay the Irish Distillery for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement

 which provides for the production of single malt Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. The Irish Distillery may terminate the contract if it provides at least thirteen years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides the Irish Distillery with a forecast of the estimated amount of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next twelve fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 80% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June 30
 2016
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &amp;#8364;343
787 or $390
380&amp;#160;(translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &amp;#8364;288
781
 or&amp;#160;$327
920
&amp;#160;has been purchased as of March 31
 2016. For the year ending June 30
 2017
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &amp;#8364;394
961 or $448
490 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey. The Company is not obligated to pay the Irish Distillery for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement

 which provides for the production of newly distilled bourbon whiskey through December 31
 2019. Under this agreement
 the distiller provides the Company with an agreed upon amount of original proof gallons of newly distilled bourbon whiskey
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company contracted and purchased approximately $1
643
000 in newly distilled bourbon. For the contract year ending December 31
 2016
 the Company contracted to purchase approximately $2
053
750 in newly distilled bourbon
 none of which had been purchased as of March 31
 2016.&amp;#160;The Company is not obligated to pay the distiller for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement

 one of the Company&amp;#8217;s products

 NY
 Dublin
 Ireland and Houston
 TX. The New York
 NY lease began on May 1
 2010 and expires on February 29
 2020 and provides for monthly payments of $26
255. The Dublin lease commenced on March 1
 2009 and extends through October 31
 2016 and provides for monthly payments of &amp;#8364;1
100 or $1
249 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate). The Houston
 TX lease commenced on April 27
 2015 and extends through June 26
 2018 and provides for monthly payments of $3

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 87%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;365
089&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;364
829&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;341
079&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;310
322&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;1
381

 the Company is obligated to pay its pro-rata share of utility and maintenance expenses on the leased premises. Rent expense under operating leases amounted to approximately $335
047
 $359
714 and $356
280 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively

 the Company was obligated to pay an earn-out to the sellers based on the financial performance of the acquired business. As of June 30
 2013
 the Company had reached the specified case sale threshold for contingent consideration under the agreement. Accordingly
 no further contingent consideration will be due. For the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the sellers earned $0
 $0 and $5
940
 respectively

 in August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Credit Facility
 as amended in July 2012
 March 2013
 August 2013
 November 2013
 August 2014

 the Company believes that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries is currently subject to litigation which
 in the opinion of management after consultation with counsel

 even if not meritorious

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;16
513
079&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;18
536
509&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;17
207
372&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
963
408&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Gross profit&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
627
314&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;7
056
402&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;6
702
095&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;8
167
759&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Net (loss) income&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(850
144&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(682
057&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(595
911&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;421
406&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(273
518&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(329
214&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(211
792&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;4
862&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Net (loss) income attributable to controlling interests&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
123
662&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
011
271&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(807
703&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;426
268&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Net (loss) income attributable to common&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;stockholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
123
662&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
011
271&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(807
703&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;426
268&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Net (loss) income per common share
 basic
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(0.01&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(0.01&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(0.01&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Net (loss) income per common share
 diluted
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(0.01&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(0.01&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(0.01&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Weighted average shares used in computation
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;basic
 attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;157
535
571&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;159
774
811&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;160
031
891&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;160
167
121&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;Weighted average shares used in computation
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; PADDING-LEFT: 0px; PADDING-RIGHT: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; PADDING-TOP: 0px&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;diluted
 attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;157
535
571&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;159
774
811&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;160
031
891&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;167
331


982

381

936

157

546
654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; 4
883
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; 5
994
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; 6
147

190



102




666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;Net loss attributable to controlling interests&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; (1
495

080



495

080



 basic and diluted

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; 153
929
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; 155
189
679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; 155
838
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.25pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div style=CLEAR:both;CLEAR: both&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt;FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; 156
882


 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;

 2016 and 2015 and the Company&amp;#8217;s income tax benefit for the year ended March 31
 2014 consist of federal
 state and local taxes attributable to GCP
 which does not file a consolidated income tax return with the Company
 and foreign taxes. As of March 31
 2016
 the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $83
960
000 for U.S. tax purposes
 which expire through 2036
 and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $20
100
000

 on a financial statement basis
 from foreign sources totaled $129
814 for the year ended March 31
 2016
 $90
466 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and $168
233 for the year ended March 31


 2016:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 61%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Current&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
183
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;397
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
580
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(148
152&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(129
152&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
034
848&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;416
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
450
848&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;March 31
 2015:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Current&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;608
589&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;382
232&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;990
821&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;214
958&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;73
220&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;288
178&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;823
547&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;455
452&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
278
999&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;March 31
 2014:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Current&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;31
068&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;31
068&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(550
482&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(71
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(621
482&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(550
482&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(39
932&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(590

 2015 the Company incurred $19

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 58%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Computed expected tax benefit
 at 34%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 2%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(34.00)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 2%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(34.00)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 2%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(34.00)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Permanent items&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;176.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;3.10&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.80&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;371.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;81.8&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;5.80&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net change in fair value of warrant liability&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;25.20&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Effect of foreign rate differential&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;12.20&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;1.80&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.50&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Intercompany profit&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;13.90&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;2.60&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(0.50)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;3.10&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;State and local taxes

 the Company recorded a deferred tax liability on the ascribed value of the acquired intangible assets of $2
222
222

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred income tax assets:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Foreign currency transactions&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;144
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;74
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;103
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;67
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Inventory&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;857
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;588
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Stock based compensation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;679
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;522
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards &amp;#151; U.S.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;33
585
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;32
676
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards &amp;#151; foreign&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
003
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
990
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total gross assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;37
373
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;35
919
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(37
355
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(35
882
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net deferred asset&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;18
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;37
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred income tax liability:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Intangible assets acquired in acquisition of subsidiary&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(629
444&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(629
444&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Intangible assets acquired in investment in GCP&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(592
556&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(740
708&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net deferred income tax liability&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
222
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
370

 2013
 the Company recorded a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as it believed it was more likely than not that such deferred tax assets would not be realized. The Company released its deferred tax asset valuation allowance allocated to GCP as of March 31
 2014 due to management&amp;#8217;s determination that it was &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; that the GCP&amp;#8217;s deferred tax assets would be realized. &amp;#8220;More likely than not&amp;#8221; is defined as greater than 50% probability of occurrence. Management considered the guidance in paragraphs 21-23 of ASC 740-10-30 in forming its conclusion. A determination as to the ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon management&amp;#8217;s judgment and evaluation of both positive and negative evidence
 forecasts of future taxable income
 applicable tax planning strategies
 and an assessment of current and future economic and business conditions. In 2014
 GCP was in a position of cumulative profitability on a pre-tax basis
 considering its operating results for the three years ended March 31
 2014. Management concluded that this record of cumulative profitability in recent years
 in addition to a long range forecast showing continued profitability for GCP
 provided sufficient positive evidence that the net U.S. federal tax benefits more likely than not would be realized. Accordingly
 in the year ended March 31
 2014
 the Company released the valuation allowance against GCP&amp;#8217;s net federal deferred assets
 resulting in a $473
330 benefit in provision for income taxes for the year ended March 31
 2014. The Company recognized the $473
330 benefit in provision for income taxes as an expense for the year ended March 31
 2015. In addition
 at March 31
 2014
 the Company changed its estimate of the cumulative deferred tax asset allocated to the amortization of intangibles. The Company&amp;#8217;s income tax benefit and effective tax rate for the years ended March 31
 2016

 2016 and 2015 was approximately $37
355
000 and $35
882
000
 respectively. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the years ended March 31
 2016 and 2015 was $1
473
000 and $1
163
000


 2016:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 61%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Current&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
183
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;397
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
580
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(148
152&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;19
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(129
152&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
034
848&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;416
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
450
848&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;March 31
 2015:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Current&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;608
589&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;382
232&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;990
821&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;214
958&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;73
220&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;288
178&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;823
547&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;455
452&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
278
999&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;March 31
 2014:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Current&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#151;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;31
068&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;31
068&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(550
482&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(71
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(621
482&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(550
482&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(39
932&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(590


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 58%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Computed expected tax benefit
 at 34%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 2%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(34.00)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 2%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(34.00)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 2%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; WIDTH: 12%; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(34.00)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Permanent items&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;176.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;3.10&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.80&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;371.5&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;81.8&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;5.80&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net change in fair value of warrant liability&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.00&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;25.20&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Effect of foreign rate differential&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;12.20&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;1.80&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.50&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Intercompany profit&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;13.90&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;2.60&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;(0.50)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;0.0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;3.10&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;State and local taxes


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap;&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-WEIGHT: bold colspan=2&gt; &lt;div&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=white-space:nowrap; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred income tax assets:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; WIDTH: 74%&gt; &lt;div&gt;Foreign currency transactions&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;144
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; WIDTH: 10%&gt; &lt;div&gt;74
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; WIDTH: 1%&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;103
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;67
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Inventory&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;857
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;588
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Stock based compensation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;679
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;522
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards &amp;#151; U.S.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;33
585
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;32
676
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards &amp;#151; foreign&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
003
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;1
990
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;2
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Total gross assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;37
373
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;35
919
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(37
355
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(35
882
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net deferred asset&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;18
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;37
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div&gt;Deferred income tax liability:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Intangible assets acquired in acquisition of subsidiary&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(629
444&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(629
444&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Intangible assets acquired in investment in GCP&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(592
556&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 1pt solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(740
708&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: white; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(204,238,255); VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;Net deferred income tax liability&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
222
000&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 2.5pt&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: left&gt; &lt;div&gt;$&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: black 2.5pt double; TEXT-ALIGN: right&gt; &lt;div&gt;(1
370





 net and Cost of sales include excise taxes of $7
451
569
 $6
754
453 and $6
420
730 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014













    





 GCP issued a promissory note (the &#8220;GCP Note&#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling&#39;s Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to affiliates. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $211




 the Company and CB-USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (&#8220;Keltic&#8221;)
 which
 as amended
 provides for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a facility of up to $19.0 million (the &#8220;Credit Facility&#8221;) for the purpose of providing the Company with working capital. In September 2014
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Amended Agreement&#8221;) with ACF FinCo I LP (&#8220;ACF&#8221;)
 as successor in interest to Keltic
 in order to amend certain terms of the Credit Facility and the Bourbon Term Loan (defined below). Among other changes
 the Amended Agreement modified certain aspects of the existing Credit Facility
 including increasing the maximum amount of the Credit Facility from $8
000
000 to $12
000
000 and increasing the inventory sub-limit from $4
000
000 to $6
000
000. In addition
 the term of the Credit Facility was extended from December 31
 2016 to July 31
 2019. The Credit Facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%. As of March 31
 2016
 the Credit Facility interest rate was 6.00%. The monthly facility fee is 0.75% per annum of the maximum Credit Facility. The Amended Agreement contains EBITDA targets allowing for further interest rate reductions in the future. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $120
000 amendment fee in connection with the execution of the Amended Agreement. In connection with the amendment
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Operating Officer
 T. Kelley Spillane
 the Company&#8217;s Senior Vice President - Global Sales
 and Alfred J. Small
 the Company&#8217;s Senior Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary
 (b) certain participants in the Bourbon Term Loan and (c) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s Chairman
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 a former director of the Company
 Dennis Scholl
 a former director of the Company
 and Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder of the Company
 of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer
 Henry Beinstein
 a director of the Company
 is a director and Phillip Frost M.D. is a principal shareholder
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 the Company
 CB-USA and ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic; (ii) an Amended and Restated Term Note; and (iii) an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note. In connection with the Amended Agreement
 on September 22
 2014
 ACF entered into an amendment to that certain Subordination Agreement
 dated as of August 7
 2013 (as amended
 the &#8220;Subordination Agreement&#8221;)
 by and among ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic
 and certain junior lenders to the Company; neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Subordination Agreement. In August 2015
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment (the &#8220;Loan Agreement Amendment&#8221;) to the Amended Agreement. Among other changes
 the Loan Agreement Amendment increased the amount of the Credit Facility from $12
000
000 to $19
000
000
 including a sublimit in the maximum principal amount of $7
000
000 to permit the Company to acquire aged whiskey inventory (the &#8220;Purchased Inventory Sublimit&#8221;) subject to certain conditions set forth in the Amended Agreement. The maturity date remained unchanged at July 31
 2019. The Company and CB-USA are permitted to prepay the Credit Facility in whole or the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 in whole or in part
 subject to certain prepayment penalties as set forth in the Loan Agreement Amendment. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit replaces the Bourbon Term Loan
 which was paid in full in the normal course of business. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2016
 the interest rate applicable to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit was 7.75%. The monthly facility fee remains 0.75% per annum of the maximum principal amount of the Credit Facility (excluding the Purchased Inventory Sublimit). Also
 the Company must pay a monthly facility fee of $2
000 with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit until all obligations with respect thereof are fully paid and performed. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $45
000 commitment fee in connection with the Loan Agreement Amendment. In connection with the Loan Agreement Amendment
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 T. Kelley Spillane and Alfred J. Small and (b) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 Dennis Scholl and Vector Group Ltd.
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 the Company
 CB-USA and ACF and (ii) an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note. ACF also required as a condition to entering into the Loan Agreement Amendment that ACF enter into a participation agreement with certain related parties of the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small
 to allow for the sale of participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. The participation agreement provides that ACF&#8217;s commitment to fund each advance of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit shall be limited to seventy percent (70%)
 up to an aggregate maximum principal amount for all advances equal to $4
900
000. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the participation agreement. However
 the Company and CB-USA are party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Company and CB-USA were obligated to pay the junior participants a closing fee of $18
000 on the effective date of the Loan Agreement Amendment and are obligated to pay a commitment fee of $18
000 on each anniversary of the effective date until the junior participants&#8217; obligations are terminated pursuant to the participation agreement. The Company and CB-USA are referred to individually and collectively as the Borrower. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement Amendment
 the Company and CB-USA may borrow up to the lesser of (x) $19
000
000 and (y) the sum of the borrowing base calculated in accordance with the Amended Agreement and the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 6% through August 9
 2015
 then 5.75% through December 15
 2015
 then 6% through March 31
 2016. For the year ended March 31
 2015
 the Company paid interest at 6.0%. For the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 7.5% through December 15
 2015
 and then at 7.75% through March 31
 2016 on the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Credit Facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &#8220;Default&#8221; or &#8220;Event of Default&#8221; (as defined under the Amended Agreement)
 the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Credit Facility interest rate. There have been no Events of Default under the Credit Facility. ACF also receives a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default) in addition to the facility fee with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. The Amended Agreement contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Amended Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&#8217;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens and make distributions or cash dividends. The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement Amendment are secured by the grant of a pledge and security interest in all of the assets of the Borrower. At March 31
 2016
 the Company was in compliance
 in all respects
 with the covenants under the Amended Agreement. In August 2015
 the Company used $3
000
000 of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit to acquire aged bourbon inventory. Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($150
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 Richard J. Lampen ($100
000) and Alfred J. Small ($15
000) each acquired participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. Under the terms of the participation agreement
 the participants receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $12
088
594 and $10
123
544
 respectively
 due on the Credit Facility was included in long-term liabilities. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 there was $6
911
406 and $1
876
456
 respectively




 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
496
000 (the &#8220;Bourbon Term Loan&#8221;) that was used to purchase bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. In August 2013
 the Bourbon Term Loan was amended to provide the Company with the ability to increase the maximum aggregate principal amount of the Bourbon Term Loan from $2
500
000 to up to $4
000
000 to finance the purchase of aged whiskies following the identification of junior participants to purchase a portion of the increased Bourbon Term Loan amount. The Bourbon Term Loan interest rate was the rate that
 when annualized
 was the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2015
 the Company paid interest of 7.5%. Keltic required as a condition to funding the Bourbon Term Loan that Keltic had entered into a participation agreement (the &#8220;Participation Agreement&#8221;) providing for an initial aggregate amount of $750
000 of the Bourbon Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Bourbon Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000) and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000) (amounts shown are initial purchase amounts). Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants received interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA was a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower was party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower was obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
000. The balance on the Bourbon Term Loan included in notes payable totaled $744
900 at March 31
 2015. In May 2015




 the Company entered into a 5% Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Note Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with the purchasers party thereto
 under which the Company issued an aggregate initial principal amount of $2
125
000 of unsecured subordinated notes (the &#8220;Convertible Notes&#8221;). The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
 until their maturity date of December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 are convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the &#8220;Conversion Price&#8221;). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each note holder to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on
 the Convertible Notes. The purchasers of the Convertible Notes included related parties of the Company
 including an affiliate of Dr. Phillip Frost ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn ($200
000)
 Dennis Scholl ($100
000)
 and Vector Group Ltd. ($200
000). The Company may forcibly convert all or any part of the Convertible Notes and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon if (i) the average daily volume of the Company&#8217;s common stock (as reported on the principal market or exchange on which the common stock is listed or quoted for trading) exceeds $50
000 per trading day and (ii) the volume weighted average price of the common stock for at least twenty (20) trading days during any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period exceeds 250% of the then-current Conversion Price. Any forced conversion will be applied ratably to the holders of all Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement based on each holder&#8217;s then-current note holdings. In connection with the Note Purchase Agreement
 each purchaser of the Convertible Notes was required to execute a joinder to the subordination agreement
 by and among ACF and certain other junior lenders to the Company; the Company is not a party to the Subordination Agreement. In the year ended March 31
 2015
 Convertible Note holders converted $350
000 of Convertible Notes and $787 of accrued interest thereon into 389
676 shares of common stock. At each of March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $1
675
000 of principal due on the Convertible Notes was included in long-term liabilities












890 or $345
076 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &#8364;0 and &#8364;31
466 or $34
141 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate)
 at March 31
 2016 and 2015






















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
















    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    
    






    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    










    


    
    
    




    



 at Carrying Value

    
    
    



 Net
 Current


238 and $154
434 at March 31
 2016 and 2015





    



 Net


008 and $267
557 at March 31
 2016 and 2015

    




    



 Current

    



 Plant and Equipment
 Net

    
    



 Net (Excluding Goodwill)


372
585 and $6
713
774 at March 31
 2016 and 2015





    
    
    
    


    








    




    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    



 Current

    




    





625 of related-party participation at March 31
 2016 and none at March 31



    

063 of related-party participation at March 31

    





100
000 of related party participation at March 31




 Noncurrent

    






    


    
    




    



 Value


 $.01 par value
 25
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding at March 31




 Value


 $.01 par value
 300
000
000 shares authorized at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 160
474
777 and 157
187
658 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2016 and 2015





    


    
    



 Net of Tax

    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    












    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    






    

 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues



    
    























 Plant and Equipment







    
    








    


    
    
    


    
    










    
    
    




    


    
    




    
    
    



 Classified



    
    
    


    
    

 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security




 Interest Rate





































    


    






    


    






    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    






    



 Raw Materials

    



 Finished Goods

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    
    


    


    
    
    














    


    


    
    






    


    
    

 often within specific geographical areas or supply channels
 for a specified period of time



    
    
    




    




    










    


    
    


    






    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    



 Goods







    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    




    








    
    
    



 Extraordinary Items
 Noncontrolling Interest

    


    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    
    


    


    


    


    










    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    


    


    


    


    



 Interest Rate

































    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    







 Convertible




 Convertible




 Convertible




 Convertible
















 Amendment Fees


 Amendment Fees




 Value




 Shares

    


    
    



 Increase



    










    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    







 Shares






 Value





    
    



 Dividend Rate


 Dividend Rate




 Preferred Stock


 Preferred Stock














 Dividend Rate



    


    


    
    










    


    


    


    
    


    


    



 Options
 Grants in Period





    
    



 Nonvested Awards


 Nonvested Awards




 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not Yet Recognized

    



 Options

    




    


    


    


    






    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    








    









 Income Statement


 Income Statement



    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Goods



    


    


    


    








    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    



 Goods





    
    






    


    
    


    
    




    


    












    
    


    
    
    


    



 Net Of Tax

    



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment

    



 Net Of Tax

    



 Net Of Tax

    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    



 Value

    


    
    

 stock



    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    








    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    




    




    



 Continuing Operations

    




    



 Plant

    


    
    








    
    


    
    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    




    




    


    
    
    





 and accrued interest thereon













    
    
    


    
    


    
    





























 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment







    




    




    
    


    
    
    



 Value
 Share-based Compensation
 Net of Forfeitures

    



 Shares
 Share-based Compensation
 Net of Forfeitures

    




    


    




    
    



















 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment







    
    
    




    




    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    


    


    
    
    


    


    






    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    


    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    


    


    


    


    


    



 Future Minimum Payments Due






 Future Minimum Payments Due

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    







 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate







    
    


    


    


    



 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance

    


    


    
    
    



 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential

    








    
    


    


    


    



 Stock Options



    


    



 Stock Options



    
    



 Options
 Outstanding









    


    


    


    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Operating Loss Carryforwards

    



 Operating Loss Carryforwards

    



 Tax Credit Carryforwards

    




    




    




    




    






    






    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    



 Options






 Options
 Exercisable








 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period






 Options
 Exercisable








 Options
 Grants in Period

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Net

    


    


    









 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested








 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options





    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested








 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period






 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)




 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period






 Fair Value Assumptions

    
    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    
    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    
    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    
    


    
    
    






    



 Inputs



    

 Outstanding and exercisable


 Outstanding and exercisable

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




    


    



 Original Debt

    











 Options
 Exercisable



    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    
    

 excluding financial assets and goodwill



    






    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    




    










    




    










    







 State and Local
 Tax Expense (Benefit)






Other Reconciling Items

    






    



 State and Local Income Taxes







    



 Continuing Operations

    


    



 Share-Based Compensation

    








    
    



 Continuing Operations

    



 Net

    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    






    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    





 basic and diluted


 basic and diluted



    






    
    






    
    



 Shares




 Shares








 basic and diluted


 basic and diluted



    


    


    


    






    










    


    


    



 Net






 Basic


 basic




 Diluted


 diluted






 basic






 diluted






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2016
Jun. 09
 2016
Sep. 30
 2015































  2016






























































































600
000












Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



524
777









If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.

























































The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



























430
532


191
603



Accounts receivable - net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $245
238 and $154
434 at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively

410
571


550
990





279


750



Inventories&#151; net of allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $331
008 and $267
557 at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively

233
322


068
241





611
797


492
806





689
501


442
390





255


373



Intangible assets - net of accumulated amortization of $7
372
585 and $6
713
774 at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively

048
302


683
227





226


226



Investment in non-consolidated affiliate
 at equity

667







076


471





386


253





274
413


001
940














141





652
260


753
617





352
170


067
460





338
072


963
883





342
502


819
101










Credit facility (including $275
625 of related-party participation at March 31
 2016 and none at March 31
 2015)

088
594


123
544



Bourbon term loan (including $179
063 of related-party participation at March 31
 2015)



900



Notes payable - 5% Convertible notes (including $1
100
000 of related party participation at March 31
 2016 and 2015)

675
000


675
000





580


580





204
000


333
152





521
676


907
277

















Preferred stock
 $.01 par value
 25
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2016 and 2015






Common stock
 $.01 par value
 300
000
000 shares authorized at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 160
474
777 and 157
187
658 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively

604
748


571
877





866
671


626
893





878
079)


361
711)





193
794)


285
925)





399
546


551
134





353
191


543
529





752
737


094
663





274
413


001
940

































































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 netted by jurisdiction and classified as noncurrent.




























The aggregate amount of receivables to be collected from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




















































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
 -Paragraph 19
 20



























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the noncurrent portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).




























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Carrying value of the noncurrent portion of notes payable which were initially due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 and which are not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Cash and equivalents whose use in whole or in part is restricted for the long-term
 generally by contractual agreements or regulatory requirements.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




























Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015




238


434





008


557





372
585


713
774



Due to Other Related Parties
 Classified
 Current

625









063





100
000


100
000



Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued






Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding






Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued

474
777


187
658



Common stock
 shares outstanding

474
777


187
658










Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer) identified as Convertible Notes Payable to related parties
 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.

























































A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























The aggregate obligations owed to related parties other than affiliates
 officers or stockholders (for example
 owner's immediate families or employee pension trusts) at the financial statement date. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Sales
 net


220
368


457
421


140
483






666
798


884
632


536
667






553
570


572
789


603
816






222
659


254
818


529
684






385
851


488
336


533
711






513


540


254






005
547


077
905)


319
833)



Other (expense) income
 net




602








667




518)






867)


564)


962)



Interest expense
 net


088
539)


129
047)


062
219)










392
594)






858)


194
914)


562
126)



Income tax (expense) benefit
 net


450
848)


278
999)


414






706
706)


473
913)


971
712)






662)


829)


035)






516
368)


799
742)


906
747)










599)






516
368)


799
742)


291
346)



Net loss per common share
 basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders (in dollars per share)









Weighted average shares used in computation
 basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders (in shares)


380
223


456
341


511
444






 net and Cost of sales include excise taxes of $7
451
569
 $6
754
453 and $6
420
730 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014




































Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).



















































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses from ongoing operations
 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.


























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



















































































































The other noncash expense
 not otherwise specified in the taxonomy
 charged against earnings in the period to allocate the cost of tangible and intangible assets over their remaining economic lives.




























The net amount of other income and expense amounts
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014




451
569


754
453


420
730






The amount of excise and sales taxes included in sales and revenues
 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014




706
706)


473
913)


971
712)














131


009)


178





131


009)


178





614
575)


034
922)


778
534)







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)




















































































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















BALANCE at Mar. 31
 2013

910
233


013


087
730


661
542


270
623)


918
094)


282
665



BALANCE (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2013



701


773
034













971
712)








906
747)




035





178










178





Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs

347
302




946


293
356









Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs (in shares)





394
608















013)


656


643)













701)


465
610













848
332




271


747
061















127
123













976






168















758



















599


599)









187
968






187
968











914






914









BALANCE at Mar. 31
 2014

935
191




518
411


485
965


561
969)


724
916)


217
700



BALANCE (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2014





841
133













473
913)








799
742)




829





009)










009)





Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs

133
568




379


108
189









Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs (in shares)





537
924













965




578


387















657
802













250)






971)















902)













417




017


400















574













984




771


213















127













710






710









BALANCE at Mar. 31
 2015

094
663




571
877


626
893


361
711)


285
925)


543
529



BALANCE (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2015





187
658













706
706)








516
368)




662





131










131





Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs

127
113




193


105
920









Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs (in shares)





119
282













980




796


184















079
602













000






118















235













000)






000)











250
556






250
556









BALANCE at Mar. 31
 2016

752
737




604
748


866
671


878
079)


193
794)


353
191



BALANCE (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2016





474
777






































































































Aggregate cash
 stock
 and paid-in-kind dividends accrued for preferred shareholders during the period.



















































































































This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.




























Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling interest holders.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)



























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)






















































































 -Paragraph 29
 30



























Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
 -Paragraph 29
 30




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30




























 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31



























Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31






















































































 -Paragraph 29
 30



























Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014




876


347


341












Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage












Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014













706
706)


473
913)


971
712)














513


540


254





000


984)


726





127


942


178









392
594



Deferred income tax expense (benefit)
 net

152)


178


414)





667)




518





867


564


962





370
556


710


914





000


000


000



Changes in operations
 assets and liabilities:










040


671
925)


959
593)





471


462)


680)





498
338)


223
601)


246
553)





258)


587


188)





260)


000)


867)





163
818


321
722


127)





579




379





812)


642


064)





147
516)


378
087)


152
039





854
222)


852
000)


819
673)














462)


742)


693)





885)


109)


980)



Investment in non-consolidated affiliate
 at equity

000)













137









940)





604)


780)


476)














965
050


170
507


548
284)





900)


270
100)


000)







250
000)


250
000









125
000





743)


278


797)





251
989


319
915


531
643





876)


347)


341)





000)











715


848
332





980


984


976





087
500


626
952


493
529





745)


930


798





929


102


178





191
603


501


323





430
532


191
603


501


















349
539







250





Conversion of 5% convertible note
 and accrued interest thereon
 to common stock



417







099


973


782





079
387


525


848







The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amount of outstanding money paid in advance for goods or services that bring economic benefits for future periods and supplies. Also includes
 The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other current operating assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows.



















































































































This element represents that
 the amount of reversal of provision for obsolete inventory.

























































The sum of adjustments which are added to or deducted from net income or loss
 including the portion attributable to noncontrolling interest
 to reflect cash provided by or used in operating activities
 in accordance with the indirect cash flow method.





















































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.



































































































































































































































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in current receivables (due within one year or one operating cycle) to be collected from an entity that is controlling
 under the control of
 or within the same control group as the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of obligations to be paid to the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries; subsidiaries of a common parent; an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in interest payable
 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
 and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other assets used in operating activities not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows. May include changes in other current assets
 other noncurrent assets
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets.






















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The other noncash expense
 not otherwise specified in the taxonomy
 charged against earnings in the period to allocate the cost of tangible and intangible assets over their remaining economic lives.






















































































The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights
 excluding goodwill.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of or advances to an entity that is related to it but not strictly controlled (for example
 an unconsolidated subsidiary
 affiliate
 and joint venture or equity method investment) or the acquisition of an additional interest in a subsidiary (controlled entity).




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.

























































The net cash inflow or cash outflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).

























































The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock options. This item inherently excludes any excess tax benefit
 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.

























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015









Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation Of Financial Statements [Abstract]




Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure and Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]
 &#151; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Castle Brands Inc. (&#8220;the Company&#8221;)
 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&#8220;CB-USA&#8221;) and McLain &amp; Kyne
 Ltd. (&#8220;McLain &amp; Kyne&#8221;)
 the Company&#8217;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&#8220;CB-IRL&#8221;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&#8217;s 60% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. (&#8220;GCP&#8221;)
 &#151; The Company is principally engaged in the importation
 marketing and sale of premium and super premium rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
 tequila and related non-alcoholic beverage products in the United States
 Canada
 &#151; Goslings rums
 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning Goslings Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of Bermuda
 and Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 &#151;Premium small batch bourbons: Jefferson&#8217;s
 Jefferson&#8217;s Reserve
 Jefferson&#8217;s Chef&#8217;s Collaboration
 Jefferson&#8217;s Ocean Aged at Sea
 Jefferson&#8217;s Wine Finish Collection
 Jefferson&#8217;s Wood Experiments and Jefferson&#8217;s Presidential Select
 Jefferson&#8217;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey
 and Jefferson&#8217;s The Manhattan: Barrel Finished Cocktail
 a ready-to-drink cocktail; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions; Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; Knappogue Castle 1951
 a pure pot-still whiskey that has been aged for 36 years
 and Knappogue Twin Wood
 &#151; Pallini Limoncello
 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs
 pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement; Brady&#8217;s Irish Cream
 a premium Irish cream liqueur; Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; and Gozio amaretto
 a premium Italian liqueur
 &#151; Boru vodka
 an ultra-pure
 &#151; a USDA certified organic
 super-premium tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
 which is available as blanco
 - Equity investments are carried at original cost adjusted for the Company&#8217;s proportionate share of the investees&#8217; income
 &#151; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect anticipated losses on the trade accounts receivable balances. The Company calculates this allowance based on its history of write-offs
 level of past due accounts based on contractual terms of the receivables and its relationships with and economic status of its customers. For the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the Company recorded an addition to&#160;allowances for doubtful accounts of $61
000
 $236
000 and $403
409
 &#151; Revenue from product sales is recognized when the product is shipped to a customer (generally a distributor)
 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)
 &#151; Inventories are comprised of distilled spirits
 bulk wine
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
 and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&#8217;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 During the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the Company recorded&#160;an addition to allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $200
000
 $281
000 and $200
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with the disposition of wine brands
 label and packaging changes made to certain brands
 &#151; Equipment consists of office equipment
 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts
 &#151; Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price including related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis
 Under Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 350
 &#8220;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&#8221;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. An entity may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. If determined to be necessary
 the two-step impairment test shall be used. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results. Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates that most significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses and discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&#8217;s net assets exceeds the unit&#8217;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks
 Under the goodwill qualitative assessment at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of each reporting unit were identified
 including
 but not limited to: prior years&#8217; impairment testing results
 budget to actual results
 Company-specific facts and circumstances
 industry developments
 and the economic environment. Based on this assessment
 &#151; Under ASC 310
 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. There&#160;were no impairments recorded during the years ended March 31
 2016
 &#151; The Company reflects as inventory costs freight-in and related external handling charges relating to the purchase of raw materials and finished goods. These costs are charged to cost of sales at the time the underlying product is sold. The Company also incurs shipping costs in connection with its various marketing activities
 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&#8217;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $2
635
430
 $2
574
471 and $1
879
881 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 &#151; Excise taxes and duty are computed at standard rates based on alcohol proof per gallon/liter and are paid after finished goods are imported into the United States or other relevant jurisdiction and then transferred out of &#8220;bond.&#8221; Excise taxes and duty are recorded to inventory as a component of the cost of the underlying finished goods. When the underlying products are sold &#8220;ex warehouse&#8221;
 &#151; The Company incurs charges from its distributors for a variety of transactions and services rendered by the distributor
 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases
 &#151; The functional currency for the Company&#8217;s foreign operations is the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom. Under ASC 830
 &#8220;Foreign Currency Matters&#8221;
 &#151; ASC 825
 &#8220;Financial Instruments&#8221;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&#8217;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&#8217;s debt
 The Company&#8217;s investments are reported at fair value in accordance with authoritative guidance
Level 2 &#151; inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 &#151; Under ASC 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221;
 &#151; The costs of research
 &#151; Advertising costs are expensed when the advertising first appears in its respective medium. Advertising expense
 which is included in selling expense
 was $4
960
301
 $3
184
392 and $2
052
819 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 &#151; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
 &#151; In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases. The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
In January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
 Financial Instruments&#151;Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
 which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Changes to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity investments
 financial liabilities under the fair value option
 and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition
 the ASU clarifies guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 and upon adoption
The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 In September 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-16
 Business Combination (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments
 which requires adjustments to provisional amounts initially recorded in a business combination that are identified during the measurement period to be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. This includes any effect on earnings of changes in depreciation
 amortization
 or other income effects as a result of the change to the provisional amounts
 calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 also requires the disclosure of the nature and amount of measurement-period adjustments recognized in the current period
 including separately the amounts in current-period income statement line items that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. The guidance is effective for the Company beginning April 1
 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
 which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and is effective for periods beginning after April 1
 2017
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
 which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected. Upon adoption
 the Company will apply the new guidance on a retrospective basis and adjust the balance sheet of each individual period presented to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning April 1
 2016. In June
 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15
 Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting. This update addresses presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of credit arrangements. Commitment fees paid to the lender represent the benefit of being able to access capital over the contractual term
 and therefore
 are not in the scope of the new guidance and it is appropriate to present such fees as an asset on the balance sheet
 regardless of whether or not there are outstanding borrowings under the revolver. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue. This guidance includes the required steps to achieve the core principle that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 &#151; In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17&#151;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. As part of the FASB's accounting simplification initiative
 ASU 2015-17 removes the requirement to separate deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts in a classified statement of financial position. Instead
 the update requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. ASU 2015-17 is effective for entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 with retrospective application to all periods presented. Early adoption is permitted
 and the Company adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending March 31
 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.



































The entire disclosure for the organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure
 and significant accounting policies of the reporting entity. May be provided in more than one note to the financial statements
 as long as users are provided with an understanding of (1) the significant judgments and assumptions made by an enterprise in determining whether it must consolidate a VIE and/or disclose information about its involvement with a VIE
 (2) the nature of restrictions on a consolidated VIE's assets reported by an enterprise in its statement of financial position
 including the carrying amounts of such assets
 (3) the nature of
 and changes in
 the risks associated with an enterprise's involvement with the VIE
 and (4) how an enterprise's involvement with the VIE affects the enterprise's financial position
 financial performance
 and cash flows.  Describes procedure if disclosures are provided in more than one note to the financial statements.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







 Basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common share is computed giving effect to all potentially dilutive common shares that were outstanding during the period that are not anti-dilutive. Potentially dilutive common shares consist of incremental shares issuable upon exercise of stock options and warrants or conversion of convertible notes outstanding. In computing diluted net loss per share for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
13
508
11
988
11
174
120
1
777
1
861
1
861
2
361
15
369
13
969
15
312
920













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







March&#160;31
11
976
9
250
15
256
11
817
27
233
21
068
 As of March 31
 2016 and 2015
 11% and 10%
 respectively
 of raw materials and 5% and 4%
 respectively
In the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the Company acquired $5
441
432
 $5
333
763 and $3
343
500 of aged bourbon whiskey
 respectively
 The Company estimates the allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventory based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 expected future demand and market requirements.



































The entire disclosure for inventory. This may include
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







Investment in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc.
 For the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 GCP had pretax net income on a stand-alone basis of $3
475
006
 $814
573 and $2
337
759
 respectively. The Company allocated 40% of this net income
 or $1
390
002
 $325
829 and $935
035
 to non-controlling interest for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. Combined with the effects of income tax expense
 net
 allocated to noncontrolling interests as described in Note 1.Q Income Taxes
 the cumulative balance allocated to noncontrolling interests in GCP was $3
353
191 and $2
543
529 at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 In September 2015
 GCP declared and paid a $1
500
000 cash dividend to its shareholders. The Company recorded 60% of this dividend
 or $900
000
 as a return of capital and a reduction of its investment in GCP
 and allocated 40% of this dividend
 or $600
000
Investment in Copperhead Distillery Company
In June 2015
 CB-USA purchased 20% of Copperhead Distillery Company (&#8220;Copperhead&#8221;) for $500
000. Copperhead owns and operates the Kentucky Artisan Distillery. The investment was part of an agreement to build a new warehouse to store Jefferson&#8217;s bourbons
 provide distilling capabilities using special mash-bills made from locally grown grains and create a visitor center and store to enhance the consumer experience for the Jefferson&#8217;s brand. The investment has been used for the construction of a new warehouse in Crestwood
 Kentucky dedicated to the storage of Jefferson&#8217;s whiskies. The Company has accounted for this investment under the equity method of accounting. For the initial period ended March 31
 2016
 the Company recognized $18
667 of income from this investment. The investment balance was $518
667 at March 31
 2016.







The entire disclosure for cost method and equity method investments included basis
 impairment losses
 recognized or unrecognized gains (losses).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





EQUIPMENT
 NET


Mar. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
EQUIPMENT
March&#160;31
2
796
2
434
112
40
42
2
951
2
475
2
075
1
809
876
665
 Depreciation expense for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014 totaled $280
702
 $249
683 and $204
180
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







 The carrying amount of goodwill was $496
226 at each of March 31
March&#160;31
170
170
631
631
8
271
8
271
185
161
994
994
55
55
10
307
10
284
7
372
6
713
2
935
3
570
4
112
4
112
7
048
7
683
March&#160;31
170
170
331
295
6
065
5
513
29
24
776
710
7
372
6
713
Amortization expense for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014 totaled $658
811
 $655
769 and $654
005
Years ending March 31
660
660
642
602
49
2
615
652



































The entire disclosure for the aggregate amount of goodwill and a description of intangible assets
 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







 At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company had &#8364;303
890 or $345
076 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) and &#8364;303
657 or $329
471 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate)
 respectively
 of cash restricted from withdrawal and held by a bank in Ireland as collateral for overdraft coverage
 creditors&#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty and a revolving credit facility as described in Note 8A below.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016

Long-Term Debt
 Unclassified [Abstract]





March&#160;31
34
211
211
12
088
10
123
744
1
675
1
675
13
975
12
789
The Company has arranged various facilities aggregating &#8364;303
890 or $345
076 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &#8364;0 and &#8364;31
466 or $34
141 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate)
 at March 31
 2016 and 2015
In December 2009
 GCP issued a promissory note (the &#8220;GCP Note&#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to affiliates. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $211
In August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (&#8220;Keltic&#8221;)
 which
 as amended
 In September 2014
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Amended Agreement&#8221;) with ACF FinCo I LP (&#8220;ACF&#8221;)
 as successor in interest to Keltic
 in order to amend certain terms of the Credit Facility and the Bourbon Term Loan (defined below). Among other changes
 the Amended Agreement modified certain aspects of the existing Credit Facility
 including increasing the maximum amount of the Credit Facility from $8
000
000 to $12
000
000 and increasing the inventory sub-limit from $4
000
000 to $6
000
000. In addition
 the term of the Credit Facility was extended from December 31
 2016 to July 31
 2019. The Credit Facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%. As of March 31
 2016
 the Credit Facility interest rate was 6.00%. The monthly facility fee is 0.75% per annum of the maximum Credit Facility. The Amended Agreement contains EBITDA targets allowing for further interest rate reductions in the future. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $120
 In connection with the amendment
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Operating Officer
 T. Kelley Spillane
 the Company&#8217;s Senior Vice President - Global Sales
 and Alfred J. Small
 the Company&#8217;s Senior Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary
 (b) certain participants in the Bourbon Term Loan and (c) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s Chairman
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 a former director of the Company
 Dennis Scholl
 a former director of the Company
 and Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder of the Company
 of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer
 Henry Beinstein
 a director of the Company
 is a director and Phillip Frost M.D. is a principal shareholder
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 the Company
 CB-USA and ACF
 In connection with the Amended Agreement
 on September 22
 2014
 ACF entered into an amendment to that certain Subordination Agreement
 dated as of August 7
 2013 (as amended
 the &#8220;Subordination Agreement&#8221;)
 by and among ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic
 In August 2015
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment (the &#8220;Loan Agreement Amendment&#8221;) to the Amended Agreement. Among other changes
 the Loan Agreement Amendment increased the amount of the Credit Facility from $12
000
000 to $19
000
000
 including a sublimit in the maximum principal amount of $7
000
000 to permit the Company to acquire aged whiskey inventory (the &#8220;Purchased Inventory Sublimit&#8221;) subject to certain conditions set forth in the Amended Agreement. The maturity date remained unchanged at July 31
 2019. The Company and CB-USA are permitted to prepay the Credit Facility in whole or the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 in whole or in part
 subject to certain prepayment penalties as set forth in the Loan Agreement Amendment. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit replaces the Bourbon Term Loan
 which was paid in full in the normal course of business. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2016
 the interest rate applicable to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit was 7.75%. The monthly facility fee remains 0.75% per annum of the maximum principal amount of the Credit Facility (excluding the Purchased Inventory Sublimit). Also
 the Company must pay a monthly facility fee of $2
000 with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit until all obligations with respect thereof are fully paid and performed. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $45
 In connection with the Loan Agreement Amendment
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 T. Kelley Spillane and Alfred J. Small and (b) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 Dennis Scholl and Vector Group Ltd.
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 the Company
 ACF also required as a condition to entering into the Loan Agreement Amendment that ACF enter into a participation agreement with certain related parties of the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small
 to allow for the sale of participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. The participation agreement provides that ACF&#8217;s commitment to fund each advance of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit shall be limited to seventy percent (70%)
 up to an aggregate maximum principal amount for all advances equal to $4
900
000. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the participation agreement. However
 the Company and CB-USA are party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Company and CB-USA were obligated to pay the junior participants a closing fee of $18
000 on the effective date of the Loan Agreement Amendment and are obligated to pay a commitment fee of $18
 The Company and CB-USA are referred to individually and collectively as the Borrower. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement Amendment
 the Company and CB-USA may borrow up to the lesser of (x) $19
000
000 and (y) the sum of the borrowing base calculated in accordance with the Amended Agreement and the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 6% through August 9
 2015
 then 5.75% through December 15
 2015
 then 6% through March 31
 2016. For the year ended March 31
 2015
 the Company paid interest at 6.0%. For the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 7.5% through December 15
 2015
 and then at 7.75% through March 31
 2016 on the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Credit Facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &#8220;Default&#8221; or &#8220;Event of Default&#8221; (as defined under the Amended Agreement)
 the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Credit Facility interest rate. There have been no Events of Default under the Credit Facility. ACF also receives a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default) in addition to the facility fee with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. The Amended Agreement contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Amended Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&#8217;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens and make distributions or cash dividends. The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement Amendment are secured by the grant of a pledge and security interest in all of the assets of the Borrower. At March 31
 2016
 the Company was in compliance
 in all respects
 In August 2015
 the Company used $3
000
000 of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit to acquire aged bourbon inventory. Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($150
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 Richard J. Lampen ($100
000) and Alfred J. Small ($15
000) each acquired participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. Under the terms of the participation agreement
 the participants receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $12
088
594 and $10
123
544
 respectively
 due on the Credit Facility was included in long-term liabilities. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 there was $6
911
406 and $1
876
456
 respectively
In March 2013
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
496
000 (the &#8220;Bourbon Term Loan&#8221;) that was used to purchase&#160;bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. In August 2013
 the Bourbon Term Loan was amended to provide the Company with the ability to increase the maximum aggregate principal amount of the Bourbon Term Loan from $2
500
000 to up to $4
000
000 to finance the purchase of aged whiskies following the identification of junior participants to purchase a portion of the increased Bourbon Term Loan amount. The Bourbon Term Loan interest rate was the rate that
 when annualized
 was the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2015
 Keltic required as a condition to funding the Bourbon Term Loan that Keltic had entered into a participation agreement (the &#8220;Participation Agreement&#8221;) providing for an initial aggregate amount of $750
000 of the Bourbon Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Bourbon Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000) and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000) (amounts shown are initial purchase amounts). Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants received interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA was a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower was party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower was obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
 The balance on the Bourbon Term Loan included in notes payable totaled $744
900 at March 31
 2015. In May 2015
In October 2013
 the Company entered into a 5% Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Note Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with the purchasers party thereto
 under which the Company issued an aggregate initial principal amount of $2
125
000 of unsecured subordinated notes (the &#8220;Convertible Notes&#8221;). The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
 until their maturity date of December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 are convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the &#8220;Conversion Price&#8221;). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each note holder to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on
 The purchasers of the Convertible Notes included related parties of the Company
 including an affiliate of Dr. Phillip Frost ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn ($200
000)
 Dennis Scholl ($100
000)
 and Vector Group Ltd. ($200
 The Company may forcibly convert all or any part of the Convertible Notes and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon if (i) the average daily volume of the Company&#8217;s common stock (as reported on the principal market or exchange on which the common stock is listed or quoted for trading) exceeds $50
 In connection with the Note Purchase Agreement
 each purchaser of the Convertible Notes was required to execute a joinder to the subordination agreement
 In the year ended March 31
 2015
 Convertible Note holders converted $450
000 of Convertible Notes and $1
417 of accrued interest thereon into 501
574 shares of common stock. At each of March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $1
675
000 of principal due on the Convertible Notes was included in long-term liabilities
Years ending March 31
1
675
12
088
211
13
975
174













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







 &#151; In November 2014
 the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the 2014 Distribution Agreement) with Barrington Research Associates
 Inc. (Barrington)
 as sales agent
 under which the Company may issue and sell over time and from time to time
 to or through Barrington
 shares (the Shares) of its common stock&#160;having a gross sales price of up to $10
000
 Sales of the Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 if any
 may be effected by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at-the-market offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 including without limitation directly on the NYSE MKT LLC or any other existing trading market for the common stock or through a market maker
 up to the amount specified
 and otherwise to or through Barrington in accordance with the placement notices delivered by the Company to Barrington. Also
 with the prior consent of the Company
 some of the&#160;Shares may be sold in privately negotiated transactions. Under the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 Barrington will be entitled to compensation of 2.0 % of the gross proceeds from the sale of all of the Shares sold through Barrington
 as sales agent
 pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement. Also
 the Company will reimburse Barrington for certain expenses incurred in connection with the matters contemplated by the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 up to an aggregate of $50
000
 plus up to an additional $7
500 per calendar quarter related to ongoing maintenance; provided
 however
 During the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company sold 2
119
282 Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $3
251
989
 before deducting sales agent and issuance costs of $124
 From November 2014 through March 31
 2015
 the Company sold 1
290
581 Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $2
088
674
 before deducting sales agent and offering expenses of $122
 In November 2013
 the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the 2013 Distribution Agreement) with Barrington
 as sales agent
 under which the Company could issue and sell over time and from time to time
 to or through Barrington
 In the three months ended June 30
 2014
 the Company sold 1
247
343 Shares pursuant to the 2013 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $1
231
241
 before deducting sales agent and offering expenses of $64
198. No Shares were sold in the nine-month period from July 1
 2014 through March 31
 &#150; Holders of the Company&#8217;s 10% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 par value $0.01 per share (&#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&#8221;) were entitled to receive cumulative dividends at the rate per share (as a percentage of the stated value of $1
000 per share) of 10% per annum
 whether or not declared by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
 which were only payable in shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock or upon a liquidation. For the year ended March 31
 2014
 the Company recorded accrued dividends of $384
599
 On February 11
 2014
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approved the mandatory conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to their terms
 effective on or about February 24
 2014. Pursuant to the mandatory conversion
 all 6
271 outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 and accrued dividends thereon
 converted into 25
760
 &#151; In the period prior to the February 11
 2014 mandatory conversion
 holders of Series A Preferred Stock converted 430 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 and accrued dividends thereon
 into 1
704
 - In the year ended March 31
 2015

000 of Convertible Notes and $1

 - In September 2015
 GCP declared and paid a $1
500
000 cash dividend to its shareholders. The Company allocated 40% of this dividend
 or $600
000
 to non-controlling interests.&#160;No dividends were declared or paid in the year ended March 31
 2015.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







 The Company enters into forward contracts from time to time to reduce its exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. The Company recognizes in the balance sheet derivative contracts at fair value
 and reflects any net gains and losses currently in earnings. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company had no forward contracts outstanding. Gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts
 which was de minimis during the periods presented
 is included in other income and expense.



































The entire disclosure for foreign currency transactions and translation. This may include description of foreign currency transactions
 foreign currency gains and losses
 explanation of change in cumulative translation adjustment
 description of effect of subsequent foreign currency exchange rate change
 cumulative translation adjustment movement
 foreign currency translation adjustment by component movement
 translation adjustment for net investment hedge movement
 adjustment for long-term intercompany transactions
 schedule of long-term intercompany balances and any other foreign currency transactions and translation related items.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







 The Company accounts for taxes in accordance with ASC 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221;
 The Company&#8217;s income tax expense for the years ended March 31
 2016 and 2015 and the Company&#8217;s income tax benefit for the year ended March 31
 2014 consist of federal
 state and local taxes attributable to GCP
 which does not file a consolidated income tax return with the Company
 and foreign taxes. As of March 31
 2016
 the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $83
960
000 for U.S. tax purposes
 which expire through 2036
 and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $20
100
000
 The pre-tax income
 on a financial statement basis
 from foreign sources totaled $129
814 for the year ended March 31
 2016
 $90
466 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and $168
233 for the year ended March 31
 The Company did not have any undistributed earnings from foreign subsidiaries at March 31
March 31
1
183
397
1
580
(148
19
(129
1
034
416
1
450
March 31
608
382
990
214
73
288
823
455
1
278
March 31
31
31
(550
(71
(621
(550
(39
(590
 For the year ended March 31
 2015 the Company incurred $19
Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
Computed expected tax benefit
State and local taxes
 In connection with the investment in GCP
 the Company recorded a deferred tax liability on the ascribed value of the acquired intangible assets of $2
222
222
March&#160;31
144
74
103
67
857
588
679
522
33
585
32
676
2
003
1
990
2
2
37
373
35
919
(37
355
(35
882
18
37
(629
(629
(592
(740
(1
222
(1
370
 Through March 31
 2013
 the Company recorded a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as it believed it was more likely than not that such deferred tax assets would not be realized. The Company released its deferred tax asset valuation allowance allocated to GCP as of March 31
 2014 due to management&#8217;s determination that it was &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; that the GCP&#8217;s deferred tax assets would be realized. &#8220;More likely than not&#8221; is defined as greater than 50% probability of occurrence. Management considered the guidance in paragraphs 21-23 of ASC 740-10-30 in forming its conclusion. A determination as to the ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon management&#8217;s judgment and evaluation of both positive and negative evidence
 forecasts of future taxable income
 applicable tax planning strategies
 and an assessment of current and future economic and business conditions. In 2014
 GCP was in a position of cumulative profitability on a pre-tax basis
 considering its operating results for the three years ended March 31
 2014. Management concluded that this record of cumulative profitability in recent years
 in addition to a long range forecast showing continued profitability for GCP
 provided sufficient positive evidence that the net U.S. federal tax benefits more likely than not would be realized. Accordingly
 in the year ended March 31
 2014
 the Company released the valuation allowance against GCP&#8217;s net federal deferred assets
 resulting in a $473
330 benefit in provision for income taxes for the year ended March 31
 2014. The Company recognized the $473
330 benefit in provision for income taxes as an expense for the year ended March 31
 2015. In addition
 at March 31
 2014
 the Company changed its estimate of the cumulative deferred tax asset allocated to the amortization of intangibles. The Company&#8217;s income tax benefit and effective tax rate for the years ended March 31
 2016
 The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of March 31
 2016 and 2015 was approximately $37
355
000 and $35
882
000
 respectively. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the years ended March 31
 2016 and 2015 was $1
473
000 and $1
163
000
 respectively. The Company does not offset its deferred tax assets and liabilities because its deferred tax assets and liabilities are in different taxable entities which do not file consolidated returns.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016

Disclosure Of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-Based Payments [Abstract]




Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Text Block]
 &#151; In July&#160;2003
 the Company implemented the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2003 Plan&#8221;)
 which provides for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. Stock option grants under the Plan are granted with an exercise price at or above the fair market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant
 As established
 there were 2
000
000 shares of common stock available for distribution under the 2003 Plan. In January&#160;2009
 the Company&#8217;s shareholders approved an amendment to the 2003 Plan to increase the number of shares available under the 2003 Plan from 2
000
000 to 12
000
000 and to establish the maximum number of shares issuable to any one individual in any particular year. As of August 2013
 In October 2012
 the Company&#8217;s shareholders approved the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan (&#8220;2013 Plan&#8221;) which provides for an aggregate of 10
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s stock&#160;for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. As of March 31
 2016
 5
233
000 shares had been issued under the 2013 Plan
 with 4
767
 Stock-based compensation expense for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014 amounted to $1
370
556
 $787
710 and $393
914
 respectively
 of which $493
666
 $178
137 and $81
567
 respectively
 is included in selling expense and $876
890
 $609
573 and $312
347
 respectively
 is included in general and administrative expense for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. At March 31
 2016
 total unrecognized compensation cost amounted to approximately $3
199
593
 representing 5
576
273 unvested options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.25&#160;years. There were 1
079
602
 677
127 options and 80
758 options exercised during the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The Company did not recognize any related tax benefit for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
11
988
11
174
8
120
2
622
2
525
3
300
(1
079
(677
(80
(23
(1
033
(166
13
508
11
988
11
174
 7
931
7
064
5
511
The following table summarizes activity pertaining to options outstanding and exercisable at March 31
326
326
235
7
757
 6
549
3
954
2
273
529
3
027
403
17
17
98
98
7
7
13
508
7
931
4
190
 Total stock options exercisable as of March 31
 2016 were 7
931
The following summarizes activity pertaining to the Company&#8217;s unvested options for the years ended March 31
 2016
Unvested at March 31
3
871
3
300
(10
(1
499
Unvested at March 31
5
662
2
525
(954
(2
309
Unvested at March 31
4
924
2
622
(12
 (1
958
Unvested at March 31
5
576
 The fair value of each award under the 2003 and 2013 Plans is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and is affected by assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. The use of an option pricing model also requires the use of a number of complex assumptions including expected volatility
 risk-free interest rate
 expected dividends
 and expected term. Expected volatility is based on the Company&#8217;s historical volatility and the volatility of a peer group of companies over the expected life of the option. The expected term and vesting of the options represents the estimated period of time until exercise. The expected term was determined using the simplified method available under current guidance. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the option. The Company has not paid dividends on its common stock in the past and does not plan to pay any dividends on its common stock in the near future. Current authoritative guidance also requires the Company to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revise these estimates
 if necessary
March&#160;31
 The warrants issued in connection with the Series A Preferred Stock (the &#8220;2011 Warrants&#8221;) had an exercise price of $0.38 per share
 subject to adjustment
 The Company accounted for the 2011 Warrants issued in June 2011 in the consolidated financial statements as a liability&#160;at their initial fair value of $487
022 and accounted for the 2011 Warrants issued in October 2011 as a liability&#160;at their initial fair value of $780
972. Changes in the fair value of the 2011 Warrants were recognized in earnings for each subsequent reporting period. In November 2013
 in accordance with certain terms of the 2011 Warrants
 the down-round provisions included in the terms of the warrant ceased to be in force or effect as a result of the historical volume weighted average price and trading volume of the Company&#8217;s common stock. The Company then reclassed the fair value of the outstanding warrant liability of $6
187
968 to equity
 For the year ended March 31
 2014 the Company recorded a loss&#160;on the change in the value of the 2011 Warrants of $5
392
 &#150; On April 2
 2014
 the Company called for the cancellation of all 1
657
802 unexercised 2011 Warrants pursuant to the terms of such 2011 Warrants after satisfying applicable conditions. Pursuant to the call for cancellation
 holders of all 1
657
802 unexercised 2011 Warrants exercised such 2011 Warrants and received 1
657
802 shares of common stock. The Company received $629
965 in cash upon the exercise of these warrants. In the year ended March 31
 2014
 holders of 2011 Warrants exercised 10
127
123 2011 Warrants and received shares of common stock. The Company received $3
848
 For the year ended March 31
 2016
 120
Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31
11
904
(10
127
Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March&#160;31
1
777
(1
657
Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31
120
(120
Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31
 2016







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







Pallini S.p.A. (&#8220;Pallini&#8221;)
 as successor in interest to I.L.A.R. S.p.A.
 is a shareholder in the Company and one of the officers of Pallini served as a director of the Company until March 26
 2015. In January 2011
 CB-USA entered into an agreement (New Agreement) with Pallini regarding the importation and distribution of certain Pallini brand products. The terms of the New Agreement were effective as of April 1
 Pallini is no longer a related party effective April 1
 For the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company purchased goods from Pallini for $3
840
446 and $3
467
812
 respectively. As of March 31
 2015 and 2014
 Pallini owed the Company $138
750 and $115
288
 respectively
 for its share of marketing expense
 which is included in due from shareholders and affiliates on the consolidated balance sheet. As of March 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company was indebted to Pallini for $511
146 and $229
557
 respectively
In November&#160;2008
 the Company entered into a management services agreement with Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder
 under which Vector Group agreed to make available to the Company the services of Richard J. Lampen
 Vector Group&#8217;s executive vice president
 effective October&#160;11
 2008 to serve as the Company&#8217;s president and chief executive officer and to provide certain other financial and accounting services
 including assistance with complying with Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In consideration for such services
 the Company agreed to pay Vector Group an annual fee of $100
000
 plus any direct
 out-of-pocket costs
 fees and other expenses incurred by Vector Group or Mr.&#160;Lampen in connection with providing such services
 and to indemnify Vector Group for any liabilities arising out of the provision of the services. The agreement is terminable by either party upon 30&#160;days&#8217; prior written notice. For the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 Vector Group was paid $85
396
 $135
475 and $104
746
 respectively
In November&#160;2008
 the Company entered into an agreement to reimburse Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. (&#8220;LTS&#8221;) for its costs in providing certain administrative
 legal and financial services to the Company. For the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 LTS was paid $131
054
 $210
875 and $126
000
 respectively
 under this agreement. Mr.&#160;Lampen
 the Company&#8217;s president and chief executive officer and a director
 is the president and chief executive officer and a director of LTS and four other directors of the Company serve as directors of LTS
 including Phillip Frost
As described in Note 8C
 in March 2013
 the Company entered into a Participation Agreement with certain related parties. As described in Notes 8D and 8E
 in August and October 2013
 the Company entered into various notes with certain related parties.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







The Company has entered into a supply agreement with an Irish distiller (&#8220;Irish Distillery&#8221;)
 which provides for the production of blended Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. The Irish Distillery may terminate the contract if it provides at least six years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides the Irish Distillery with a forecast of the estimated amount of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next four fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 90% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June 30
 2016
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &#8364;883
673 or $946
661&#160;(translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &#8364;783
469
&#160;or $889
653
&#160;has been purchased as of March 31
 2016. For the contract year ending June 30
 2017
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &#8364;900
386 or $1
022
415 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey. The Company is not obligated to pay the Irish Distillery for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement
The Company has also entered into a supply agreement with the Irish Distillery
 which provides for the production of single malt Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. The Irish Distillery may terminate the contract if it provides at least thirteen years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides the Irish Distillery with a forecast of the estimated amount of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next twelve fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 80% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June 30
 2016
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &#8364;343
787 or $390
380&#160;(translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &#8364;288
781
 or&#160;$327
920
&#160;has been purchased as of March 31
 2016. For the year ending June 30
 2017
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &#8364;394
961 or $448
490 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey. The Company is not obligated to pay the Irish Distillery for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement
The Company has entered into a supply agreement with a bourbon distiller
 which provides for the production of newly distilled bourbon whiskey through December 31
 2019. Under this agreement
 the distiller provides the Company with an agreed upon amount of original proof gallons of newly distilled bourbon whiskey
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company contracted and purchased approximately $1
643
000 in newly distilled bourbon. For the contract year ending December 31
 2016
 the Company contracted to purchase approximately $2
053
750 in newly distilled bourbon
 none of which had been purchased as of March 31
 2016.&#160;The Company is not obligated to pay the distiller for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement
The Company has a distribution agreement with an international supplier to be the sole-producer of Celtic Honey
 one of the Company&#8217;s products
The Company leases office space in New York
 NY
 Dublin
 Ireland and Houston
 TX. The New York
 NY lease began on May 1
 2010 and expires on February 29
 2020 and provides for monthly payments of $26
255. The Dublin lease commenced on March 1
 2009 and extends through October 31
 2016 and provides for monthly payments of &#8364;1
100 or $1
249 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate). The Houston
 TX lease commenced on April 27
 2015 and extends through June 26
 2018 and provides for monthly payments of $3
 Years&#160;ending&#160;March&#160;31
365
364
341
310
1
381
 In addition to the above annual rental payments
 the Company is obligated to pay its pro-rata share of utility and maintenance expenses on the leased premises. Rent expense under operating leases amounted to approximately $335
047
 $359
714 and $356
280 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
Under the amended terms of the agreement under which the Company purchased McLain &amp; Kyne
 the Company was obligated to pay an earn-out to the sellers based on the financial performance of the acquired business. As of June 30
 2013
 the Company had reached the specified case sale threshold for contingent consideration under the agreement. Accordingly
 no further contingent consideration will be due. For the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the sellers earned $0
 $0 and $5
940
 respectively
As described in Note 8C
 in August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Credit Facility
 as amended in July 2012
 March 2013
 August 2013
 November 2013
 August 2014
Except as set forth below
 the Company believes that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries is currently subject to litigation which
 in the opinion of management after consultation with counsel
The Company may become involved in litigation from time to time relating to claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. These claims
 even if not meritorious
 could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







 &#151; The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents balances at various large financial institutions that
 at times
 &#151; Sales to one customer
 the Southern Wine and Spirits of America
 Inc. family of companies
 accounted for approximately
 31.4%
 29.7% and 31.9% of the Company&#8217;s net sales for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 and approximately 27.7% and 30.1% of accounts receivable at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.







The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







The Company operates in one reportable segment &#151; the sale of premium beverage alcohol. The Company&#8217;s product categories are rum
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
The consolidated financial statements include revenues and assets generated in or held in the U.S. and foreign countries. The following table sets forth the amounts and percentage of consolidated sales
 net
 consolidated income (loss) from operations
 consolidated net loss attributable to controlling interests
 consolidated income tax (expense) benefit and consolidated assets from the U.S. and foreign countries and consolidated sales
 Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
Consolidated Sales
9
302
7
938
7
305
62
918
49
519
40
834
Total Consolidated Sales
72
220
57
457
48
140
(34
17
1
039
(1
095
(1
319
1
005
(1
077
(1
319
11
(101
(153
(2
527
(3
698
(8
753
(2
516
(3
799
(8
906
Income tax (expense) benefit
(1
450
(1
278
590
Consolidated Sales
18
858
16
998
16
643
26
009
19
147
13
521
8
567
8
756
8
992
2
364
2
413
2
852
198
208
218
284
16
222
9
933
5
626
Total Consolidated Sales
72
220
57
457
48
140
 As&#160;of&#160;March&#160;31
2
786
2
052
47
506
41
986
50
292
44
038
940



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







&#160;Sales
16
513
18
536
17
207
19
963
6
627
7
056
6
702
8
167
(850
(682
(595
421
(273
(329
(211
4
(1
123
(1
011
(807
426
(1
123
(1
011
(807
426
&#160;Net (loss) income per common share
 basic
&#160;Net (loss) income per common share
 diluted
&#160;Weighted average shares used in computation
&#160;basic
157
535
159
774
160
031
160
167
&#160;Weighted average shares used in computation
&#160;diluted
157
535
159
774
160
031
167
331
 &#160;Sales
 11
982
 13
381
 15
936
 16
157
 4
546
 4
883
 5
994
 6
147
 (1
190
 (869
 (311
 (1
102
 (305
 (211
 (279
 469
 (1
495
 (1
080
 (590
 (632
 (1
495
 (1
080
 (590
 (632
 &#160;Net loss per common share
 basic and diluted
 &#160;Weighted average shares used in computation
 &#160;basic and diluted
 153
929
 155
189
 155
838
 156
882
587



































The entire disclosure for the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements.  The disclosure may include a tabular presentation of financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year
 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016






Basis of Accounting
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Castle Brands Inc. (&#8220;the Company&#8221;)
 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&#8220;CB-USA&#8221;) and McLain &amp; Kyne
 Ltd. (&#8220;McLain &amp; Kyne&#8221;)
 the Company&#8217;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&#8220;CB-IRL&#8221;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&#8217;s 60% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. (&#8220;GCP&#8221;)
 with adjustments for income or loss allocated based upon percentage of ownership. The accounts of the subsidiaries have been included as of the date of acquisition. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.




 &#151; The Company is principally engaged in the importation
 marketing and sale of premium and super premium rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka
 tequila and related non-alcoholic beverage products in the United States
 Canada
 Europe and Asia.




 &#151; Goslings rums
 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning Goslings Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of Bermuda
 and Goslings Stormy Ginger Beer
 &#151;Premium small batch bourbons: Jefferson&#8217;s
 Jefferson&#8217;s Reserve
 Jefferson&#8217;s Chef&#8217;s Collaboration
 Jefferson&#8217;s Ocean Aged at Sea
 Jefferson&#8217;s Wine Finish Collection
 Jefferson&#8217;s Wood Experiments and Jefferson&#8217;s Presidential Select
 Jefferson&#8217;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey
 and Jefferson&#8217;s The Manhattan: Barrel Finished Cocktail
 a ready-to-drink cocktail; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions; Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; Knappogue Castle 1951
 a pure pot-still whiskey that has been aged for 36 years
 and Knappogue Twin Wood
 &#151; Pallini Limoncello
 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs
 pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement; Brady&#8217;s Irish Cream
 a premium Irish cream liqueur; Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; and Gozio amaretto
 a premium Italian liqueur
 &#151; Boru vodka
 an ultra-pure
 &#151; a USDA certified organic
 super-premium tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
 which is available as blanco
 reposado and a&#241;ejo.



Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block]




Equity Method Investments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 - Equity investments are carried at original cost adjusted for the Company&#8217;s proportionate share of the investees&#8217; income
 losses and distributions. The Company assesses the carrying value of its equity investments when an indicator of a loss in value is present and records a loss in value of the investment when the assessment indicates that an other-than-temporary decline in the investment exists. The Company classifies its equity earnings of equity investments as a component of net income or loss.



Trade and Other Accounts Receivable
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect anticipated losses on the trade accounts receivable balances. The Company calculates this allowance based on its history of write-offs
 level of past due accounts based on contractual terms of the receivables and its relationships with and economic status of its customers. For the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the Company recorded an addition to&#160;allowances for doubtful accounts of $61
000
 $236
000 and $403
409
 respectively.



Revenue Recognition
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; Revenue from product sales is recognized when the product is shipped to a customer (generally a distributor)
 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)
 and collection is reasonably assured. Revenue is not recognized on shipments to control states in the United States until such time as product is sold through to the retail channel.



Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; Inventories are comprised of distilled spirits
 bulk wine
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
 and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&#8217;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 During the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the Company recorded&#160;an addition to allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $200
000
 $281
000 and $200
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with the disposition of wine brands
 label and packaging changes made to certain brands
 as well as wine spoilage and certain cost variances. The charges have been recorded as increases to Cost of Sales in the respective years.



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; Equipment consists of office equipment
 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the statement of operations. Equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets ranging from three to five years.



Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price including related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis
 Under Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 350
 &#8220;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&#8221;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. An entity may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. If determined to be necessary
 the two-step impairment test shall be used. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results. Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates that most significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses and discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&#8217;s net assets exceeds the unit&#8217;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks
 Under the goodwill qualitative assessment at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of each reporting unit were identified
 including
 but not limited to: prior years&#8217; impairment testing results
 budget to actual results
 Company-specific facts and circumstances
 industry developments
 and the economic environment. Based on this assessment
 the Company determined that no quantitative assessment was required.



Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; Under ASC 310
 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. There&#160;were no impairments recorded during the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014.



Shipping and Handling Cost
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; The Company reflects as inventory costs freight-in and related external handling charges relating to the purchase of raw materials and finished goods. These costs are charged to cost of sales at the time the underlying product is sold. The Company also incurs shipping costs in connection with its various marketing activities
 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&#8217;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $2
635
430
 $2
574
471 and $1
879
881 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.




 &#151; Excise taxes and duty are computed at standard rates based on alcohol proof per gallon/liter and are paid after finished goods are imported into the United States or other relevant jurisdiction and then transferred out of &#8220;bond.&#8221; Excise taxes and duty are recorded to inventory as a component of the cost of the underlying finished goods. When the underlying products are sold &#8220;ex warehouse&#8221;
 the sales price reflects the taxes paid and the inventoried excise taxes and duties are charged to cost of sales.




 &#151; The Company incurs charges from its distributors for a variety of transactions and services rendered by the distributor
 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases
 the cost of the promotional goods is charged to cost of sales and dollars off invoice are a reduction to revenue.




 &#151; The functional currency for the Company&#8217;s foreign operations is the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom. Under ASC 830
 &#8220;Foreign Currency Matters&#8221;
 the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are shown as a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations.



Fair Value Of Financial Instruments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; ASC 825
 &#8220;Financial Instruments&#8221;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&#8217;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&#8217;s debt
 The Company&#8217;s investments are reported at fair value in accordance with authoritative guidance
Level 2 &#151; inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.



Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; Under ASC 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221;
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. A valuation allowance is provided to the extent a deferred tax asset is not considered recoverable.



Research and Development Expense
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; The costs of research
 development and product improvement are charged to expense as incurred and are included in selling expense.



Advertising Costs
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; Advertising costs are expensed when the advertising first appears in its respective medium. Advertising expense
 which is included in selling expense
 was $4
960
301
 $3
184
392 and $2
052
819 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.



Use of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
 amortization and expense accruals.



New Accounting Pronouncements
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
 including the accounting for income taxes and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases. The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
In January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
 Financial Instruments&#151;Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
 which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Changes to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity investments
 financial liabilities under the fair value option
 and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition
 the ASU clarifies guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 and upon adoption
The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 In September 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-16
 Business Combination (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments
 which requires adjustments to provisional amounts initially recorded in a business combination that are identified during the measurement period to be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. This includes any effect on earnings of changes in depreciation
 amortization
 or other income effects as a result of the change to the provisional amounts
 calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 also requires the disclosure of the nature and amount of measurement-period adjustments recognized in the current period
 including separately the amounts in current-period income statement line items that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. The guidance is effective for the Company beginning April 1
 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
 which changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. The new guidance must be applied on a prospective basis and is effective for periods beginning after April 1
 2017
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
 which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected. Upon adoption
 the Company will apply the new guidance on a retrospective basis and adjust the balance sheet of each individual period presented to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning April 1
 2016. In June
 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15
 Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting. This update addresses presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of credit arrangements. Commitment fees paid to the lender represent the benefit of being able to access capital over the contractual term
 and therefore
 are not in the scope of the new guidance and it is appropriate to present such fees as an asset on the balance sheet
 regardless of whether or not there are outstanding borrowings under the revolver. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue. This guidance includes the required steps to achieve the core principle that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.




 &#151; In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-17&#151;Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. As part of the FASB's accounting simplification initiative
 ASU 2015-17 removes the requirement to separate deferred income tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts in a classified statement of financial position. Instead
 the update requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. ASU 2015-17 is effective for entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 with retrospective application to all periods presented. Early adoption is permitted
 and the Company adopted this guidance beginning with its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending March 31
 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.



























































































































The entire disclosure for the organization and operation of an entity's business
 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings).
























































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the equity method of accounting for investments in common stock or other interests including unconsolidated subsidiaries
 corporate joint ventures
 noncontrolling interests in real estate ventures
 limited partnerships
 and limited liability companies. The accounting policy may include information such as: (1) initially recording an investment in the stock of an investee at cost; (2) adjusting the carrying amount of the investment to recognize the investor's share of the earnings or losses of the investee after the date of acquisition; and (3) adjustments to reflect the investor's share of changes in the investee's capital (dividends). This disclosure may also include a detailed description of the policy for determining the amount of equity method losses recognized after an investment has been reduced to zero as a result of previous losses
 reasons for not using the equity method when the investor company owns 20 percent or more of the voting stock of the investee's company (including identification of the significant investee)
 reasons for using the equity method when the ownership percentage is less than 20 percent
 and discussion of recognition of equity method losses when an investor's total investment in an investee includes
 in addition to an investment in common stock
 other investments such as preferred stock and loans to the investee. An entity also may describe how such investments are assessed for impairment.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii



























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
 -Paragraph 3
 4





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
13
508
11
988
11
174
120
1
777
1
861
1
861
2
361
15
369
13
969
15
312
920



































Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
 by antidilutive securities.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016






Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block]
March&#160;31
11
976
9
250
15
256
11
817
27
233
21
068
241



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
 -Subparagraph a
b
c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





EQUIPMENT
 NET (Tables)


Mar. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
March&#160;31
2
796
2
434
112
40
42
2
951
2
475
2
075
1
809
876
665
373



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







March&#160;31
170
170
631
631
8
271
8
271
185
161
994
994
55
55
10
307
10
284
7
372
6
713
2
935
3
570
4
112
4
112
7
048
7
683
227




March&#160;31
170
170
331
295
6
065
5
513
29
24
776
710
7
372
6
713
774



Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block]
Years ending March 31
660
660
642
602
49
2
615
652
































































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016

Long-Term Debt
 Unclassified [Abstract]





March&#160;31
34
211
211
12
088
10
123
744
1
675
1
675
13
975
12
789
The Company has arranged various facilities aggregating &#8364;303
890 or $345
076 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &#8364;0 and &#8364;31
466 or $34
141 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate)
 at March 31
 2016 and 2015
In December 2009
 GCP issued a promissory note (the &#8220;GCP Note&#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to affiliates. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $211
In August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (&#8220;Keltic&#8221;)
 which
 as amended
 In September 2014
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Amended Agreement&#8221;) with ACF FinCo I LP (&#8220;ACF&#8221;)
 as successor in interest to Keltic
 in order to amend certain terms of the Credit Facility and the Bourbon Term Loan (defined below). Among other changes
 the Amended Agreement modified certain aspects of the existing Credit Facility
 including increasing the maximum amount of the Credit Facility from $8
000
000 to $12
000
000 and increasing the inventory sub-limit from $4
000
000 to $6
000
000. In addition
 the term of the Credit Facility was extended from December 31
 2016 to July 31
 2019. The Credit Facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%. As of March 31
 2016
 the Credit Facility interest rate was 6.00%. The monthly facility fee is 0.75% per annum of the maximum Credit Facility. The Amended Agreement contains EBITDA targets allowing for further interest rate reductions in the future. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $120
 In connection with the amendment
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Operating Officer
 T. Kelley Spillane
 the Company&#8217;s Senior Vice President - Global Sales
 and Alfred J. Small
 the Company&#8217;s Senior Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary
 (b) certain participants in the Bourbon Term Loan and (c) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s Chairman
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 a former director of the Company
 Dennis Scholl
 a former director of the Company
 and Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder of the Company
 of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer
 Henry Beinstein
 a director of the Company
 is a director and Phillip Frost M.D. is a principal shareholder
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 the Company
 CB-USA and ACF
 In connection with the Amended Agreement
 on September 22
 2014
 ACF entered into an amendment to that certain Subordination Agreement
 dated as of August 7
 2013 (as amended
 the &#8220;Subordination Agreement&#8221;)
 by and among ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic
 In August 2015
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment (the &#8220;Loan Agreement Amendment&#8221;) to the Amended Agreement. Among other changes
 the Loan Agreement Amendment increased the amount of the Credit Facility from $12
000
000 to $19
000
000
 including a sublimit in the maximum principal amount of $7
000
000 to permit the Company to acquire aged whiskey inventory (the &#8220;Purchased Inventory Sublimit&#8221;) subject to certain conditions set forth in the Amended Agreement. The maturity date remained unchanged at July 31
 2019. The Company and CB-USA are permitted to prepay the Credit Facility in whole or the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 in whole or in part
 subject to certain prepayment penalties as set forth in the Loan Agreement Amendment. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit replaces the Bourbon Term Loan
 which was paid in full in the normal course of business. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2016
 the interest rate applicable to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit was 7.75%. The monthly facility fee remains 0.75% per annum of the maximum principal amount of the Credit Facility (excluding the Purchased Inventory Sublimit). Also
 the Company must pay a monthly facility fee of $2
000 with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit until all obligations with respect thereof are fully paid and performed. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $45
 In connection with the Loan Agreement Amendment
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 T. Kelley Spillane and Alfred J. Small and (b) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 Dennis Scholl and Vector Group Ltd.
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 the Company
 ACF also required as a condition to entering into the Loan Agreement Amendment that ACF enter into a participation agreement with certain related parties of the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small
 to allow for the sale of participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. The participation agreement provides that ACF&#8217;s commitment to fund each advance of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit shall be limited to seventy percent (70%)
 up to an aggregate maximum principal amount for all advances equal to $4
900
000. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the participation agreement. However
 the Company and CB-USA are party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Company and CB-USA were obligated to pay the junior participants a closing fee of $18
000 on the effective date of the Loan Agreement Amendment and are obligated to pay a commitment fee of $18
 The Company and CB-USA are referred to individually and collectively as the Borrower. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement Amendment
 the Company and CB-USA may borrow up to the lesser of (x) $19
000
000 and (y) the sum of the borrowing base calculated in accordance with the Amended Agreement and the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 6% through August 9
 2015
 then 5.75% through December 15
 2015
 then 6% through March 31
 2016. For the year ended March 31
 2015
 the Company paid interest at 6.0%. For the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 7.5% through December 15
 2015
 and then at 7.75% through March 31
 2016 on the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Credit Facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &#8220;Default&#8221; or &#8220;Event of Default&#8221; (as defined under the Amended Agreement)
 the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Credit Facility interest rate. There have been no Events of Default under the Credit Facility. ACF also receives a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default) in addition to the facility fee with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. The Amended Agreement contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Amended Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&#8217;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens and make distributions or cash dividends. The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement Amendment are secured by the grant of a pledge and security interest in all of the assets of the Borrower. At March 31
 2016
 the Company was in compliance
 in all respects
 In August 2015
 the Company used $3
000
000 of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit to acquire aged bourbon inventory. Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($150
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 Richard J. Lampen ($100
000) and Alfred J. Small ($15
000) each acquired participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. Under the terms of the participation agreement
 the participants receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $12
088
594 and $10
123
544
 respectively
 due on the Credit Facility was included in long-term liabilities. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 there was $6
911
406 and $1
876
456
 respectively
In March 2013
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
496
000 (the &#8220;Bourbon Term Loan&#8221;) that was used to purchase&#160;bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. In August 2013
 the Bourbon Term Loan was amended to provide the Company with the ability to increase the maximum aggregate principal amount of the Bourbon Term Loan from $2
500
000 to up to $4
000
000 to finance the purchase of aged whiskies following the identification of junior participants to purchase a portion of the increased Bourbon Term Loan amount. The Bourbon Term Loan interest rate was the rate that
 when annualized
 was the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2015
 Keltic required as a condition to funding the Bourbon Term Loan that Keltic had entered into a participation agreement (the &#8220;Participation Agreement&#8221;) providing for an initial aggregate amount of $750
000 of the Bourbon Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Bourbon Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000) and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000) (amounts shown are initial purchase amounts). Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants received interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA was a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower was party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower was obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
 The balance on the Bourbon Term Loan included in notes payable totaled $744
900 at March 31
 2015. In May 2015
In October 2013
 the Company entered into a 5% Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Note Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with the purchasers party thereto
 under which the Company issued an aggregate initial principal amount of $2
125
000 of unsecured subordinated notes (the &#8220;Convertible Notes&#8221;). The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
 until their maturity date of December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 are convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the &#8220;Conversion Price&#8221;). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each note holder to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on
 The purchasers of the Convertible Notes included related parties of the Company
 including an affiliate of Dr. Phillip Frost ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn ($200
000)
 Dennis Scholl ($100
000)
 and Vector Group Ltd. ($200
 The Company may forcibly convert all or any part of the Convertible Notes and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon if (i) the average daily volume of the Company&#8217;s common stock (as reported on the principal market or exchange on which the common stock is listed or quoted for trading) exceeds $50
 In connection with the Note Purchase Agreement
 each purchaser of the Convertible Notes was required to execute a joinder to the subordination agreement
 In the year ended March 31
 2015
 Convertible Note holders converted $450
000 of Convertible Notes and $1
417 of accrued interest thereon into 501
574 shares of common stock. At each of March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $1
675
000 of principal due on the Convertible Notes was included in long-term liabilities
 respectively.




Years ending March 31
1
675
12
088
211
13
975
174










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







March 31
1
183
397
1
580
(148
19
(129
1
034
416
1
450
March 31
608
382
990
214
73
288
823
455
1
278
March 31
31
31
(550
(71
(621
(550
(39
(590
414




Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
Computed expected tax benefit
State and local taxes
 net of federal benefit




March&#160;31
144
74
103
67
857
588
679
522
33
585
32
676
2
003
1
990
2
2
37
373
35
919
(37
355
(35
882
18
37
(629
(629
(592
(740
(1
222
(1
370
152



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016


 The following table summarizes activity pertaining to options outstanding and exercisable at March 31
326
326
235
7
757
 6
549
3
954
2
273
529
3
027
403
17
17
98
98
7
7
13
508
7
931
4
190
051




 The following summarizes activity pertaining to the Company&#8217;s unvested options for the years ended March 31
 2016
Unvested at March 31
3
871
3
300
(10
(1
499
Unvested at March 31
5
662
2
525
(954
(2
309
Unvested at March 31
4
924
2
622
(12
 (1
958
Unvested at March 31
5
576
273



Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
March&#160;31














Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Table Text Block]
Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31
11
904
(10
127
Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March&#160;31
1
777
(1
657
Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31
120
(120
Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31
 2016








Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Table Text Block]
 Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
11
988
11
174
8
120
2
622
2
525
3
300
(1
079
(677
(80
(23
(1
033
(166
13
508
11
988
11
174
 7
931
7
064
5
511
447




































Tabular disclosure of components of a stock option or other award plan under which equity-based compensation is awarded to employees
 typically comprised of the amount of unearned compensation (deferred compensation cost)
 compensation expense
 and changes in the quantity and fair value of the shares (or other type of equity) granted
 exercised
 forfeited
 and issued and outstanding pertaining to that plan.  Disclosure may also include nature and general terms of such arrangements that existed during the period and potential effects of those arrangements on shareholders
 effect of compensation cost arising from equity-based payment arrangements on the income statement
 method of estimating the fair value of the goods or services received
 or the fair value of the equity instruments granted
 during the period
 cash flow effects resulting from equity-based payment arrangements and
 for registrants that accelerate vesting of out of the money share options
 reasons for the decision to accelerate.

























































Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







 Years&#160;ending&#160;March&#160;31
365
364
341
310
1
381
319













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016






Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment [Table Text Block]
The following table sets forth the amounts and percentage of consolidated sales
 net
 consolidated income (loss) from operations
 consolidated net loss attributable to controlling interests
 consolidated income tax (expense) benefit and consolidated assets from the U.S. and foreign countries and consolidated sales
 Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
Consolidated Sales
9
302
7
938
7
305
62
918
49
519
40
834
Total Consolidated Sales
72
220
57
457
48
140
(34
17
1
039
(1
095
(1
319
1
005
(1
077
(1
319
11
(101
(153
(2
527
(3
698
(8
753
(2
516
(3
799
(8
906
Income tax (expense) benefit
(1
450
(1
278
590
Consolidated Sales
18
858
16
998
16
643
26
009
19
147
13
521
8
567
8
756
8
992
2
364
2
413
2
852
198
208
218
284
16
222
9
933
5
626
Total Consolidated Sales
72
220
57
457
48
140
 As&#160;of&#160;March&#160;31
2
786
2
052
47
506
41
986
50
292
44
038
940







Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016







&#160;Sales
16
513
18
536
17
207
19
963
6
627
7
056
6
702
8
167
(850
(682
(595
421
(273
(329
(211
4
(1
123
(1
011
(807
426
(1
123
(1
011
(807
426
&#160;Net (loss) income per common share
 basic
&#160;Net (loss) income per common share
 diluted
&#160;Weighted average shares used in computation
&#160;basic
157
535
159
774
160
031
160
167
&#160;Weighted average shares used in computation
&#160;diluted
157
535
159
774
160
031
167
331
 &#160;Sales
 11
982
 13
381
 15
936
 16
157
 4
546
 4
883
 5
994
 6
147
 (1
190
 (869
 (311
 (1
102
 (305
 (211
 (279
 469
 (1
495
 (1
080
 (590
 (632
 (1
495
 (1
080
 (590
 (632
 &#160;Net loss per common share
 basic and diluted
 &#160;Weighted average shares used in computation
 &#160;basic and diluted
 153
929
 155
189
 155
838
 156
882
587



































Tabular disclosure of the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements. The disclosure includes financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year
 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











Subsidiary or Equity Method Investee
 Cumulative Percentage Ownership after All Transactions










000


000


000



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Depreciation Methods








Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives








Shipping
 Handling and Transportation Costs

635
430


574
471


879
881





960
301


184
392


052
819





000


000


409







This element represents that
 the amount of reversal of provision for obsolete inventory.
























































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























For an unclassified balance sheet
 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.

























































Describes the periods of time over which an entity anticipates to receive utility from its property
 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014













369
197


969
299


312
920























508
086


988
188


174
007

























000


777
802























861
111


861
111


361
111































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage







































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015











976
561


250
893





256
761


817
348





233
322


068
241







Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.

























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014































441
432


333
763


343
500








































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014





















































667




518)



Investment in non-consolidated affiliate
 at equity





667
















667







Payments of Ordinary Dividends
 Noncontrolling Interest





















000













353
191








543
529








353
191


543
529











862


792)


214)


518)


666


110)


049)


336)


662


829


035



Gosling-Castle Partners
 Inc [Member]



























































500
000
























































Payments of Ordinary Dividends
 Noncontrolling Interest

000



























Income (Loss) from Subsidiaries
 before Tax





















475
006


573


337
759









353
191








543
529








353
191


543
529


































Investment Income
 Dividend

000

















































390
002


829


035



Gosling-Castle Partners
 Inc [Member] | Noncontrolling Interest [Member]

























































Deferred Income Tax Expense Benefit
 Minority Interest Percentage


























































































000

























Equity Method Investment
 Ownership Percentage


















































667







Investment in non-consolidated affiliate
 at equity





667
















667











This element represents that
 the percentage of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) allocated to minority interest.













































































































































































This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.



















































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).

















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





EQUIPMENT
 NET (Details) - USD ($)
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








796
064


434
340





676


898





730





Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

951
470


475
238





075
215


809
865





255


373




































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.

























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





EQUIPMENT
 NET (Details Textual) - USD ($)



Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










702


683


180














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015













000


000






693


693






271
555


271
555






207


321






000


000






460


460



Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Gross


307
915


284
029






372
585


713
774






935
330


570
255






112
972


112
972



Total intangible assets
 net


048
302


683
227












Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date for the rights acquired through registration of a brand to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name
 symbol or other device or style for a specified period of time.




























Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date of legal rights to distribute a product or products
 often within specific geographical areas or supply channels
 for a specified period of time
 including reasonably expected renewal periods.

























































Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.

























































Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date of the costs pertaining to the exclusive legal rights granted to the owner of the patent to exploit an invention or a process for a period of time specified by law. Such costs may have been expended to directly apply and receive patent rights
 or to acquire such rights.




























Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date for the rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name
 symbol or other device or style for a specified period of time.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015











372
585


713
774



















000


000



















366


956



















065
111


513
162



















188


002



















920


654




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















690





566





233





578





585





615
652







Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the total year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014













811


769


005





226


226









The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }







































Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Noncurrent

076


890


471


657




































Cash and equivalents whose use in whole or in part is restricted for the long-term
 generally by contractual agreements or regulatory requirements.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015













975
174


789
165
























141






















580


580






















088
594


123
544
























900






















675
000


675
000







890 or $345
076 (translated at the March 31
 2016 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &#8364;0 and &#8364;31
466 or $34
141 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate)
 at March 31
 2016 and 2015





 GCP issued a promissory note (the &#8220;GCP Note&#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to affiliates. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $211





 the Company and CB-USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (&#8220;Keltic&#8221;)
 which
 as amended
 provides for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a facility of up to $19.0 million (the &#8220;Credit Facility&#8221;) for the purpose of providing the Company with working capital. In September 2014
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Amended Agreement&#8221;) with ACF FinCo I LP (&#8220;ACF&#8221;)
 as successor in interest to Keltic
 in order to amend certain terms of the Credit Facility and the Bourbon Term Loan (defined below). Among other changes
 the Amended Agreement modified certain aspects of the existing Credit Facility
 including increasing the maximum amount of the Credit Facility from $8
000
000 to $12
000
000 and increasing the inventory sub-limit from $4
000
000 to $6
000
000. In addition
 the term of the Credit Facility was extended from December 31
 2016 to July 31
 2019. The Credit Facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%. As of March 31
 2016
 the Credit Facility interest rate was 6.00%. The monthly facility fee is 0.75% per annum of the maximum Credit Facility. The Amended Agreement contains EBITDA targets allowing for further interest rate reductions in the future. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $120
000 amendment fee in connection with the execution of the Amended Agreement. In connection with the amendment
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Operating Officer
 T. Kelley Spillane
 the Company&#8217;s Senior Vice President - Global Sales
 and Alfred J. Small
 the Company&#8217;s Senior Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary
 (b) certain participants in the Bourbon Term Loan and (c) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s Chairman
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 a former director of the Company
 Dennis Scholl
 a former director of the Company
 and Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder of the Company
 of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer
 Henry Beinstein
 a director of the Company
 is a director and Phillip Frost M.D. is a principal shareholder
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 the Company
 CB-USA and ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic; (ii) an Amended and Restated Term Note; and (iii) an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note. In connection with the Amended Agreement
 on September 22
 2014
 ACF entered into an amendment to that certain Subordination Agreement
 dated as of August 7
 2013 (as amended
 the &#8220;Subordination Agreement&#8221;)
 by and among ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic
 and certain junior lenders to the Company; neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Subordination Agreement. In August 2015
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment (the &#8220;Loan Agreement Amendment&#8221;) to the Amended Agreement. Among other changes
 the Loan Agreement Amendment increased the amount of the Credit Facility from $12
000
000 to $19
000
000
 including a sublimit in the maximum principal amount of $7
000
000 to permit the Company to acquire aged whiskey inventory (the &#8220;Purchased Inventory Sublimit&#8221;) subject to certain conditions set forth in the Amended Agreement. The maturity date remained unchanged at July 31
 2019. The Company and CB-USA are permitted to prepay the Credit Facility in whole or the Purchased Inventory Sublimit
 in whole or in part
 subject to certain prepayment penalties as set forth in the Loan Agreement Amendment. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit replaces the Bourbon Term Loan
 which was paid in full in the normal course of business. The Purchased Inventory Sublimit interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2016
 the interest rate applicable to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit was 7.75%. The monthly facility fee remains 0.75% per annum of the maximum principal amount of the Credit Facility (excluding the Purchased Inventory Sublimit). Also
 the Company must pay a monthly facility fee of $2
000 with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit until all obligations with respect thereof are fully paid and performed. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $45
000 commitment fee in connection with the Loan Agreement Amendment. In connection with the Loan Agreement Amendment
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain officers of the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 T. Kelley Spillane and Alfred J. Small and (b) certain junior lenders to the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn
 Dennis Scholl and Vector Group Ltd.
 which
 among other things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer
 the Company
 CB-USA and ACF and (ii) an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note. ACF also required as a condition to entering into the Loan Agreement Amendment that ACF enter into a participation agreement with certain related parties of the Company
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small
 to allow for the sale of participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. The participation agreement provides that ACF&#8217;s commitment to fund each advance of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit shall be limited to seventy percent (70%)
 up to an aggregate maximum principal amount for all advances equal to $4
900
000. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the participation agreement. However
 the Company and CB-USA are party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Company and CB-USA were obligated to pay the junior participants a closing fee of $18
000 on the effective date of the Loan Agreement Amendment and are obligated to pay a commitment fee of $18
000 on each anniversary of the effective date until the junior participants&#8217; obligations are terminated pursuant to the participation agreement. The Company and CB-USA are referred to individually and collectively as the Borrower. Pursuant to the Loan Agreement Amendment
 the Company and CB-USA may borrow up to the lesser of (x) $19
000
000 and (y) the sum of the borrowing base calculated in accordance with the Amended Agreement and the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. For the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 6% through August 9
 2015
 then 5.75% through December 15
 2015
 then 6% through March 31
 2016. For the year ended March 31
 2015
 the Company paid interest at 6.0%. For the year ended March 31
 2016
 the Company paid interest at 7.5% through December 15
 2015
 and then at 7.75% through March 31
 2016 on the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Credit Facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &#8220;Default&#8221; or &#8220;Event of Default&#8221; (as defined under the Amended Agreement)
 the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Credit Facility interest rate. There have been no Events of Default under the Credit Facility. ACF also receives a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default) in addition to the facility fee with respect to the Purchased Inventory Sublimit. The Amended Agreement contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Amended Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&#8217;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens and make distributions or cash dividends. The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement Amendment are secured by the grant of a pledge and security interest in all of the assets of the Borrower. At March 31
 2016
 the Company was in compliance
 in all respects
 with the covenants under the Amended Agreement. In August 2015
 the Company used $3
000
000 of the Purchased Inventory Sublimit to acquire aged bourbon inventory. Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($150
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 Richard J. Lampen ($100
000) and Alfred J. Small ($15
000) each acquired participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof. Under the terms of the participation agreement
 the participants receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $12
088
594 and $10
123
544
 respectively
 due on the Credit Facility was included in long-term liabilities. At March 31
 2016 and 2015
 there was $6
911
406 and $1
876
456
 respectively





 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
496
000 (the &#8220;Bourbon Term Loan&#8221;) that was used to purchase bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. In August 2013
 the Bourbon Term Loan was amended to provide the Company with the ability to increase the maximum aggregate principal amount of the Bourbon Term Loan from $2
500
000 to up to $4
000
000 to finance the purchase of aged whiskies following the identification of junior participants to purchase a portion of the increased Bourbon Term Loan amount. The Bourbon Term Loan interest rate was the rate that
 when annualized
 was the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2015
 the Company paid interest of 7.5%. Keltic required as a condition to funding the Bourbon Term Loan that Keltic had entered into a participation agreement (the &#8220;Participation Agreement&#8221;) providing for an initial aggregate amount of $750
000 of the Bourbon Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Bourbon Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000) and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000) (amounts shown are initial purchase amounts). Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants received interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA was a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower was party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower was obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
000. The balance on the Bourbon Term Loan included in notes payable totaled $744
900 at March 31
 2015. In May 2015





 the Company entered into a 5% Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the &#8220;Note Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with the purchasers party thereto
 under which the Company issued an aggregate initial principal amount of $2
125
000 of unsecured subordinated notes (the &#8220;Convertible Notes&#8221;). The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
 until their maturity date of December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 are convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the &#8220;Conversion Price&#8221;). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each note holder to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on
 the Convertible Notes. The purchasers of the Convertible Notes included related parties of the Company
 including an affiliate of Dr. Phillip Frost ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn ($200
000)
 Dennis Scholl ($100
000)
 and Vector Group Ltd. ($200
000). The Company may forcibly convert all or any part of the Convertible Notes and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon if (i) the average daily volume of the Company&#8217;s common stock (as reported on the principal market or exchange on which the common stock is listed or quoted for trading) exceeds $50
000 per trading day and (ii) the volume weighted average price of the common stock for at least twenty (20) trading days during any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period exceeds 250% of the then-current Conversion Price. Any forced conversion will be applied ratably to the holders of all Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement based on each holder&#8217;s then-current note holdings. In connection with the Note Purchase Agreement
 each purchaser of the Convertible Notes was required to execute a joinder to the subordination agreement
 by and among ACF and certain other junior lenders to the Company; the Company is not a party to the Subordination Agreement. In the year ended March 31
 2015
 Convertible Note holders converted $350
000 of Convertible Notes and $787 of accrued interest thereon into 389
676 shares of common stock. At each of March 31
 2016 and 2015
 $1
675
000 of principal due on the Convertible Notes was included in long-term liabilities





































Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015


















675
000







088
594







580














975
174


789
165







Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Aug. 09
 2015
Dec. 15
 2015





































Dec. 31
 2015




























































Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate At Period End
































Notes Payable
 Noncurrent













580


580

















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate During Period
































Line Of Credit
 Current















141






466



























900










496
000





















000

































000





























125
000























Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Threshold Consecutive Trading Days
































Convertible Notes Payable
 Noncurrent













675
000


675
000

















Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Conversion of Convertible Securities















000

















Debt Instrument
 Fee Amount





000


































































900
000

































000



























Due to Other Related Parties
 Classified
 Current













625

























000
000

































000



























Line of Credit Facility
 Remaining Borrowing Capacity













911
406


876
456



















































































Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price | $ / shares
































Subordinated Borrowing
 Interest Rate


































































































Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 If-converted Value in Excess of Principal













000



















Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Threshold Percentage of Stock Price Trigger
































Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Conversion of Convertible Securities | shares















574

















Debt Instrument
 Increase
 Accrued Interest















417



















































































Line Of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity





000
000



























Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage







































































000





























































































Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate At Period End
































Other Accrued Liabilities
 Noncurrent













579


579

















Notes Payable
 Noncurrent













580


580














580





































































Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate During Period
































Long-term Debt
 Gross













088
594


123
544

















Line of Credit Facility
 Amendment Fees
 Amount







000







































000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default)





















































































Line of Credit Facility
 Asset Restrictions







000
000



























































































Line of Credit Facility
 Asset Restrictions







000
000



























































































Line Of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity



























000
000





Line Of Credit Facility
 Interest Rate Description











 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.00%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.00%.



































000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default)





















































































Line Of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity













076




890















Line Of Credit Facility
 Interest Rate During Period


































































































Line Of Credit Facility
 Interest Rate Description













 when annualized
 was the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. As of March 31
 2015
 the Company paid interest of 7.5%.





















































































Long-term Debt
 Gross























500
000











































































Long-term Debt
 Gross























000
000











































































Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage


































































































Notes Payable
 Noncurrent













000





















































































Notes Payable
 Noncurrent













000





















































































Notes Payable
 Noncurrent













000





















































































Notes Payable
 Noncurrent













000





















































































Notes Payable
 Noncurrent













000





















































































Notes Payable
 Noncurrent













000



































































































000



















Due to Other Related Parties
 Classified
 Current





000











































































































000



















Due to Other Related Parties
 Classified
 Current





000











































































































000



















Due to Other Related Parties
 Classified
 Current





000





























































































Due to Other Related Parties
 Classified
 Current





000





























































































Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
















































































































000





















































































Line Of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity





000
000



































































































000
000



































































































000
000





























































































Line Of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity







000
000




000
000























































































Line Of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity







000
000




000
000










































































































































































Line of Credit Facility
 Amendment Fees
 Amount













































































































































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer) identified as Convertible Notes Payable
 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Amount of long-term debt before deduction of unamortized discount or premium. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































The amount by which the convertible debt's if-converted value exceeds its principle amount at the balance sheet date
 regardless of whether the instrument is currently convertible. This element applies to public companies only.




























Threshold period of specified consecutive trading days within which common stock price to conversion price of convertible debt instruments must exceed threshold percentage for a specified number of trading days to trigger conversion feature
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Increase for accrued
 but unpaid interest on the debt instrument for the period.






















































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































The aggregate obligations owed to related parties other than affiliates
 officers or stockholders (for example
 owner's immediate families or employee pension trusts) at the financial statement date. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
























































Description of the interest rate for the amounts borrowed under the credit facility
 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
 remarketing provisions).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
 -Paragraph 19
 20



























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.

























































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.



















































































































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of uncollateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
 -Subsection 19
 20
 22
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Feb. 11
 2014
Sep. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014
Feb. 24
 2014
Nov. 30
 2013
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014









































251
989


319
915


531
643



Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 New Issues















127
113


133
568


347
302



















876


347


341



Preferred Stock
 Par Or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)






















Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Conversion of Convertible Securities

















000





Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding






















Payments of Ordinary Dividends
 Noncontrolling Interest















000







Gosling-Castle Partners
 Inc [Member]








































































500
000



















Payments of Ordinary Dividends
 Noncontrolling Interest



000

































































Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 Conversion of Convertible Securities

















000





Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Conversion of Convertible Securities

















574





Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Interest Amount

















417

























































000
000








































Intercompany Agreements
 Description















 the Company will reimburse Barrington for certain expenses incurred in connection with the matters contemplated by the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 up to an aggregate of $50
000
 plus up to an additional $7
500 per calendar quarter related to ongoing maintenance; provided
 however
 that such reimbursement amount shall not exceed 8% of the aggregate gross proceeds received by the Company under the 2014 Distribution Agreement.







Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues













290
581


119
282







Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 New Issues













088
674


251
989





















149


876































































000
000













Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues











247
343











Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 New Issues











231
241























198

























































Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage






















Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Stock



















599

















































Conversion of Stock
 Shares Converted







760
881















Conversion of Stock
 Shares Issued

704
729





















Preferred Stock
 Par Or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)






















Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Per-Dollar-Amount















000







Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding







271



























































































































































































































































Description of product support
 consulting
 business
 or other advisory service agreements entered into between the managing member or general partner and the LLC or LP
 affiliate of the managing member or general partner
 or affiliate of the LLC or LP. Includes a description of the key provisions of such agreements and the amount of compensation for such services during the accounting period.





































































































































































































































































 -Paragraph 29
 30

























































 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31










































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











Federal
 Current

183
000


589





Federal
 Deferred

152)


958


482)



Federal
 Total

034
848


547


482)



State and Local
 Current

000


232


068



State and Local
 Deferred

000


220


000)



State and Local
 Total

000


452


932)



Total
 Current

580
000


821


068



Total
 Deferred

152)


178


482)





450
848


278
999


414)























































































































































Amount of deferred state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.























































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











Computed expected tax benefit
 at 34%






























































State and local taxes
 net of federal benefit




























































































































































































































































Percentage of the difference
 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 that is attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority interest income (expense)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 change in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.




























Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015











000


000





000


000





000


000





000


000





585
000


676
000





003
000


990
000





000


000





373
000


919
000





355
000)


882
000)





000


000












444)


444)





556)


708)





222
000)


370
152)

























































































































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)








































































































































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 before jurisdictional netting.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Intangible Assets

444


444
















450
848


278
999


414)



Valuation Allowance
 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)
 Amount

473
000


163
000























Income Tax Examination
 Penalties and Interest Expense



501

























960
000


















450
848


278
999


414)























100
000







Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes
 Foreign

814


466


233



Gosling-Castle Partners
 Inc [Member]

















Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Intangible Assets

222
222











330


330




































The expiration Term of each operating loss carryforward included in total operating loss carryforwards
 or the applicable range of such expiration Period.





















































































The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.


























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











Shares
 Outstanding and expected to vest at end of period

508
086







Shares
 Exercisable at period end

931
813







Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable at period end


























Shares
 Outstanding at beginning of year

988
188


174
007


120
765



Shares
 Granted

622
500


525
000


300
000



Shares
 Exercised

079
602)


127)


758)



Shares
 Forfeited

000)


033
692)


000)



Shares
 Outstanding and expected to vest at end of period

508
086


988
188


174
007



Shares
 Exercisable at period end

931
813


064
133


511
447



Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding at beginning of year








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercised








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding and expected to vest at end of period








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Exercisable at period end












































































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.



















































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.




















































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















Options Outstanding
 Shares | shares

508
086



Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Life in Years




Options Exercisable
 Shares | shares

931
813



Options Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






190
051













Range of Excercise Prices
 Lower Limit




Range of Excercise Prices
 Upper Limit




Options Outstanding
 Shares | shares

900



Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Life in Years




Options Exercisable
 Shares | shares

900



Options Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






437













Range of Excercise Prices
 Lower Limit




Range of Excercise Prices
 Upper Limit




Options Outstanding
 Shares | shares

757
186



Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Life in Years




Options Exercisable
 Shares | shares

549
913



Options Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






954
614













Range of Excercise Prices
 Lower Limit




Range of Excercise Prices
 Upper Limit




Options Outstanding
 Shares | shares

273
500



Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Life in Years




Options Exercisable
 Shares | shares

000



Options Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price



















Range of Excercise Prices
 Lower Limit




Range of Excercise Prices
 Upper Limit




Options Outstanding
 Shares | shares

027
500



Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Life in Years




Options Exercisable
 Shares | shares

000



Options Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price



















Range of Excercise Prices
 Lower Limit




Range of Excercise Prices
 Upper Limit




Options Outstanding
 Shares | shares

000



Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Life in Years




Options Exercisable
 Shares | shares

000



Options Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price



















Range of Excercise Prices
 Lower Limit




Range of Excercise Prices
 Upper Limit




Options Outstanding
 Shares | shares

500



Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Life in Years




Options Exercisable
 Shares | shares

500



Options Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price



















Range of Excercise Prices
 Lower Limit




Range of Excercise Prices
 Upper Limit




Options Outstanding
 Shares | shares

500



Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Life in Years




Options Exercisable
 Shares | shares

500



Options Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price




































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.



















































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Shares
 Unvested at beginning of the year

924
055


662
560


871
807



Shares
 Granted

622
500


525
000


300
000



Shares
 Canceled or expired

000)


083)


000)



Shares
 Vested

958
282)


309
422)


499
247)



Shares
 Unvested at end of the year

576
273


924
055


662
560



Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Unvested at beginning of the year








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Canceled or expired








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Vested








Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Unvested at end of the year












The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014




















































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











Warrant [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member]






















































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Warrants
 Outstanding and exercisable
 at beginning of period

000


777
802


904
925



Warrants
 Granted








Warrants
 Exercised



657
802)


127
123)



Warrants
 Forfeited

000)







Warrants
 Outstanding and exercisable
 at end of period



000


777
802



Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant
 Outstanding and exercisable at beginning of period








Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant
 Granted








Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant
 Exercised








Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant
 Forfeited








Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant
 Outstanding and exercisable at end of period




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Apr. 02
 2014
Oct. 31
 2011
Jun. 30
 2011
Jul. 31
 2003
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014
Nov. 30
 2013
Oct. 31
 2012
Jan. 31
 2009



































370
556


710


914









Employee Service Share-Based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not Yet Recognized (in dollars)









199
593














































576
273













Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Number









931
813













Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price






















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term






















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term


































715


848
332

































































666


137


567

































































890


573


347





































































































Convertible Preferred Stock
 Terms of Conversion




































































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercises in Period









079
602


127


758







































































187
968
































657
802

























972


022































392
594











965












848
332











657
802























657
802



































127
123



















000



























































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Gross









233
000













Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Available for Grant







000
000















Share-based Goods and Nonemployee Services Transaction
 Shares Approved for Issuance









767
000













Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Expiration Period




































































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Available for Grant



















000
000



Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period




































































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Available for Grant



















000
000



Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period




































































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized

















000
000



































































Aggregate unrecognized number of option awards made to employees under a stock option plan or plans
 that have yet to vest.

























































The number of warrants
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.










































































































































































































The element represents the weighted average exercise price per warrant exercised
 fair value.




























Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.




























Specific terms relevant to convertibility. Includes class of preferred stock and number of shares convertible into
 exercise (or conversion) price or rates
 dates relevant to conversion timing and events relevant to conversion. Describe also any beneficial conversion features. where convertible preferred stock with a nondetachable conversion feature is in-the-money at commitment date. For contingently convertible preferred stock
 discuss the circumstances of the contingency
 including the events or changes in circumstance that would cause the contingency to be met and any of the significant features necessary to understand the conversion rights and the timing of those rights. Include also an events or changes in circumstance
 if any
 that could adjust or change the contingency
 conversion price
 or number of shares
 including significant terms of those changes.

























































Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.
















































































































































Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30



























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014















146


557





















Related Party Transaction
 Purchases from Related Party



840
446


467
812

























750


288























000

























Related Party Transaction
 Expenses from Transactions with Related Party

396


475


746





















Related Party Transaction
 Expenses from Transactions with Related Party

054


875


000




































For an unclassified balance sheet
 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.







































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Years ending March 31







089





829





079





322





381
319
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























































Operating Leases
 Rent Expense





047




714


280















940

































Operating Leases
 Income Statement
 Contingent Revenue





255















  2020


  2020





































Operating Leases
 Income Statement
 Contingent Revenue





249


100













  2016


  2016







Houston
 Tx [Member]





























Operating Leases
 Income Statement
 Contingent Revenue





440















  2018


  2018





































Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Amount





661


673




























  2016


  2016













653


469





































Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Amount





022
415


386





































Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Amount





380


787




























  2016


  2016













920


781





































Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Amount





490


961





































Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Amount



643
000











Newly Distilled Bourbon [Member] | Scenario
 Forecast [Member]





























Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Amount

053
750





































































































































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































Amount of contingent rental revenue recognized for the period under lease
 based on the occurrences of an event or condition.




















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014











Concentration Risk
 Percentage








Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member]

















Concentration Risk
 Percentage


























Concentration Risk
 Percentage









































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Consolidated Sales
 net:

























Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















220
368


457
421


140
483



Concentration Risk
 Percentage






































































005
547


077
905)


319
833)



Operating Income (Loss)
 Percentage






















































268


703)


011
271)


123
662)


402)


996)


080
513)


495
831)


516
368)


799
742)


906
747)





























Income tax expense
 net:

























Income tax (expense) benefit
 net:


















450
848)


278
999)


414
































274
413








001
940








274
413


001
940

























































Consolidated Sales
 net:

























Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















302
134


938
393


305
516



Concentration Risk
 Percentage






































































268)


172





Operating Income (Loss)
 Percentage






































































490


453)


419)


























































786
333








052
583








786
333


052
583

























































Consolidated Sales
 net:

























Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















918
234


519
028


834
967



Concentration Risk
 Percentage






































































039
815


095
077)


319
567)



Operating Income (Loss)
 Percentage






































































527
858)


698
289)


753
328)





























Income tax expense
 net:

























Income tax (expense) benefit
 net:


















450
848)


278
999)


414



Income tax (expense) benefit
 net: Percentage






















































506
080








986
357








506
080


986
357

























































Consolidated Sales
 net:

























Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















858
554


998
034


643
640



Concentration Risk
 Percentage



















































Consolidated Sales
 net:

























Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















009
839


147
028


521
875



Concentration Risk
 Percentage



















































Consolidated Sales
 net:

























Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















567
121


756
376


992
277



Concentration Risk
 Percentage



















































Consolidated Sales
 net:

























Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















364
429


413
994


852
956



Concentration Risk
 Percentage



















































Consolidated Sales
 net:

























Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















330


845


552



Concentration Risk
 Percentage



















































Consolidated Sales
 net:

























Total Consolidated Sales
 net






















806



Concentration Risk
 Percentage



















































Consolidated Sales
 net:

























Total Consolidated Sales
 net


















222
095


933
144


626
377



Concentration Risk
 Percentage




























 net and Cost of sales include excise taxes of $7
451
569
 $6
754
453 and $6
420
730 for the years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014




































Income tax expense (benefit)
 percentage.

























































Net income (loss) attributable to controlling interest
 percentage


















































































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

















































































































Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Sales
 net

963
408


207
372


536
509


513
079


157
004


936
514


381
704


982
199











167
759


702
095


056
402


627
314


147
602


994
860


883
673


546
654


553
570


572
789


603
816





406


911)


057)


144)


102
068)


886)


464)


190
495)


706
706)


473
913)


971
712)





862


792)


214)


518)


666


110)


049)


336)


662


829


035





268


703)


011
271)


123
662)


402)


996)


080
513)


495
831)


516
368)


799
742)


906
747)





268


703)


011
271)


123
662)


402)


996)


080
513)


495
831)


516
368)


799
742)


291
346)



Net (loss) income per common share
 basic
 attributable to common shareholders (in dollars per share)
























Net (loss) income per common share
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders (in dollars per share)
























Weighted average shares used in computation
 basic
 attributable to common shareholders (in shares)

167
121


031
891


774
811


535
571

















Weighted average shares used in computation
 diluted
 attributable to common shareholders (in shares)

331
808


031
891


774
811


535
571

















Net (loss) income per common share
 basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders (in dollars per share)
























Weighted average shares used in computation
 basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders (in shares)









882
587


838
146


189
679


929
182


380
223


456
341


511
444































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.

























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

M+GAM;



*1A_(



J3WQE.3%USD:64[]7[6?GI3*!7I3P7'A&5^*


MCR5('Y]!^O@T@=?H#2(BI'(96CF
I14.4HJG(45CF*JQP%5HXBJT15:#(
M*E!D%2BRA19!8JL D56@2*K0)%5H
@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JM$D56B
MRI19)4HLBH4616*K I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE!D52BR*A19%8JL&D56C2*K1I%5
MH\BJ4635*+)J%%DUBJP:15:-(JM!D=6@R&I09#4HLAH460V*K 9%5H,BJT&1
MU:#(ND21=8DBZ_)95C;]L_7R-U!+ P04      VG
U(2'4%[L4    K @




$%     @ -IS-



0.@.S 

AM';P-Z&T=O WH;::\;;79S]#:@MW'T-JW



M(X)G'9NQE$S27]]/-E!(9 7S4%Z0I7.^ZY$L&!:J?Q57Y4I6.I

MRV(NYY]76Z.]T=!XP:M5GJ59V4QFF9I5:IRH1%Y264^]-X:@989C)]JC+]



GT9/E#Y]M3;S
MC6TIYEGQ$(NL4J/AL[YZEJDNJW6;GO6Q79J7J6FZNN40G^JA'T))




M=^68S=:!4U/



AQ.*'7 4&8


XB3
M) '4C888O$(?QIC;Z^:4^

HI_:F.X5R9C]SW9R3C\4UEEID


O8V]R92YX;6S-D\%.PS 
AE\%]=ZE7=$DHJX'
M0)R8A
-82K
M?5.;P*6;)QM$QQD+<@.-)-886)R97TC
(9^S9R06[$&-LVR&6L A1(HV &8

MG^EL4FTB
AJH+FV#F8)Z?.K\7=_?(AJ:99/DNS69H7R_R&%P6?7K\?)COS







B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU
M6FD PSA]R1





9:AAOBT


QK!1J\;=8=HTCQZ_@7YG#4*')$;'0)G&[-&






9FV-J/D3@H\W/[O
M#;#Q([A[8N_ 5!+ P04      VG
U(%;#_2%   !V@  #0   'AL+W-T

MBN&\AX#;?R=R'



M




MS_SKPN;7YZK





U!WCVX


M3*



M_?B'-%)E
EJN_##I%$=&K\82$L;^PE
CL?)B*94
0S*FM+K3II4A4V6BZ#

(PK5M@FU]2BLVC:J;1-JZU&HMHUJVX3:6I2#:CNHMD.H
M_6K)]3KOB$*U'4)M;?5U3$2AY

;M8Y

U(\)E/8Y@  #H0  &    'AL



7VI)&?CE15F
AA^P


MRH:\
U_PI7.[A0
M$(WX59*.&WU/+7Y/Z8<:_#BN_4M@53D()0)+)LKV9*J4I:D\I_!Z%U3$<W^

M/&.T\WB+57C E80S941:]J3W7 _U_O:SUSS(P%69F2 V/0)I!!P10-IVJI


M9ZAL)I 9L;*T))8F/W9*3 SO(!G7.!:2%U;M: 209?(8S#Q0RI+^D-32EW


&BG

MS2X!T$SP
G0M[6^J(^42J(7$OP(@^QD,^N<51DU#=5/99_Q#I
M!X*VMW?5^+C+_P%02P



M_=CU353AX[4NZ_V^;RGT_
^UT?_[[ /Y]5OKOPW##?8?JK8NF_W?NTVW#6[5



]04JQ9;B?L346%\U
M8T].:4]*SJ%8:'W(-9?AZ0-*@7LBV1/P:2LLHDB'\C/=M*

M@+=6SNM(EY% D#(:.*2U#.FKYBU9C7(3/T^DPT*[C$4/*:6!8UK+F :.7U**

E%HK!87.F;F4UV#9]JQ]1@LI


V%A:6O
\I$U/$



GYQ?0


2GE+G)-RD;B^:MSMDTVDG#C9+-B+

M'6^ZYO3V

M*JWVT)Y)0A)K;9


M



2VE#'.6
M4_X EV^U&'HM#WLMIH]ST?_D\IT70^OEQ0

M(TE *W00._E==+NJU=%*&=M5#0W55BDC;2;T9 ]G;[O=RZ266]
/F1UWKO]S
M$Z
.YW;VTE
O_@!02P



MIZZ24/
L=%?3W_8#

MQ2%%C'AY781

:JO'P('%C&H
M'BAW(3L5)*=BJ4;-CMU/;L!
8
6:8RQGL\N!J5V3AF);'8$%+JO\WIV.LE.
MQ](M*UU'#:'36FHK6.D$!&W1.L]*CT&P1D@'YKITDT@WL72V
W
3-^3#I#*:


MS'T\KD)HK=B7815S-RL]8)]X0L*2O!A9*Y+!Y%:B#BV:4@'Z&QL; 0L-()






I*S_M604GK+5B8\LZF5@K$2X'W4G!D

4M'R$W-9N^4W*:AI6?, F[ PP=5<D[@J\
MNV+LA*]= *1W_DFJ Z[ ZGX+UB*@M&AV]2$Y1(O!GL8<^@*O@Y)#0[)IV&2

M%2KF29 6GO2G5ME[T\O%L7RI_BI/+]M#


$%     @ -IS-2#$4S-+6


M*7+!)R0'8DY'L--P842T




MP+GYN

M0/'A.O/+Q5/\!U!+ P04      VG,U(WJ9A(4(  #P!@  &    'AL+W=O



QEY$GO&+JJN6
MO8A 7IJ&BK];5O-^$X+P&GBMSJ4R@2C/HI%WK!K6RHJW@6G3?@,U@4Q OX



\'[0';4

M@MT40; /4DPA*W3?!%K4B2P?NQKB19VM



MX

P-Q3C



M+%Q\6?

 7B Q^D&V+RBCT%U0@R

G.(LS_XH-:A
\LGI#NE*@=%EQM3+4-B;9EJCZ


MYJC)O0/4&4XZ+I@Q=Y;H:L+;DKE!JG!(%8YU56&L7#VAHABERH5$N?B]SS%.
MX4J'^HY-OQ7&HJ0%CUK2U911)7J J1X@T0/-]P$8)_M *
A?@:LTTR/)])GB



M
X&+A2

M-I:I8LF249R


MPBDNN?^IM
F2B9PDW4F@A*[DP:5J)&EWDGEPL1I)J[S+W(9XZ 8BM
E\F
AR



?@(&A..M!HM/S!?$&3FP
40
$)9
MOJ58)D#CC#%\G7=#H$'=M0N]#M];W%(LANQI
]^O$63HCV4\:
J'.%4C1=1(


WR]_=BV71
6

MSW#.S!G;
UDGY)NJ #1ZYZQ1VZ#2NMU@K$X5
6DE-M3%EBU4J@
MA2-QAN
P7&).ZR;(

#AI&X&:
MY0I[8
P&





MK:RM--VW7\J'E


*Z)!8RL_1S^/'X?2S5N__W9X[KIA]F.[V1UNY\_#\'*]


4B
/(NU/QR_'MOW=/7[G;;Z9O%]#
0TRY
&3IIWQ2)&%V\!_!9+2(J#
M=(
F53B2)&TJ3AM K-ZXK$\GNL)TP$HT#' '0*H (WN3O5]*1Q1\V5=LK&
M'TG8
&2PZ!1$K9,Z(+33E=X-YEWPRI?T7HVV!9Y958^9/&GGLH&+E&#9
I
M9TB
UJ8R;Q48FG;M


KMAZR[/HW.D:@C9B^S5



!K:_IO)QAFD'

M;'

QHX.F7M05\-5R(
0





I'SOFJ]D^




MI@]/RAA!@YP&4\H[BIF6*0V15!ALW.[*Q_ M$UH*:* B*Z

0!6GC0QV@7




@$(5?

\84



3'P$D[*UWX&XXP1:D]$9NX]^#



ILBN


M4H-Q$@VQT&SI?;[9K2


']7CAX0/57UKX+9C-*:FC$H/PKCL\PCW ;!2M4

M38#;*!*42?#F4IJFGZJ'DN=9P0Y1Z RSFS \8?(%P8+ZU1;\O
6.G]#YU_35

M8W]\(



A;141I*95U3ZL5/5A

MYO\.)(Y;FM)CX5VTG0L%5A9LX=5@;8-3'0;.E#NMGE 1$!?P6

M\2


!_$(@CP+Y+'![=<1S
MS-U%$W:RIPI,&Z^.)14.VDV;MU27V_F0Q3/Y@9=%SUOXPTTKM5[=/YDXZ$V

3

FI\J[WL<JTJV\AJI

TH::


PD=W=4]*'][
FEH?PZ\AMO.5
MFA./P^F!K*^T^@]02P,$%     @ -IS-2%#Y*)BC 0  L0,  !D   !X;]W


M00[MF996$A&2JY*4E?Q]2$I6;



[BPF

MZI^L?1?


MNTW@
X$OA.]9
CXU2C9_B_*PN)(7_BV:VV 6ZC2% FP9M+:9I^JAY+SGG!
MCE'H K.?

MYHB7F
U5$W:VIQILFZZ.(Q4.QD^;MU27V_G TYE\PLNB%RT\=M*X\@!?3C9
M=*@-HH=@(KO;4-*%][,DAH?P_L0V^E*38G'_O1 EE=:?@!02P
$%     @




'[:
MO*6ZW
#]+HJ#Q,7P(
ML9VNU)1X[$\/9'FEY7]02P,$%     @ -IS-2+B)&-2A 0  L0,  !D   !X
M;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

;5G@X)4T
M\&R)&[06]N\1%(X'NJ%+X46VG8\%5A9LY=52@W$2#;'0'.CC9G_<1D0_)(P











)S6J5)ZSC]R;.9=IO 9P)?#\2@4V-DLUGX4596!R)
MZT4\N]4VP&T4

'[:
MO*6ZW

7P(
ML9VNU)1X[$\/9'FEY7]02P

  !D   !X


YYPYXTLQHGUS'8 G[UH9MZ6=
M]_V&
5=UH(6[P1Y

]19$G4A:



MSV;:=0*?7PAW4FQHEFX_B[*P.!+7BWAVJTV VR@2E$GPYE*:II^JAY*O

3DN

P$/T5RQ]0$X?L5A%!:EI5NP\K57W8?79@ *NVA]HF=/^^MB$T

YYPYXTLQHGUS'8 G'UH9MZ.=]_V6
5=UH(6[PQY

M]19$G4A:

M*PNV\&JIP3B)AEAH=O1AM=WG$9$ ?R6
[BPFT?L!\2TFO^L=S:(%4%#YJ#




MI\U;JLOM?.#I3+[@9=&+%OX(VTKCR %].-ETJ VBAV BN]M0TH7WLR0*&A_#
MGR&VTY6:$H_]Z8$LK[3\!%!+ P04      VG,U(OHQ8A:(!  Q P  &0




6.#@I



M[-#YDXV'VB Z\:2JVM*.O]^ED1XT)XZV


M+GAM;(U3RV[;
!#\%8(?$

.%/@U8+'U+;
M




M

M@5MX1/E/5*[U9A-**JAY+]T[#B\PC; *@B5*&[^D[*U#=:)0HOC7N H=UV'\




8












M24I6;
- +N+N:F9VEH]B1/OF.@!/WK4R;D\[[_L=8Z[J0 OW@#V8\*=!JX4/


_JW].TP?U1.'A&]4?6O@MF
TIJ:




M$@6-C^%CB.UTI:;$8W]^(



M;JN((#6M5KL/*U5]:)\=&
J[:&V=V_KVT(3:)(NR]X9CCGS!E?BA'MN^L
M//G4RK@M[;SO-XRYJ@
MW WV8




M1]A6&D?VZ

;P+L9VNU)1X[(\/9'FEY1=0
M2P

M965T


$%     @ -IS-2!S@H.:V @
WC
M0SR+NNZ8K/+O*^D_S2YP_'YC_^J.:]-_XUH\R_I7M3-'FVT:1SNQY^?:O,K+
M-W$]@\MP*VOM/J/M61O9W$+BJ.&?_;-JW?/2?Y//KF'^ +@&P!P3%WBO9!+




P1 7A%
M
:[+[(@(@M$,/.*8,S\ODA.1')$L/*8$Q^7V1)1):(P&\[C DH_(J(K
8$
M*W_A

M(*  'P#M!\ 0A=\'!!3@ Z#]  !1^'U 0 $^ -H/($



MEE82$9*KDI25_GU)2E9LPT NXNYJ9G:6CV)$^^XZ $\^M#)N1SOO^RUCKNI

M/28_ZQW-H@504/FH(






DY_UCF;1 BBH?%0083G
R@5A4+C
MO[/F9\M(/(]/ZB]IVN#^(!P\H_HC:]\%LQDE-31B4/X-QQ\PC[)@A4JE[ZD
M&IQ'?:)0HL7'M$J3UG'ZL\EFVFTGPE\(3PF IL:)9O?A1=E87$DKA?Q[/)M
M@-LH$I1)\.92FJ:?JL=RQ1\*=HQ%YC]A.$)DR\(%M1OMN7+?;\C
Z_IJ^N



Q+GAM;(53VVZC

M;)\=&
J+ZQM0OOW]870)(K4%SPSG'/FC_5K







$%     @ -IS-
M2+

#6/6%M4WH_GU](30@I.P+]HS/
M94:

M21QGF!
JHB+WN1=5Y+(WC IX44CWG!/U[PA


\ V-.

M46'JZ6F@I__AOUT(;+W =FQQN]KB'+.[;;);F.QF MFJR1QS?]LD6YAD
X&'
M59
YYG%A@J^F@X-J_70J)2],&$,INQTSYX2/UW?\+O2 -_B&JHT.@DC9U1
M/YZUE 9L$?&=;;6U+\$4

$%     @
M-IS-2$
!(Z[*(GFQ MO.^L3MSH
MPJNY!&4X*J*AV45WR7:_\8@ ^
MA-&=[XKT?$%]]\%3OHMA;  &5]0K







FY[L'LU'(XA


6G;  4^F*TD_N@4:K?82S+!AB13[R'3G^IN&!$Z5+46/8R,F2
M&,5Q&&:8D;8+BMSVWD61\[.B;0?O LDS8T3\.P#EPSZ(@EOCHZT;91JXR/'$
M.[4,.MGR#@FH]L%SM#M$H8%8Q.\6!GFW1R;\D?-/4_P\[8/09  *I3(21\7



Z:N)ALV23U3%)'8#UKXF(VRR:9

M'\CI@5+/!]\]2 :BMG-'HI*?.S6^O*D[S;;GV#[H;WB1]Z2&7T34;2?1D2L]
M%NQ$J#A7H%.$3_KF-'KZ3@6%2IGM6N_%.(_&0O'^-EZG&5_\!U!+ P04


M;6R%4]MNHS 0_17+'U 32-


M!\$:I8U?4H_6H3I1*%'\
ZUQW5*?QZSF7:;D,^$_(K 4J-H\P=WOH-3L0.





MS@UKQFS=@^+V!@?0_D^+1G'G4]



M(%5)%E[#)2C+M4(&VAU^7&WW14!$P!N'R9[%*'@_:/T1DC_-#F?! @BH75!@





IA(8\(1
M$4AU9XC(#K&*)O3(%6 ]1:3(!=E
(3E\; +.S@DU'P[G3!X+H)D T@)H$$B=

@\2Q(; GD=I#6!#&8U*03J(\+MK9@67@#MKFC=M-U
G.=3%UGP)D:
M&_-$%:6S(*DEX*RCE8UYHDJR69#

!I:#W%P3!#
(^
?


M1
D:C]/#RG^%RP)B#3&(7R5MQ6#L:?-;QC[TY

Q]X7C?3'T'H6/


U($YXZ


2YX;6R%4\MNVS 0


ME@/J5]


Q0_A:U;9W9A)(:&GZ2]@6'1QA;N/6!Y0F?
GA
M9RJX42Q=_B*KJP#G%GE8RT94(V$K*)D!:?$O*1D%\16'06^OK.+:]*C0
Q
*NF#
&5AT








M

M\@Q5+RFIG(@S&(?A(^2D[8(B=W.OLLC%1;.VHZ\2J OG1/Y^HDP
^R *;A-O


M7)A^$\

X$$V*7(H!J)[8OR/:&5Q:$^

3/7*#=WYCK/7 F5I
M#J_6:
4\C4SLF-A'E$LBQ3[DL$0R-/09/0&C3=!8Z='4U!\WP!M#) SP)/!
M%V^E:R;SUKID
(I]7+GB$$+IH]?OL.00PBCY=(!P\?_VY$R_$WEN.P6.0INKX&Y!+82F
MQBU\



MN?&K0RG354?*



M4YA[$Q-1F)F.@3/;V326M'4.D$]!Y5A:B 02K5

M)QTCR##/9IB$PGPW











G+/_@6V 8#@@A@XQT'9 _+P#
MHNV :#@@DF]0












G_4^_\



$%I-D%3]TC4=_-0=U]C.C
M42DOPH2S&K+#6+ZD[JH\Y'=V7
-TW66*O*5G^$G5N1$:':6Q%]'?P9.4!FQ_

M%



W]
MM;-O:T+ 

M#AOER7
RM7MF9)

  8L


5PZ#B!]6=

M#I0XW[K&H75=_P=02P


M554V_+D+Y+&N6??WB5?BO PAOR\E(=]0O1:A%=ZW9ES1M9BB;H^'X9?H''
M-3(0@_A5\K

XUX#K_A6]11
'TY\S:NJ9])7_C.0OE^S



M@MS#D'S4:9) 0LBL(6

A=J

M3#  S!HS 6(

M;'$C#9-
$X\4@AM#H'?;X@81


DV\2C

+F$O
M+R !HAOL


M%CE\Y)5-RSK5B Y(5AV;]'^F%F%$_QNV* F?6!K/PGQ;H.?Y2$(;0F,L[.V
M#M0T-_;,.+=&!OQQ]_QVL1I?W3_[E9KJC]1Q9X%_].4NC;%A@$H646O7+^)


M9: % [G\^
Z(MPWBT:#S!K$S(
X A5$ZK]*+CEZ4.A$A(=F%VZ!D 4KFH&P5



-CD*B$28X.6IA9-;TM

M+IR[:Y40FAFW\

$%


M171?L&=RSIDSQIZ\$_)350 :?7'6J'50:=VN

ML6HET*




]LM[W0GS:X
=Q'836 C X
M:*M S7*!+3!FA4SA/[WFK:0ECO=7]5?7K7&_IPJV@OVNC[HR9L


7%H1HXQ
]\J%[GQ]]E*0C.3X
M8H7N
!N/B1TF&A#8J
^6B.]+;.(1/9XKL!TC%K


W'\Q/=)
M_J
+


669QG

5B9\38$#$[:;A=F+_V+
M]X$6[75^#4.T^ =02P


M)
^








BYX;6R55\MR
MFS 4_16&#PAZ\?)@9AI[.NVB
Y/)Y$

] ^C%GESB_']F_J^5*^2\%IQM6_2GWXB35 M_;
MTT-QJ<0SN_Z@PQKCG#'*JY^O=V%U:/*;Y7%^_]M6S4]=I'0C2DV1/0D(F

MC\K??O0M)S'


A @'613;^
'A
K#
1I'

@=7!+

MJD%B0E+@LO7

U($3  .OP!  #A!0  &0




X4T^'VJ^1=IC'[_
M5OW9KE:G/Q))2\Y^M95J=%@8!A6MR86I5SY^H]
28E/PQ)FTO\'I(A7O;I8P
MZ
3;=V )P.^&]#GALUDVP,P6SZ_I*%ERP<= #L1L-MII
MN3!%=.5 +T;:H?V[W.RUB+(T!U=3:*8Y. VV&KRF*'U%&MTE0 =838%O*7J7
M EM_X@@0+6(XT<&)4BN_V9L%HS-G)&M

M+TCQC(3A*LD7(0RS+-X^L#G) I7
46@5-1








]/QT]VM_-EM=K
Z]5H
M7=V=G?P%KV] IP:SA_P]KQXWV?M1

M5;VM%HNFJ5W7_W:M_NFT

PW*#%O1P6'(S8Y+#D8
4FAT4'

M_CJW



XTQQAV

^2)1QZUX-@9
M]MG4\9.;(XP%RZ[4=8M*Q]OYD



MGE4[6BOE2L(AER1$


M
=%(EL 41ZWA3#24B08QT; Z-3'YS@U)+


?&L)X14?);1/YC]Q?Y@:'O
M B
_+QS'W?2UUS-V*CH6'2N

M/!=PE);.2IRV^9E%[G1Q98JI&25M4&HZ/]QI2B.']UV6WI\=HI$\ 7*42 YS

BI)M]! ^50P/20)*6!TB



H!(V1&'W]HDRHZD!#XG


=!T@C

D%9T32_

M-*!0FA=DY4$% V%XH@=



MYF67Q54R0NDPFB.K:B!@;T\'00B@H704N1Z+^XH!JG8_$]PSYKA_9-[*
MCQKQ


M'D\G_7??JNFD_&SRU3K[5HWJSZ)(J]^W65YN;\8PWGWQ??6Q;+HO@NDDV



O]WM6B6+5LQ'BVR

M';[]FH9Q
@F^NDP.YG; H

M.F#B'B
H<4;DI8Y

N!+ SLT']'P4=)QP3 C'-N$C*Q\[M2C:/X^!$C)0




R
M

TV3S-TN@;4


R:4IMAMTO4H1/E
MQ@8U=8( 2).FK-IX.;=SC]UR+H^ZKEKQV$7JV#1E]S<7M3PM8AB?)YZJW5[W
M$\ERGESB-E4C6E7)-NK$=A$_P/LHEYB%;\J<5+.?=3#/TOYT@]^;!8QZ!E$

M6QYK_21/W\6X!MH;KF6M[&^T/BHMFW-('#7EVWM6GL]#4](-H:% ] 8@X!
M





M&YI-H)D+#8
T.7
WFU]C=E491BBH*ES5+(.NV55F/F'F'C


G
G#X'I-6A/
;'A6MY;'5P\?N,GMIK!YL7S69S_N&
MR_8 [S;+^:'<B9]EMZM:%3U+;3H)VT1LI=3$(([4Z[WIB6\#&JQU?UM9NZ[

$%     @ -IS-2
$HG*Z' @  
0H  !D   !X


?HJ14.I]-W8J5


M8%D$H48
\:NB5S%Z=[3Y+6

M31TX?K^I?S/I*OM;(NB&U;^KO2R56]]U]O1 SK5\9]?OM
]AI@5WK!;FT]F=


BC&RB)Z;B*P\(Q,?=7GZL^<L240&X&XWZ@9







._


M@_!D%C: DP&\&X#R4X-B
B@\@VPD
WE]I9*NEP._)N)
]6J#1R4?M!/E.5')

I+1I BB#-J
&C)B]B-+8


MD3FJ7: P350410&Y7[!R9W;J(
PDFA:J%^,R%6B&M3SL#[446!CH6PS20:
M@RT4%8KN)$^J/K:9\^675@ =






R0H@/MKH!^U1.
M[
B)+3FI=]]L3#;MA#I.Z)B  F_
=!0

MF0XL#=@;[  :HLUB

AME3$WD
P@
QQ2W%&
MP:SMA6YU@%9YH-3OC(P6%P%
9SAR\Q[&

M#]K:IJ





$1C8D#   \#P  &0






ZK]K6:CSHX_]R\#/?']HNX%@M0RN=MN\E%63




 S8XP+;(JI]IS_ ^431$ @E^/U+H1 JM2 2


6H0SHD1.E

9%6N )DJ6I9_.W&I0SI;9'H
M;L7%;$8AQ.R32FCIMT#$&:8@F%I@&&+
V!SU;A7'=AF/8?6A75[ADN-2X*M
M'8K/J+38[0C8:@D7,GK 3*E2K_@!9](N(,A!LNV,+1@,UH,=GL,MIJ,F%CK
MD1V)@IT@^8!-+!,7(S-TNZT-TOWQ!(7XTAL


]8


KS_+3@QLEH^+O0SBW


MV]Q^'$Q/JHQ@)H./%Q 









 OLQ\HPML7 RGV.0 7U$T5://
MH0G




XTG73_EV
?V_\!4$L#

M=#8R+GAM;(V607.C(!2 _XKC?2
B@G829QJ=G=W#SG1ZV#W;A1.5;)FNZ_


MLO
JC

=:/1[Q










)

M$I.

@1FO+IK2V ]HXX

MJ6KN':B0C4WWM#.E DEWP9
\24KYA3)

#H+-4SEF'4]NYL(VMP_08;OH/P?



M]NV7'^NH


]!]D-($CY.
M(IS4&5H^=A;!?)U#S!)%LZD^@=E_A_DV63Q)%@^3Q?YC@6@B$(T$@G&6M:O6
M8586XR\2]-AE.7%9#EU0

0CD]D#WXXP^(G;L9J8K$8F\:S)

XWU7+BFZA:*

$%     @ -IS-2

M=L\9C4H-$)=$G?WWFP]$P@29BY#XOMU/VD8ZN[+VG1\I%=Y'735\Y1^%.#T%


M:
7ODE[YX-Y3\&^

?[N@]YS*.+R_

50DH;S$.'HG*'V1UV*Q

MWV 23];6%@*(
$1?Z(ID1)U8U*F3.K%23;=%
EMBMV(2%H]@\1 V=J98X]D2



M
\




MS4B

MVW+:2!#]%8H/'._N#!5BVV,X]JJ5!YVGV4C&RH$4DVR=^O+@.9;H^]C5]

]/G3(^8'LKJ1[W.\V;T:UOLZLOQNFGV%Y-)_;C.MUG]I=SGN_:7I[+:

!&-FLLTVN_%LVC_[5LVFY4M3;';YMVI4OVRW6?5[
MGA?EX7+

/+W53
M;H\FX]$V^S5\;W;]]V'XQ;%@EC80P4<#+CZT$ & TDU4
% 40UT
-!4 Q




V@5*KY)

ZP(C(0)TGI!0)1.

9TNZ27



Z#Z!0&4:W%421=(D)

R<U]* V2O%;-VRZ9$PR(C0;.1;B(6,CZ2<,$8:6.76(PD$-/

G6A8OG00DK:H!66#P7D [_4&(+=J/@4T
\O+1C6
M!05TP;]S


KF9O

U((=G]++    V@  &0



M5KL/*U5]V'UV$R=!!9QBI^G^_=J&4.R2AN0!;'/.\9G)C.S\Q-M7L6=


 :]67+VYI*-6UW@3BTC&X

M:T]MD?.CK

M+A23B!65M

)

M
 I3ZY!;:W6.(1'4]M\#A&))



M5J?.*21PFPNBFP-VVPMBRT4X'7 \^H?3*


MK5F[




MQME%6P=JACM[89Q;(P/^
_!<@'WC

M60*


M%Q\0:[=%T52%I9EYF*I4'B;/;A!+Q;:(;9K
_#R\S
MU&E0N=HW'476?KVKM<KSCJGM^8<A_=5G%V@_?[_]L-MY;]EM5KK_-OET)Q;


*L!0PPF]6$V-@8_
M$'&KPN#N#)6Q.E^KI8.QBO#)L#4^R-:&
.$=\:M#0WV0G:LF8
@49)[V

MJKW]; :






MP
\IM C*IJYBBV\H!53.U# F
IDR.)X?8JEDR*D
1 RZ&.Y3 60 $=@DX^
M4E#H$#1]GI@UM4\56#*0G:N%%H)=:R$!1Q-&Q]AB8?DV'!



M_
*!.%.*^+\=)JS;.IYS=;S6ITIJ!\Q2./+*FN)&U*P!'!^WSK.WR3U70PSB
M3XT[
*@ATH(%(\)\07$6DM$KQ0$4??1K
MW9BUZT^2<* M$_R!X(\$+_Z2$ R$X$;X.D(X$$*+ /M23-R)%&6<M8!T2)]
M/;R-@G
MHI2!JEX8T_2W]UZR51BG\**%9IA=C_$-QAL14*DOAO#G(7;^A.XO
M!=A/$4FX!
FGD'5P/XG JC
P_&H,[DO$%HH1$(!X'58J/FF/5BK0]@\L\P

(
M[PNL+8'U=]OEN?9_Z#[0L#DHBA8[9H%B*QDXF0\4\Y
9M (4[-S(_@
P
M?_;U?+'\.SWDS=RYR61IBT[X-^*GNA'@P*2:7F9P'1F36&7G/JFK6:EG:#0(

^-AE_P%02P




F?]S




OJIFE=S/./7]55M5RVGO(W_]LY??G.UK#_^\'[

MFWIU
#F;K.:_]S\7Z]W/Y_U?@NK


[

VY_O
*;')
=DOV=9^W.20;@WB
M;SDD7!MB
LG.Y_D];O=?=S=(?NK

M45MEHV2&'!F?ZX_/L@MTAAEV#@H!4PXQP]%Z$JWOY]
K@8= /(1^#)Z=VEGH
M3:U6RCD;V%SUN3=:A9 4F_T2@T:G:2YBB3VB&)G[ZI9%.1*P)1#S'TB42;


M$D
M=GV4&#2YJ= 2.0!:$@&5Q(&&#4-AH/_&D&%5D$ 2!0 JW*!/[MJ *BF H&_K












A5:#\B'9

MG)YYJCU^]#C)(?


MJ

M(HP_.58@
B5CM.7E'8'.0^X )#H7J



)^@EIGI0A5 P$8:JFYF+WVDF<
MA!K 6=M)9M]^Y0-$K32.:V\-E^WNO5WRY8R?L_RW\5SFI:#/_O=H;@:/I?E
MR^5H5-P_I_NDN




Z_1BS

7G=
ME;^R]YNTS4%5#N^S75'_'=R_%F6V/YH
!_OD3_.Y/=2?[\TOEK5FM %O#?C)

&X;7C&0DLPX9.!$C'P(=!\=Q3'E@SZD19AQ%
M82GF&C$4


*00C2(KA$+


MY
Y7)MWV



M4%[D2-

@'5G


D1GV5:?K08!6AHEK/+3DMZPAUPC).
M]\1M'(!46DA2N@U&JP










UL7\

MJ.
9!?YI5;7
 ICYX


MP_Q!;Y1^QMWX


M_2B*W[V5JS)=)=G2[\ PZE2WD6Q?@

MJR9( $_O
SQ+GL

V+MN#'T- Y39'!]''*__


K;92








E/+*Z&6

T2$?W&ZZZ05K;SD]O54YL
O?6
M#;EOO[J;-LW)[]A+Z]#%5BVKX^1__RE]O$W+IF4CO44S$B*9 OP$=N)P'C7
M)%VBQHH(DY9S^#FY;[#9J-?O?[N5B- 0S$#A-EVN4&,%%*YV(Q_#AF4'U#0
M6(M0__N@L;VCHB*AOL*7&K)W73:6Y7%79/$SU*FMR)Q-EY-\Q3M%21D+AZS
MG(P@R'JZWCA.@4'





MQ-0IQIWC2=ZFP E2/-GK$(P(V-@:* 0V*88J]\L\-WT0)=*ZQ;8/XO4R4
MK$'INMVLZ=8!(\AWY-]JZ,8 .[U]G#UEBQ2PEY8&0)K21AOF(]ISB[OKECT


5T1SNG
MN&R1HS.;7'W717K86#1_\= 
72V%PB[^L&%ZUBX


A2A:Y$%3IB5:C[%4L\/F:=:*=G^5!=R.V?
M$_

MVO#YW6-M6^/)%Y FD9[4MNO]R&R^:
#
MM[DEG-=@V#3=SD4SFVLU5

M 'CO2%M%L\UME2TR=


^.;


MX&H#^FS;#A5[OGFKN&7*E-W-*O;WKLO9[G=W:UI)3.;N7+CK?$C\ Y!,^Y




%$=NK
MR_.SHQ9\ORSODUSD.]\SJU
.ERN

H67_/XF_;+V/BSA[.KK
MZ8@PN;B\.?$[R]_]KXLMZTYQVGU;S
5FHWMYLJRU
01#_T/!L2'*!A3
I'


1M^4W@_%XN?$NT&!8)EX
MQSVO


2FS

?C;
MA*.@JNXLD
SM\+#O98 .6:E
#/?JH4?0 @!0( U6:P[16@*$T)V5;P!77KS;
M%U+L$GT?C

#F
5
M8'^W62/?,*810-_-<@U8:VG*UANE?5KJLB9+V%;.0 2X;A[%J T+6Y0(E]L

M*;-






MT



G2N^QYC9B-


M^LT'X2$#G








VZB%L+6\P*4Q@3O+O=/TMMR@=LNV*00D&A942
5T]IE^

+?84^W4I$962H-$97G)9AI6P9*Y)-



#H
^@??(971V(V+^&0)*H[_8FJXGOG2RB;4PO
CA3R2+JF



3#(U?
N)L[MG5F? 9\R'BP *02K[.%






&
MVH&WKZJ%
%68TQ4?JV(CLCPX*A4V8.SNULD<
NL<M5
MLQI+ BF,:U[K-VUW3F!5S &ZI-C#Z5M[UC2/EX^RX&;Y\BHMGP=V/B-!@
MT&\A0#5I3[^E:(VZ7XW[#U1AGJW$6&'B%HAS*!.41$-59

0XZ1LS/V9:MRD

M#TY0 5K= F17R.#FG!JJPP+E&A
E4:9SD?W(0 @8G##'N*DS-.5J)_\K&_D3


R&

92VB\5&6#K&.E.ZE


09R&U#



UWMH2D6^&%FVP#;@





MHHIW J0')11_SC.=8


M


SLP%);ZFR(#OX#_$VQ@MWW_$B9([O'^WH








-$4&[:&CDC(A*#*.






MZ)-Z-1A&P

662

PI@/H
;Q&9Z. 2+G$!F%E&UKZGM(17
M[U .8Q.9+\$



 [%P]*/6Z% :N;


MHKXBO.T@
3*$:&#-+305@?$IDT:^F(@\4QM)GSIR*22\%(Q) ;@/F/I.R;5

M^]N]6!7FO_/VLP
LGI$BYRL?F5U/77::*2N=@&/S9&3N+64K78M_HWQ4/N

M3$P@TQ-6(UT6MUCPF
LUXJJFRSL$R&]ZWNP1\&#'H7Q9GN&A9GDEIP.4BA=@



$^WR\=6B#%(2:


M9A+&IFD014%+SC&&([.U5';F+%U((%WZHU-7D#K
\L.F(/5K('](_SH$/KJH
M*






TV/R
M]N





M*

%GG+BCCEE1F;R(PB

^O&




M$YA& */N&BQ]Z7BZQR1/N/B/(;Y$)G#I?*;[EK&G4+I5TG9&=!#;C\FKGPB%

A1A@C+!T]C:TDD.@3+D+

M6;&WFD0UEM 24U
KXY9PN4_J@




U#



M9X11]2-;&F3:-?4(2%8!0.XRBF?5[TWZ5L5#]T#HV2M\=MMYD)TUY;B';-&Z


M3J9
'8%

8





IV6I



M(





77?:N


'[T:3T= /
M)N


! !]0: +M(&FF&@;0ND



MU6F=
50W22/_(KQXKPN(8\^BU.X\EIEVUZ_&M#A5$_
VP#B-DSZ2#:?D/DDL


LUMGMH
M4S2GLR

UI;PXG

MC+DF3Q*



? UWL3L2Z/!8$O.U1R
1



MXOZ@6=71^02 :I0!E
0W:/&%@/O 9T4

?')'\1FHS.:O
!A::$QX*\
M.
V&E%05F308?KMC0\UOZ7]'JINK$4(
+Z3:MS BG
ZP1[&2M7^O4JS.14DR


!7]GW8W:V/W/K
U+15HD2*



3

?D;%BBI*HJQN'+%M SV3MPJ?(Q
%Y_?4C9!+3BMJ7TS[^NW6H8@G



MU;5Y;-3%.M]9CEP(+R7V$D8O!A8UO%UFU8-4G
:2/@?4\.X/2IE3]8RN6Q



M%O*&G4GK*+QT024+H@:R6CAKM5L=.&:1PT)4@A.UPZ'\B]-.Z6*Z/8EJ

'6TDWIL2**VB/_H7]KG2IY75JKGD

5+FHJP*$Y#DO=
U]DM_1L8A\AV
VR)%*FILYW$YW

H-/VRQZKR_YRH'



!1
(L%)_T.;0A1Z?C4$?K)'F^67AGT <AP!2L$A1KUPZ(W\:#@!%C5

A?@.X&
;R]*3O#97[


C=#SP'




RC/NPWEQ.=97M+55AN[ISHALKTD


4
Y6I0'BX?O.*
&G

0G-IER
MB(]X#&@K2O;0
K2[CQ9HVE'.*)Y3+163D8/1R?7T.3&#KA()(]

-.LJFF?;(UV()UUWH'(1Y-OO4



M;)&*['@6\;O#NV4

M4;XM_2CTPW$YM(2


M2T$LDD2D3



JA9!NCN/5W()G5 ?#'V#$VF1(
MAE.KIM?
(MNH64S3K;2[XV5QE&B$K(:TPABEXA_.X&C%5SASXHJCNY.D8Q

M4X$CRWB'Q=K16L?Z(C 

MJ6[ZBEL;VXV
G?02H%]GO7-XY[HG+TNO;+M3=^8HDVP1R@U)M7HTJG70!J0Z

:YM+-304=#?JDW^S47ZW*QMHI9B+ 






MRN
8+7BM
L46RK%W=9FA ^?2ET-N45K-QTG:EN2X\[^9AG=[5Q[Z1$HAM$
MEY&Q$%.Q!:XF]E2^4.


&\
M1?Q^4&!K]\%X1L,T(W@8X'N7P88+I&1$OVMS:$:V*Q$4R$6].9+NM:E@9TJ
MO\95G%4-PN6W3_@FM^A/127(KTP+1NVP*RRF@];/:I4I[T/35)*7M^=Z&G;

SDUMZOK/7K20&
6=]GK=:K=0](I30WS4TB
43[%1X6TUPP+);;
M?HH'2\6B$KLOK++JX00?/MBB;%H$I6E7[ZHOH52]&KDAU'$4_/Z9%(\(@R(
M6UB=M
E2/Y&IUU*$G
F6
I4XJ=NO3@^
+
#*G*(!A


M?G\\86@-1D-_'-(?$V\PI'PH1L)! 





U0S=34A]
RGCEHLM
M(EM3BW0J?
#EX9T*PYG=S

]VG!EG06NJ.5-E]#K=U3ND:CBN?P4D @1&XNG6+G^7BZ 0[





MT _]8##$HM43[UNLLNM/!F-_

1Z@(3+VQD

=J#1.0\F-


)PQ[L:PB G48%#NL7!$W


94^BC



 04C#8_.) 4 *SHU1./)'

MGE[?G%R?_^2=GEU



)



M35?:XOMG_]#S&L




M3X:JAL]^_.(6(U:D.UP%/WF/Q1.S+]7ZBH(V5
[?7C@.3$%\_75W75F]CC5Y




M^[QKY1A4F?^*8
F]YN$DW=






MA_\0X3^BS/NO7=IYSW.&?Y#A&YKM%ZK
=L-MWN#!X\WZ*Z;]1/%X5$16C[B



L[I^


M?!= 1U'+'==A@IF=)=);5  
)&=!TM&AN32Q:%S$FISM@)B:K@P!6F(HWF
MKULDAKHTM!%''83BREZW*!AA$LZ2\_*H [==4[X-LPPH!F\YD4UNK8S
ACNC


MJJ/XM9^1N.X-8DE@G/1K8;?]
&UAS(+YT[OW8-



Z+*2XHD'*JFB


M&

M I!*O



M*DSH#&0&_NT+8EBNK

21;I!U=B+5F_F@4AO
IO-

UPL6Q';*YC@4%.8YUE
M-9VZ97FZ[#'2\C(%/*NR)\4:_UY(KY


^J(XH!9X
6MZ&W


O5



M5&9KDJ3IEP

,K&<,9]T+TMV#I1=$3AWY.G/8.T1'




MI42YJ7!.+D+



RK9/M-%O?X

+0XO3FZ\

U.'8:'SEE$93

Q_@QB(=^OQ^;5IMVE6$[

MVB;P
9Q
Z-L@Q#KGC2S
LXL?3BYN+J\IJW(''+#T5=6I_KW'V0;C:R=1Z2__
M;F5&QR
3@8 E#ZWND&+J<V;]UE7]84UA4 LHSB$56
MFHS9^TL%-('2EEB_D234(8PYZ,8R67P!_&?1PZ!O /\*4*[A2(:VST)YW-
MF NQ'@D^B)67 .







MCH=#?P)WM%7RW#^!\4 BB$1

M?I4%!87:/LAM


9\
MX4MA\4VJ6FQUMM1BBY:=RZ=*[#]EZ;


M9






M%/BALJ7
 CVGB-* PGDAR7(XZ(_


MNMKNOWNZHFX15EP7*)(31:7


$

MO5&R8%

MJ%?[-FV(@DB3-O.43][7VFQFL]]WL/:KY
?9\F'S3'VBT0UF'^DZ!?Z^6@'_






[8Y
M&-590(I@H9@64E0PDA=5J-EJX7[J)$ 343SE0R%%B]PIS0W20N6388=6&32

+
U\M:U9)KFVSJ



\7+)-$E
@8286

M*K9TVKRN5IS+11EN]8BXP.@51!*:S;_:H
:M@]6%=4V51] 9\+%GA:V8]$:#


YN[=;-LWT?CNTKUO
/^ VW/
M
.%DK6KFH/UA/J/CB&SPF9]6ORL$GOD
ZZ





M&I9\$S1D])/C3H8ZJZ$F86W]V[\3
!5P('4T^I'(ZR836=G;91VVGN^I$-_M
ME_6WE6#:\'J;(\2/'$:%5F0[TZAY1Z


W69$\THF(<08H6[\A .
M5'I+
X&@M*M1E&TRK.E5;=J!


W)XRI5+AF)5AL?$3


M&GOH8M

M4WU5(MG:+O?J- 4+MUP0HA\\+_@JY''=S) #C7H^P

MOS4!YC5[\?HGQ5F!!SY^(^=F+P=MS^ICJPREQ#*^+%!(]0IX!M-J58RL/28I

6A'2.1N4C56ZUR=20=)D&.'%?_:B0#5352#CE5)U2&(]BQ
B;X
'






MXY
9=C;HEP

IA -=T3\T.W.^EW2^B2^D





M^G3_+E '3GMXR7QHD!* *K'L\F*^0+(\0*$P28?#(7-]\T=[BP99?_HA8@
M



0*%Q($X[/L!C1LY6\-!PD

M''_))C!06!9\$1D(@Z
W?^(^@-4-)Y
T!_5??HAV/TS*M*J PU:#9O?PI;A#


M+6$-VN#3O=#7=Q&ZHXDKBD6-CU3RN8J@

 V3[H
S9OE[/;7(S(]HR5$T%Z
M

P- F/R1'J/UG


M_;K&FJ6D(HP&V!?L_ ^@B-+'$7RL2OI8V?VKJ







5Z48
SX^3L_.W%Y8=V$XXCT.O/I

M!6 E0_1


MWP-' MK)$/_)




8P$*6G8-R;A

0;.

(IVH(=R3@3@.F0Z)GTZ$^**HBZ)3H.L#)8\TWY+


]8P3


RJA03$JAW6J2



O:1LIN[;(M\AXH@U%-PUZOZ!,
M,#@W)ZJF5HKFE-N 12[HN%7*AW3N6/: )CHVA8J9.Z,7-B2@@4?'LRTF'RL(
MN!1;CT=5&%5K4++

M[2 #6Y6]5F82QKKW1&
0XK[Y5!CB?D_%E*[1?LM-)/2YI29[V@C7.NFXK!T$
MT$E+9^\N+DY^/GO_GK2?L_/KZ?F[

 0SW

M:4@U[-3E__E?7I\.4OR#+#X:NY^65KG/9J@=%:? 7X'!;$WQG+EB=5LO+;DC



9X5J[Q2O4;\@(+AZVQ).T9+UG[)Z] 

Z?$_K
5C.-II^P]
M=_/V

M$ QU# BI=H*H5PT0=6:X




MC$AKJ8^SE2E^EF
X!ITK5?@-I?G] B$G_FLJ2IABR=*LQ)


5-#
Z=3H
MK)*GC5517LK,VNM#T_ZVWOQ*_'/VL  60O6.+.Q1PAWMM*@1LH-;GREZL1;

[4?A):$FV&CCG*VNH\ZBL6B-JK8'G;3V(D(
MBIZZ8_AU.WL*VX*J


#ZAI%G::IZ*
MQJIQ2RWUU

TU4FA1NN%PS1I(V'=)=(^VPAMHL8MIEJ5.G


&^\L8!



:$^R-]K1HA.%
MV\[O[((%(RI4]- =2.-%!.'C8X0O]VLV]FC3
2;WD]WX[P\5B5PJMG3:O*Y6






M$6-$^'K 48@.$9
29T$SWY*U0B\_!;[
ZQO@^F@FP33XK177@ 'SE/ZQP-!%


MP8
]%
U.H1[\ ZX_$=#AB/J7NC]::

$136.-<G$6XZ.=D[-+CD
M/,),JODV3F[1AC@LWBNVT]/%VF4K.G[L&8E=!T;:WMX9KA_=K]0:57E*I$P

M(MN91DT](L?F7079#B
:
3S7BA894L.*YJ#5_P-M9\XXNAO
;#-EP*8E#A^B



M7!


MI=F+US\IT8^$

;^)..]B.
MI-JN6?BME2JN-3+]BYN/%3Z8/GWN)X-)2]4PY2L
OJD((E8CTZXL%GD&='K=


ME[J/QQ+)U$*S=#+6=WX*L




M4FF!9M/_9(48/.
_U:9Z
UO%BWQW7=XV'9A*.\7J?1E'1K3ZW__G+N;N*]/A
ML+:_O./


M-0574.W3Q8YS 0KH&N/E0N]^AV!]:;


FT


HP05:
MJDLWN(4&5$5



MT/-TH9TOX/L-1_%[JY&'&@J.;A:B-@&9O2:ZSH3P(SZ%?^ESWJPW=9:KI%

1VWEE+F

M\XJ#F*OUH[:ZK*Z*/7CV%OC


69E&%8RT&[O


^/J
-/Y/6) /6XX!U2-)Z:3

Y2KZXOC/QZ]
MF5XA6

76OKDBV^6OQ6$HJ=V^N4420X-NXYL9]3P&!37*5V=%JY



PA+_ M?-J9BK?VO/5M-Q9P$'S'6UD3H$(P5R#;?PF)LHHE7%*R
M'Q+F507CGU2GUBGM/%#GG1TDX!G4M-4'9!)L&B*0LPGTK\E!&V?8MIHX+SD@



MU6T:&MJ\5O\=@/3?%9





(0G

M







[YS7
DG_V[_\2S[(!SX+NH$S'Q^H6%7H



?;\O&

S4O


F
MEV'.A?=U'CJP92AI8AAZ\M.*;#*D1
6S]

M29 7!V8P&87R



M4$L! A0#%     @ -IS-2!^R(A]6 @  52L  !H              ( !2@

M2P$% ,4      VG




MG
U(
13






3

M  @ -IS-2%#Y*)BC 0  L0

M:&5E='

4      VG,U((K5IDJ,!  Q P



4      VG,U(:Y65Z






M-IS-2!%WPJRB 0  L0

M='



   9                8I?  !X;]W



ML0


M;6Q02P$% ,4      VG
U(8RWC2*

4


V





Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0




2YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4      VG



M-#

MG


($   9

M%     @ -IS-2
YV0(_A @  Q@H  !D              ( !P(D  'AL+W=O


U($NB*)X




M% 
C  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-34N



U(




M:&5E='


$1C8D#   \#P

M 0(4 Q0    ( #:


M
BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      VG


MS4A^W4AS&@(  +


_ AU2R @  H@H  !D



/8 0  X 0  !D              ( !=-



M='

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      VG
U(%QDYL%  !Y&   &0








2/

_@KL_RDFC'V+Q@-R'#XEKS/T
MMP^Q-YWYP+7D;Y
(C?_V 1_M879T/_Z(



88U#)*S1
MAK#&Q@A['%\'.4'5 R$H53S)+U0:LI3)?NF:
MKA44;;#F4.1;HQE-&W0YE#
M$4\
98R-44;24@&N
@+\4$Y528!CB:.M+

M/*C2P7)L*\+B-XRA*FV2L/JAVW)Z&\)NSI8K$3;CV(
4!:T(JV^
8XE:-QXD



3CF7*L%*N0\K(4J&7


W




;;)%&R1;B;T[/U\KA]
MKQ1WR2+[? -1L$BO%'O66

MA#5ZI=@KQ4-FZW(:+&;G&?[


M3

MDB!_EM'LC7
*%DM!+T:9 2L=XV7UPG$Q15*=-S21
NX9#N;?/
&1JG]!JC







MCA)O;._S::3J?5@
('3(A
M.#YY97\Y3



.+?


M



MCX-02F7FJ+D+?2\


M




RZ_3WT7MY'WT8S-/'8'KF6

MD_0QF!W'8 Z#3?H83






M4)$

CT-OFC5N4.%Z W'
G

M;YMGOH8!_!R%/@Q(N
0/1J@\T?%]LPF//F^


M'(*X.0C&JA:)]U+J *34OA:%EYFIEU(')Z7VE;&JY5N]E#H *;6OY5IE9NJE
MU


[#D)=
M5B9A]7DABURTP[R0 V2A/JWD
-)*#H*U*L9\SUJ'QUH'8K3WK'5XK+5GQGDI





*^


MLYPS.X*HM%DEAZUVTWL]6W.Y]'DT@W[]+$-#@W_:SA]VX.3U6P C*\]0/(J\

9PL.UQA57
]/HV0ZR79

\#^\$#Z]OA^ U[J$J;
+3L

2VR#
M1W

=.- 
I+'


M?N7UF*3;7N/E''CR-(R3X\!-7_CJ3$FTK&?)3EERU6#FBKM%85FR^6_Q@K40


MM&3JV:R79BF;F93-)& S

M!N)%1P^73_8SX'@H+


_-*-=?[ R6O^S[_C/72B


^HA?_]<R+$\_WD7L2
MSJ/'\ERGYB.Q'^Y&*' P:!=AA$9.7,]8V4.'S5K#@KGD+G;,T2.N<_UV[1
MCJPBHYU5)O;C=WCS3K%ST5XB_^)GCO*8WWE?T[.0*7D1=/?I]X\7?TRK(_
MYA'7YZ.

Y:%0+27\J!H+%OU4FH?


JGC4%C5[]8LV9R@(IU[ 7U)$ZNJ:BQ_-?F4P

(#C;[]U_\8#L]]8G



+/USX
MSM/*2R@??AD[?HSH&J5OL8MDB]^00WQ.#_C*BZD?2M)BZ8?K5K[PXI'C0V[*


D:<P6IW79S$CD<CY(.J0^Z ?(T%H_3YQ=5O

$8MLR)/C_

MQ;/C(RBJ2$Z=*'K%SY/:_QJ0\ZA=&62#OUFRC0%6__K32JMW#7*%RB8?9$V5
M=%59$V1\:$(L&N);-$+X%0CLH20]L\V):PE.@JY+MBT5H/)6[0CBUM 80:


MH:NFRF[7\C4[@J],KZDMTQ#T?5V\%UB$SIX@LLO2F;\ T!8N7Z.0S=%\_W

M:70!.Z
SVI!8H!DL7=$9$5B[V+H050C'UQ.J)*F6L2)$]/?F1.'K!4V3)-G6

M.?ER6EH-E







(7I:L!PMQ$

MGWFM
8T



MF\.CL@E\;3)49%LU;:TS/
@AF(2^BZ*8-L9K3G*!/6_I.AB%!:B+:ZT%385P
43$*W:-G4W-<P^5I.E[$!Q##&DN76AZJRP7R=):T
4.8J
M0N SBWLVIY% +2F2A4T!1BW5K;8F1!7Z&)+DJRHNM82HE8.OE04+*L6](B
M/%S7?9U8A\G74VW@.4M=2VSS

MUI7V@-XY/HIOT3

R3B8R7_B;
MBH)M2
-:#;+3



UL(\V'8)
MRX^V/NL)\(PV)M._N*=@


$UIP]I8X/AT


RS'+AQ3(P
(
5&FGU&' CH@ER6!7=8F\25H9H4RCQ-HOLS)-@QE




M9*V:DF*HG:-Y J1SU+;Z H*?,VL6;(&54.;'WRH!)4F4@ZB39V&&OD 2-P


MF4E-C'1!%7\E;ZH1$%USO&A!.7\T@ZAYO0H-Y_J&/+25X(/ZX%^RF&T0OF
MF






MR4BY^F77 HY'4$%G+M64=-U8%3K
\YBJ
3I#]'\O@\6NTRT(*6JH:\JEA@5-


#2[6K15A
MA:9AU0?+O;+CK%EVNB-UK3:;D%K0+@=;^+IETBYF;0#:$$*\_1#XH+*I0(1]



MO(%A'7EDZXI8X'T('=%)0
RW*
M


H


MHR.$7)+*!O-WG6 $K?6=8UN1V1XI1M6RZ/'..#T!7
/)H*R[]EFVUQM3K

M_@-%(R]NX[\)^F/IMF4NX]GJXAT RJ&HH#N6M#Z
A/37
R))LQ=:7!X+^F)A


MR]L]076U!!.#Q1952VS/QV

B6_I[)D:Z!X-!*XC))I
MJ]9*60=5.#'W9$K#Q?J/!D?XS+ DBM )#'M=R^99'9'Z:'4\FM!5D%+9%G1


P\AOJ(UU#U().:!+YK^


M!2
 +5G:?)H7#SY!:K&NRL:RP.6F4J9XX(I2IK12;_P-9R+Q .6K;-72+%55


$!R_

H@3B
M-NS1+A%L/6!.7NL_4$-^O0'Y+4.6V7%0!T=_3EI$J87:TJ%Q*G8%6.5]V!1H
M(\G
)@)?ERS)
MX

JTV2LAUF1.SL$+


)H8]=1GJXT.G$+[),J,!AZ#
MHFY#E&7I.Z^WSLL7!WO('H: ])F_13&*GJMQGE*XLF)D7H58A?(-'2CU&Q4

MZ2NX:9
MV53+\=C& )

?!0
'&1R&?(;@!(U*@K?8'P7XT&5L@#
NDCQ

UVZ/HE0%$\\68%#]3L69?H::*3I8AVK ;F^FN]#@:


C8\E;V51/K#HGW1#5T$
M7?&PVMYKJE#CH1M2\*T#4Y8
?7]UE?Z0'MCRA[JA3..
U+TCREDNOL:(NMW=



]/[?/#85P2AH(2FKMJG+YN9YQ6A_







M'(OP;H7CFLLNOIDDVTTXKB
-WP;5

-1PL2 ;1N(H
MMM4P:DR=^TF$XDGHNZR$)E7-^%LC=!]Y3T\HVAJ!=(Y*D;'X_:@WH$\SG);Y


(^#%
M=R-\YOS5
1 T

PK2:
M^6

M4$0%RKS=Z!#;BB/_

M$
P='W!R?)^8/NTZA:F)J7R$OB6K,_6]\OB(F3\)Y]!@&M==R\)M9!P'




MA6_6&IK

_?$7H#D7/

MN3\B.Y;K!(W#*C2Z!LAY4IR
*6-=TLSZ\7 =T=GNNQ=@5/ODVJ:AE-]9

MC7W(-*6IXI

LB:J667%U?#)Z[? ^V..SE \BCQB*]3L





MU&#(H[.O9]ZSYZ*@:K7:C#%@YP.@U@O!EH?RVS.]* RPKF%Y\\]GTZNNP^
MK+^K6=:%HE-DFU[LK(O+\NR7[!LQ/\R^&?0%HXFJR1MBH$N]-U+O
+
OB[J(

MT8-_@65:JF:DAZ )?EL1$2NC_'#_@OQGU)2F%0H))R9:.Q426Z:&OC
QL65$




S
M5
XPN%C'C-KBPH\0:K8NVY)B;0R9JKNQUKX(1J6JDB*KVI9067=?^+$^ V:3
M**LBLZY@J8#(R[ 0V1'TF]-)N*%ZHBXDE5K1YBMRU-0\AB)S5N&+7E]2B:
MPC-#MLI978HG16@QR

8=Y91O@4IH C:5IIR


M2AV ;_;?1#H:4573$NW!.##-I5^.$YH8P4( =V'IXL) ^NHFXKY^*$MP5H


-*# Z0 -*









RIH1;I
?


]\UV7^(H?9M



MYM.Z=7E!C_R(O4^!Y__M0Q+-



MS=1

MMJDNZ%*%N4
S@BE

6CD*#2P[(EP]3




M)==C[+LV$@Z;LU@

W#MJO'S@Q^3&\Q58D/P



M3


67QK2)4E2[9V



$O5\DT]Y'];;!B*4A:-JI&IJ\#?W(V$:[T2:&U
#*LR13
M;QK6XE(#K
2R]9?=]:97ORN;;H;$-]W2*V?NHIUUS6?\NVXK*1TRSAVD[-J
M2((DNU;8,0WV[L,EFW&+1FFGIQ%)

MIM&




MG!9R01!MKO0T[@K071*@Z\
C#)OB8*$S?9!ZH2/58%PZUM6]6QW#CX]E?=
MU/D::N/FP@=+I_6%;[7K_L) 
=G2Y+? 4MU*H&K7_P6RF9JEVUMHJK9YPG5T

M\



M5EK/&)0P6E;$PKE@%0S;49@A\PUAZ YL3HZ:8+J-8LF[ YM3TR*8+K

M5Y(@]2UPP:H)$LQ$^+_QOV(/_X5V!W^*$.'C%I?Q.E]/9]6(*T'1.?P\IFG4






MI\JG?B:_W5W^KW.ZU
_WY_]]/SR^NOR
GE^1[X[S[[V4_[=K@FSB?VCQ#&D18#'^AD$+-0#OZK\MW_.OJO



1
M1QJE#


\2_L

MP$%XBP?X7SZ


J'MX-)B6
ME$*
E0)(OUF$IMY\2O\VQROG?XGF4PSPR\2+OZ/7HX'O_3%'\PC_Z3ETOSM8
M^4&G ]\A;T:(W-T.@C 8.OXHG(!7B04B]FE!;
^BT)V/B
% X/H6$/U&_%2B

M0FI+*I0Q@N$\@8L  /L$1=



M8.(DB1-\&IPX$3;-4D3P5T[3DPER
D*.^SI

M+B
@0;KR$OFZ\

MLVGZ L8;\\3$B:DC3Z@.8EXU!J P8DKVXJ/W6$F0G:



K*I_B

M!/F&353

;YT&#-^KFSQ $\K$
'WL^1'8+:4J^])%^E806P&^G\81+




47V14\70BAF'DA30DX(@D!B(926






M/PMB+KVY \GU@LU/- S'8\S5/GI&/@E+.U@UN7-FY?QU4G/LC)(YUF#81YWF
GZ9A3+Q99O/BG_ V!.$4<A(3;/_&F98984V()6B$<;I(M2$)

5FCZ^K^Q2
A-R^PA
M_#/(IQG^C03J
S$T^/


A))LLC]?7)]08




6T]N%H\#CWO^-=@9H.%UN)



JZ8L0NC^$!6E?D8)UHPZ(5

#5]60



M]4:]&]X+W/T7N+]N2N!^QN;?V3#DPI4$'10^P['G;KP;&OE\7YFQ%*K\OS
M)


MI)!#XP
)RK



M.$





MM1$!)2(;8L0 ^&Y6&L$VB\%
@1EVC) ,%_QGK&IT\#K%)R%\HL.?F^45/@H
M3X@@]39$EE)]2;(OZ.W84Q2^)).C/+1(+@V/!C$BC=69.;\%P0[ R:ICM 2
M&_

+RI2ARP=O$3$ N-1D6GBMH


F?-F8**@(HD:8UBQ=P20W7D#
/*:7IX78**^_2&X
!O8/LQ-);HS+



PAAJ\!F6]BK%R?.;9_%7E;;


9D)RF11%))^
M3*
=6





:3]-$#




Q^1SQPQ

H.@&Q1
+7%!9(F2$MIE\@B#'P$58LU$R&





=S1<XV9CNJ-T
MZ5A

Q3
M-%?UL1::6XA%4T)*YGP4\D+5-%2A'Q?L$S_L+DMF8OZG Z7K$^TR;Z&6
KWD%P]Y.BUT $NARY8<ID4BJ7JEN4<@R8NK[EH8
M

MFKW(MMVAN_



MSZ=-8$G;V8@$Z&M%?]KQA 9O/






MI!A57-



M9[O#5J=9T9!WT7ZO+LN5X]N7DW5A2B(&F28/U[]#5R$U&@MQ\()41]RLV[2H



%YO

M$JBDNV_DER'
]KXL7&MR874^G?GA*T*#.^QCHR%M7GKCO!+15RBSS'*.28_K
M

(Z
M$8@0$@2=/ G]=')(
92Q-$-NY



JY;*!H_8YHUI4[-4
MSV
S@4XPW)O4N&$6R=A&/'2?8O?XS%^@1ZS3\0$0'7OE:'!%YAW6\#0J)7!'

7^=3:S U5AW3TI(.]:)TL_A-^.KW6(:8JZ=2.
MF.R*E _+-;^D
0?F5)_.8Z0M[


&&[^-

M!VL:IH*Y%JW+8E@SW6S88$RDB)J^.7K

M5!I&S 




9DWG1J13%8&+I


8:@1:07_;77V85(- K(0!
MJGNN=V0)JC(KL[*R\A5-! C:
Y,-[#GAG[4,Q1/I,2R*SJ^=AL.MI8L?]X 


VHUC_H S(B68WGF2D\KFT_+\YCHP9CW<AA<?F)&![^!'KA$;[UD_-

MQR9Q%H#C

*48E]).7TNC

M:9C G/[HSS[&0/[S']/@]





 M&


MXZ$4IE%@Y(7XM

M6;9:%
%EB\M6M40V=K9\#=:VN6?5[H=)5





4Y1-LPZPMW:-94


M5J[%$@W#$$U)V3.


3Y5YYB\*.UI23:IY4
MJM@#4BF]'B=5W4D%NTI6Q)Y2U@Y1




M^_S[W=7-Q?DM?:YQ]?089


698R_






[SBNT*P73NE2.:.M*;

O'NXF).04)H$\(LP]FB[









TXQ'^-^4X4%5EA3'599MT@C<FDGA9O/F_IG &
M









68J.
/4ZKKG




M0%1

X=0]HK!(0&#N8
)M0@BUNH80

.#Z=I+&!Y


%V+Q#=WKS9DO7A$054DY
%T/)B.!]
=5H?@
MP73UI@\/IFNE+.?:7D/6BP?3-3!:BP?3U9H\30FF:T'DU
MOG!#RWVP8=!^$)JBLWK=8V]JK1\6S=O^;:O5U>?_[RXO!3ZWS\+%]_O^M^_
M7GRZ/!?ZM[?G=[?TU

5GR8Q=JG;^0&
M\6XEH\.:&+*HE[;='AFK'VJY#A?\?.U[V ]*&)(GXGC4QME&PLJF+BJ2P7=!
MKL7JRJ*JE&URVP2!?VV%.:*7&TF\7D_;0C4]

4LJRJ8
MV1I[?FC_EP<SEYLAJ@:BJB;M0B6Y?19M
R)AJR*AE$^(9X??C44YCR8N2'K
MM7


M0Y0T4U2EZIB($ZAB G5-5524LG[








MTQRSX]:'0E/-@SQUK:V4Y:EK/'6-IZ[5R
9^\!0KOJX-\5TL7'I;G;K&6]+4
M?K%XZEH5M.








M5V)(WYX;FKP






M=4A]IRA*9W.NAI



PV.29032P');9

-
M%I.?*A:3%Z[PF0S(^!ZVLR))/9$&=MA!




-@ -!



MBXDSIN6NX[D/I\Q=9UOWD60^I+C;K:;89F&8N=3$IHK_)='_EZ2; 4H+/V4D
M7/+D#282K!H&/3MSO^U(_#8

M



EEZ- *#&]-

M^[_(E-$C0!54_.B:G8!JC=]=^[!UV'5[XL!M6^V RB *)_?LY\L+.
A2/^L=


M R=


MPJ]
5

M'D-I=LL.'BV?/'H.'N)91A!1ROX4SD'FND.?/





76EJ2

PM:_&=:+;+PQLPNS)'.

M/7

748%ZLE9

M'!81L&0M5C$5PVT=


EDY\;T#(

MV;Y2(Z*12B)&B! 'P'O^+]B&9N
]_@]Z+W^Q7KU!%^]Y[)O(E_X1(1CV11


MNM0L P3VJN-1-VRL^
G4;QM'FI'1B$7-LOM61/F5&Y@*[67S6_-J6G8JQEYP
MU






F2UF.%1#X
MG@EC& B;?.'-
S@=T+PJD
[2(6[3@B]U=!KS-0'G9I$
M.(ZMGP2?A8GOIPQUS
_ EDCTR 3
(BS3JQ.)B62CS9AYM6:':688?\ERT)BA



M1EH6:[LY)VE38SJ?A:B^[8H]618UJ1M!))I&5]3T[CQ Z$[S0@P!0VTHG;NP


]!EMEO53O;(4&/5










M.I2/&+R^&/KQY#G3

M 6
Z=D#'\4$'\/ 3C7/U+=QA[W$

%
DQK 
\VWNEX28HHP\'A(S




?&R-DZ\)5NQ

_S39TX=Z]6;AA]&]@L9?LQER&=;+?DTC#_](_W1GWV
@?SG/Z;!

ME-

MVL

^
^LY;J^]QGML?+
M9M


M#Z[]7Y*45XS+K06/A( @!EB?XE+^


O:FIX-_ .90=


:^/
MM2R8H@TW91:ED I)D*76G:LYM C909-'-VQ7(=9#MIAHQ/RWV0/8:SC,3)



-)FY5SNJ+UWPJD@=TSF
UY9%FDW:_B.\T -



M-?:X]1E:W:)81
Z8&3)7L_W5SB6O


MM_MQTOVZ0$V$AJUMC4$[.-FQAE1CR;['6B.J7KP(A]21Y%2#6@&^4/+FZS:R
M[

M(LGS#D.%JS]E]&Q)


P 4#YXOZ8KX;P5#@K*['

46X
(

7TKX<$R<L+^U T-%'N2:*DEXV/

M%PL&&/[HFMTWO\T1]EO_YNL%
(0$GE-7E@9)59!29BKM22R+T3A%BLN9OX


&C /J%@

M'(0M3


P#DZ[(JVP6M__:FF7OJ*;8UPIMJ_.CE^1=Z


M=[





/G-W5_W4W_^VW_[.[BZOLM?6V:T/E^Z1ZJ /',;_?AD%L


MVJD
 !D'

M:B:G%V\F%Y
.V-CU!


3-NK [2

AJ5@8



47R^1IJR*'C3\-0;G4[@.D]@ (81YXC0E9MCS124/E\M1'7KV?FQ$^
M?/
[
('IZ$&D7Z?9EFG3LWT$APRJUD!W:LF!76A35)G&-IW *HTPV=H
MO08IIH-Y; #HV;?#$-!TO1#FZ&Q61N8[ &?W#3U )Y8-!Z2IBVH/G@8=01<U
M0X]T!$D3#:T[?VRR_1T^VBE!0?$-@,]AHS[ 6CU:L!?N:7)[&Q](YP6\3U
M0U@-O*%8=-]$-#_D%2+' 1LICDJUBX_:W=^UI[5X:Q-W^SA;Y_8X_NI#[OF

GN



M^.(#847A6^=S!]0K+X;S[-&R_;'%C#YP4@ 5)TC&E)6+C5ESX5JD4[OEV _N


MJK8SUYH8FF8MIO9J+0MFS@0S,]T:YGG%(#^]&$:,)D0720V0?,$FJ,W19,=
MCK86@O9[POX^^9=A3-'XY=I ]^@Z-L/!W?P&);SK7UB@0.X)ZFM [C?MP






&-



Z=AEZ6 X5RHV!$8)

M(5+H7!Q$S[(@@%LX]1^!X84_;?@-&?1V8ONX^3!CAX#/A19.-?(&MNP(3 [
MB_*_34-3&6_C-L(PU,G$]U[LL172JA5[FCO1$'I=8QW=&SXHO=N+JXH$P3E



M_S

X8NU:TP


XW_Z-SVXFA'T$POT



N').E^_N5HHM!Z$4ZB




6O
.N%6F%^S91N!?S*'C$1U-1; TB
MAZ/5

KQK
XT/L7$-

8]
MC&F]='-7O$
478!
7%=.FO#
X8( E;HZ=Q6Q)P
_;7'K. 2A#MU'M6W=7$VC

M5#6QU\U;K(V+C^-A#E.KV









.RVIL[V&RXOG[ &@DB6_1%TQ1%.OKAELRY+;


<F*(!EQ]5




)97_6??

4^SUJDM=;J'
X'Y[+DOJQSUE5Z3Q(U66O8.=Q:)JDE

7W6K/IQVG5'%H=AP=C=Y%



?4'#P_D!Y
M]U17[/5
45+YGJK_GNIUNGQ/-6)/=345_O&&D+7?4ZI6XSVU6POQ#I39/Q_M








E;LKN(E@7R:




MTKA!2M4_SR^^_GZ'\SG#@X!6Q!\Y(&Y(_&60(^5A7/?7-[)6% VA'\PP\4:S

MC=%YK


KJFIY6^K^UKJ1

]#!\_L(01^LRI8[UZT_##




 BP=. MF^38/'=



M2CU14JIK&]5607%\S&%V*U:UN/AH&8=HDFBJFMCK\E(?G#D6Q(=6L8F%E__8
M];A'YSDCMWFT(H'432;?IQ6S:$5WVO-IA^G57-HU8 I;:5Y.'=ZXNZ9GGW

M@9M^FD
K;F9M-OTXK9I#*[[7FDT_3JOFT.KH7!H9WX6TI)#1EE6








 2I;\$G7%$$V]
MNF:P+4MN;W?1G&IU<E[]HGT0A6[/3A:S+)J3.L%Q/'Q1






MS_Z1YO$^W%N_05+4T3
+
D
Q3+'7JRYUN84R@_OMN2RI$[/44Y;H/4G49*UA
J-IM^G%;-H17?:\VF'Z=5<VAU
M'!Z


QTWG#?WULM$-K%'@*CK95U@7'SL37PHW8Y\
M0



#JV$[A_1-
[HFR9HA2



M6WHG;V%XOK?J0#!




NEP[%#FM%J4%









M;?O6O_EZ 2C[_#OA0W(GA?FQA/9%Z)P2WQ[%&^FO04_!CD/R\^W_V.PTKO

ME_##0:P+2^


M?C##Q!O-/G^S_

6AUH/HV
MD9XUE$J[-D;GL3I7T .\'P0D#'C/;^[YJATBG%;-0833JCF(M)Y6!Z_K\%&(

0LA'L_SX:O4RJ29HBZU!4ELVP%5IZGUE[FZ&E;Z#0\
MH[5EW*#)8@\O

L2 J]-P)\3Q]E1OZVH!B:Q#AM&H.(IQ6S4&D];2J





ML?0M<-($]
M]KOE#AWX;]\=4F;K4=WW)D7A&7V0'?]BG=575-32YX/CDJAUU+0S_.+L1YZ
MW= T0SXH]&H*^GG&,==+YM&SS2WAKX_?(@G@-XX?QE0MR E.2WGH6[W4E



R?EL/]E#
MX@[QM!I0:UH6T5Z*-KT?JD0_;XNHGD
?*P#R(CE154/BLR6*7]@':NN/V9XD

M*J:O\GY80I7L\O4Q^&!(Z![_8+_@I*+I6ZX] 65:Z1NJZL'+&*D;6S)Y






M


2@Q23#-1UVLF74U15'4KI)9I)L6'*:::J.M5DZZDZ(:Y#5;+
M-)



M

PG0SL$(&P'PRBM%QS@D^?[
MWC


4KQL]$6-6%M_CJN:+J4=N45 +DF[ @3;
MX(1635F5B_/? MSA(_'A&N-/R?#2MNX1:;A+?8?+P48IIO_X.IA\]\+
I0?O

?'M?6P+9-(W.0GTS$;;!/&JFRM&L!2;(I3


T.%F
UW7G51A%


(VC-O/+9I



M RT2+'$QKD8QP9)S-LIEF]SD^E47^(8:3NSOG12+-$GYZ)L=3]0LC
=AYL
M/LBS7+'M =


$E.D4TDY35MIE@&RX?;+(MFI%



-AD.



:.%-#

MI/6/@







CO.8Z3JXM!Y1-

]-)
M)4AN



]5C\L!1*?3KN&-#Z1L9


M!
ABR.!HJQ4V:]A/^?_LO6MSXT:R(/I](^Y_P.VUU^T(B /PS=;.1+#5ZA[-








;A


M@?'R63



M]B19XOK2K3[K5W38LRUOUGOL

L\F1R32SD+!#*:MZ<9XT2]36'EMZ


M(HXJ1


;P/6+1?$#.FJF6(.EZ3#BI8_=86G L6MH;\5!+:'9-['$Z-)O^)7U


-CWA&%7?[^T2UFE3@



YI4ES[!/U*8L=


M NG9;]U
&*R9

9KU0?JH@3EC
MD1@E NQ

YSG3XU'+!6[V=@0+Y&!%^%T/*FNY/57_Q@=A.-
ML%-55KWBNN:'8]EFABHBIFMMH6FHU+=YJ[
.@SL?Z6:9
9_S.4?$\S#5BB




B3]%](+/(.!^M'J




M8L@YX[XPOTKL





M5#+39H
)Q^$^N

A





PU)L$6Q\YS0(7G&%:&8L@G@
_(0W!^TY5@3$

G

M=.2N

6
/\  76*R@=E&-36-YPBXO BU+C[[Y!W %BUOK
M8+ _X4T71WO!0TW@LF:ZTGN  A0XFN_:(S/A7]#
?[CB;'7A@H8%AO^A/055












M!V@ON-&FR^
4F(KT9$4'%1BB0#LVBJ^#(U1%&4%+#Q3GH8A9E0B$1O25F8








M?[O_?'
'GJ(%RBI-

(
M

%S?7-^!W


M
H
R\$2H=##UZ*H

%S;R97MO6TS5N
&PK&8UZ3^2J0F[HAP:1'TJ4L<3


M)ND-Z5ZDO
-6]D\@'?K6F+&S_1;45 %H=J
][4;7N]J-@L5!2F4FED?VMI/
M!:2+DB[/A8M:4*%7/W4H#?G
L!)Y)+V,9GAK.$*7;\4B)J/SL9[0!UNBZE
MD+2LR\34E

UM&M*




M$E4NHX( %]R.AG=N V-;






@TM1

3#^QQ^!NEO=Z
MSR980!\,JF7_=Q2_3T055MVXWSU[3

J&)\#TG0;K4$58L0
M5!UT%65PH@3M5$O0]GJ#M6V,NCW]DC/,,!S^5V;BY3-6P;J@I@+!C8CUSO



P=;;6M5&V!=X$%N_\-ON&:T95QR1
M56J.]=:;8YU.JJK#A _'&V31ENEM.VOIVV[U^Z=+FV3605TG90@+;]-A)W




JZ?)9
QSL=
MNIN$]]:NHG^2&
MK59&BEI75[


8;(#-C

MO(M&QV9X]A.6)::+)71N- ''R8^ZB26A#8Z9
@F63/9]9*;!GH-+E!X=CE&%


M/5I8TQMP6 +FP7
:ESX





M7E'42SKMBUVJ'O5H#'LS:2;700*NJ*@X&YR+X.F]_2U0;'?C;T*%







M-$R-5+#W:;KWH8O.FV
\\S!=/ 68


$$







CW5%:G 3C@H\^!W5U]N_H_G6$
M(:9


S@.\@(#[0/*9XRKZ8+:+EQ9

8=?


:0[$L+N.]#.VTL;.'+R3+.!K


F9YC5@Z!T,/?.E^[
M#9W+TKF,3HB
JO*UW9#Z/*$+FZP]A0





A^\4ND.U*QQTSI$B9G

J[ZW0L(21N@@

M=;-H7UK:E&1-K(F[QR:_N%.?R3




EC/=A


M\A=&A5HN#OKM0179O/4E8+(.;Y'JPRDZ%KA=U






(Z+F(1)D(N%8S\S
M'7ATY;H^=0O=/0W;!0Y'NX/^JN*A6R*8IAPVB)R #M:SN20Z


@O

M[


K



M5X-^\0)?/47P=BO
XC0*PKD!(N$M@AP_&3ZWJT._6^021;\'.EAHX)4@9^%U
MSR:^8WBP$B\TTV3ZQ]?8:]&Y\OZP+7+3(0O;@H@DU'9H/T3$X@%3OGGM#^DB


W!FH[4[VSI.Z



GNEQRD/4YRH;7J UU]_S *6
MP-L-#]:%39B?W?YM\%4=5)'D?K2N:UW8L=:'JZ1$^Y';''7AUB#/.ZS#9I21









O%

9IK+0#3G


M?*F)+HJ7O]RE*#)2E$[\+M\;($A^90

MN4+2&75'\?RC-T&2_





M.
.5-




M%F




M)[QL5=.5L
U6L;%KEKE2PFL !2F5
?O^W:H#^%+5:]M



_ZJR/(KFHG6;)5! *^MR(JR:73J



.3.U5UC+'Z;&=Z:?%ZK<QC58^$D//OTM_M&)/@80
MQWI ;EUU
1/WW 8EI:T/-MYS:M8GZXV.<BML]GK=M5N1_3<

MV![5D C)3E3;$J&=2X01R'RG5R$1QB:H.BQ
GJTEL:6PY:[JOIQ7S5W-KSW=

B]A_YCP^M8A

^:/O@
J]J/F.!M'J!I;DG
MS/$TPY(8EP97
JR)[SA


M)\4!E4+

Z4?!C(8



\T)1 +LOV@(3!D
/?PQ*GD=P/SE@@N#@

MQ3KCS.5=9CP#%'=RY



]U;F?%&O)ER'G[]W8W

MOFZI&0II^?A(
5UTS\ 



R/8SZW_N/)D*9DHQAS-@;
1T0#_+9?C8*_IC:)A+[P?*CS^+HXF5P
51


M O;8@1^'W:ZH2Q


WOW
HW&Q2-X=

M_Q??F]H+6$/P/NV3CRA(TCO-.X.YSN::\P?SW@%$X
\1YUUX=@K;.(6B[WR3



M'2$%+A@:4

)
+T21V




L:SNQ2?


7]H(GMFWJ%GI 0XNU=GSX8.G.P(@#31D=5(Y'(



Q[)7%#

MY/

MSZ6Q%#N+DZ*IZ


MC8DAW*I$S&A&?H9!CTA8';G1V^S*$164QTL9
'
#23G#)WQICG-GJE KUR

M %%FSAP0X+%EU!$X/BSB1PSFAHB ITZ(M*3;E.65!:!



(EB!@]WXV_WGV_NOGX T\1BJ?H2
MA


TPK.0.WPOZ#G?$K\_@[)W&:LN&2BI;-#UU^'H$BOLP(


]3ZBKBL
APP_=EM)^ZOBF M& [$^B]TA#D4&S
Z0Z-_LF#8F

M^\.+_3S?1?D\6%F@9B%E[+7H!MU/@[HJ[.H&;HCB\K69@




8HR:I



$1W @0JTP+D +@K-)/(D*:% SR1UK47N2%8&2.L-


OM' \\B-_'.R Q.(0Y

)+[JC\_F @J^U!  21
M:*C(@]XP_JPF1
7

M4]$P$BFA!
T-M]%FU8(9^
T]0$6WN!<N*P-)@0CXFBC2ZH+RU'3A#$=G
M'RS[Q=$6YZ7#264K@F?
N;::]K[@B-?YGE#2]SOD&3QD8;6LMTR:NL#1L*@

MJ7.LC

N







ML!N5T&L-1D= AEU&^'?%N
;_/AX43P:1AE?'@TC#J^-!I.'5\2#2\.IX$#EY








.KXT&DX=7Q('+RO-I3\?MJ

MFO8+^0:4#^7Z\[GF&'_!H-K$



M\&45(1

M!V=.LU!.?*$TIG:S4AJSHY&11IM6H4WOV)R?Y!T[J0[.GF:IG/A2.1$+O290


3D4NWGEF7@K4U;N&'&\=8P)
*<H1H-TPM_3L[6UJKS:<K3%GFV6[4RPW
MOC*_#4]AHVLW##TAAK8[/;G;V;RN\:XI77GEK_*V7KN?LO6ZZW3:OH5N__M
MV1D'\J WD-6-6Y?O#




M8PEMH \&C=X^!CXIK=&P;L@U7&I6TW'RJ=_J-#'5VG/IV*V@G06!!FG39]B8


W\_LV8:V#2UI-O^H\GJ8O2OAFFS





=B
:RVB':G.2XT
M:\)
/$!U)/9]83B-%BD]XWMUGSKDYX8_^W-&CMC:V#+@4Q;S_U(IR9FSO4



M%)L#M?WOB4=ZXM*6^^WV5@WMF@.U&K-7;?4WKR3='*@U!VI[NHS6;BZCU9@_







N;\_ENX269JV8V71M&/]/


 L
MCU
3
;

F* @' ;0#_@TAX^\





M


2&FXV
9P2^Y












D#C&X48J2#F]RP

ZI((QFHJDPJC.WZGZVC(5A
P#LZ]6^9$0 M6
M'@





0Q1/!I&3Y]51WH+:X;E/</.IZ 6:QK#:


MOROJ[YCU\& KG=\[]+G_3C+TO[_[K$T\0_]=53O#=_](\3+5BJAX#R!IG6AL


27.QI:X;]$^+

H 9O^X@#

M(FN7NH)^ E[.'^&#VN-6;K(E)0PV\1T'YC5?)88](C4OP!UG??(-'9N#(I-T

T+%A8^


R

M'K;I76@XZ'/0/#/JG1D0.=(Y(9W=@(7
\31X;.'@SH'X([-T@W8T[5DS3-0X
M)ZULZZ2(CD1?9AF#A=\&9?LOS2JD:U59^ARR\




M;#%
E-0J7WFG4;U8 3G1JH!\H1O\(]

MGDVF#^ZM#@





MPY4#VAWU(RV10?!^#H#/0%+0NCL.0+PE_@+_2;2)L+5X8.YZ&%I8L4%ZI:/
M&*CH#)KB6C0G/M\F80!C*4HTTW0@^R
J+M
1L\%=@*P3C@N.@S0B@L0;+&N
M'7$7GX]M] (\8!7^10XIP8





M-#32%
\K%IH1AM]

DBIOS8!40.24:^)X?/


.+^]@ T!
IJ+,-G74^XIP)*=X]54Z<E&JQ@ =IGS3)8^XA5@
M22$B*]CNQ4$Y;6INH$]<0Q?RC&]&H1T!&YY?3KBB?A1?FMSZ8-]%@(7O9'CF
MNP3,VAVPU.'SX*3UPO%DA99-XTRG@=Y/9F;FNQF&N6.QK-+[SUXZ8;8XHY1

M%#'*6^9P:%^S!QA_-]QT+NJHKKFHB3PEH9*SM#6_YUI864N::3Q9?W\77C;8
4<F(&QT7-]?7X]M[@&HR&H+EY6!I(!26I/F^_^S







MKA-*+ NQ+
2R$
M+ NQ+(2[)Q9P:^7RP LXN^FDZY02ZT*L[$NQ+H0ZT*L



MRI




M6W=

 :8TT!3)4OB).!PV



4:&U,-;=8?@;;+W\.^)[3CIW_GX8?[)
MR3[]5/X8%A\S('_^*8DN[FU[\OIF^$=Q*.?1^P&YM_LB#IO@O&$^I$=NX%_








MJ%
PN

M90N1;#
!76*/]($\&








M\!S$T+'S!A+Q:=.\? M8MW;[F.5#*X:D*YHD;W[^C&N^5U2W))T#:@NXKO
MB^*FI





@O2!]R\.T]NRDLMB-1VVO,9PQXU25Q0/Q*FU(





MOE.DWYE!G Y=U9Y^L)1UTT]1Z3;4AHR9@^9^DA-L

M(+T@?:=(?WHYZPD-TSPU87?.2^0.;XJ7A(2V'8TNPBQ(+T@O2-\ITA^P\/J0

M$E-'A.^M1Z.+


M+L(L2](WQW[V*9$05;O)E(%[7(M1:K@Q/@M4@4GQ6^1*C@Q?IN2AOR6N]N
MYB?F!90'RJ!Z\_'=U=?7X.P\I!._O_KC^N._7M^Z8XBU/]$G\C48V_[EM$OR

I48Q(TSQ#?L3Y\O_6-VXL5LK
M6LSQM3AZ9 )Z9.AT9+VIOB/6VTD*Z)&ATY'UIH7;6&\=8WC'P!7+[6B66S]^

R]!9X=4(V

5FS;DB*0-9Z@_T7;I@VX7Y


Z2MD3
M6101UYS



78M%
1$BQD.)V
M2K'8 A*AY\F

M]':T(_

MIS;NL5#^:


M2)=TR#R\E98?N)^;J%'^F
N3^H<WE&AM3S
MHHD]=/U[]A[^/;$=)_T['S_

0V]

M]-M UKYI[+-Q1EP')






?E\:R
+CJ&2B-]8C
M^DOR)O ?:1B[&
?X+)M[_JYI;J4&J%9M'^Q%M'=^N:@B&:8NR6L+?ZWP'&*W





M?$N68&ZA9!Q

/
3?DPB\@H@=

MHXMECC2*
S&Z.O!#B;LR@ZS
;D7J&T;*;2PE6


MZV9?I%OKJ#$^!)$'?/ROB+S[
.D*0/
(6ZNJ#(JY


M


Q_
*=VO^F7NP.27X^





0I.K

?7OYK_B=A.C5NXC:!H+CQT.]-1^I51



MT02IBA\ ^5QSCRC#3NZ9^DMVR3BE-,WDX.I.?A8LY*(Z0P00(@P?KN^?7M%
M8CN\IR(=GIRCRGY41(RJ:[1
D0V9;LLAFE&  D7(G52G
A\?%S QE%OF
MT*42AQ Q2!A:V!/2]RD;ENL!OAQ O;O4B1G\)BU)FW2NMTQ#G74SUG4S%94
M#GX2=($\SP;UD7M)T6MR[KX7^0KQ; K;9U1DDDV
Z[$3#L&\-@0':A
A\R
M4%:

#/#(84E_

M2


/8*8&P&V,=1OQ10)@QS:)LA_/XRP-ZG1
^
:<'<Z?D_ ]\

M9D=] D9G$2?@;Q:_Y
3BE$*+A8*0(QED2/Y.?= .OU$P0C'\WP*2
HL])1X5


M+;)P[ZEB/27B\'T99BW3E(;)IM 6QF1SQJM&6A5I;RC':?JWB56Y)'ZZA5;6

MN6!/IYR8
C3A/R2
M[O

MX%



0M0T1ZFE$HXSH8%^ S\QI9!&A7?AU*-!LT?*]I%2\Y_K(
M+/3
 ]3

E';=_/:TFU:=BHL7F!J@
M=81&/-NBKDZ?5D/7XU(NVX[GPA/J8Z3



E
O]RM2.E/EI%]DD?%3#G% IN6+?063&*X
84XNT
MSL+*&.8X@?YY (J#_T+Q

MOH/^\UW&VY!.8 )X*+/2@
43.R;&W'?FYX&^C2_NV)R%+N5GK(#!=UP9PT 0


$H)/35



IRS#C
MSMOLK[/5_











B(L/432\[:J8/-E


F\Y

M_7@
O&1

#TW8N.$
MX 

S\






MLO9-8Y^-







/?=O!-E


.:=
^;B0K0.&_]MWX^S7JR?GR[



MG(D-*ZT/:G+ ;&.2;T!CD_Z$%66$Z1D@ME



M\ZDY?.FD:
2P0XY3.KJ

Y 07P2TPNFFU_[P5-H
M3W*@
W-YY]G#[T0!.

GO0BQ'_KW=X;RY.YCFKFB'R+\RS%B3F 5OQ
M-]-RQ9^@[AH:QSK\OER]?7O]Z4..H#+9!@H+Y*
Y:*N0?LBT:!WD*&4PKO_+
[50M)].*+&FJNK:]WA^7NJ!6





MPH.B_;K2_


MZJ?GNMR8-9O&![!O)#;+3N[ QKEVZ+(63B1MN 1+J525C7U'[E
KF#9!]-.^

M





M =I(
(W# ]I
.
W# ]I

MM!P4I0%.ABQKBC5H 4Z-5HZB-L))


'+U  OV=H:7D7[S?_)[L1XGP5%USY+


Y@L\@Y3VK[G71(QII@]O%U/\WVO



M.1










M3VB8YJD)NV1=(G=VY XE(:%M1Z.+



MMBE1D-6[B51!NUQ+D2HX
7Z+5

M5RN%LV^]7.ZXUM-SFD2K+ZLELD'!&W)70H=!KVL1(84KS=J@(Z\/7S@R5'@
MQW/BV\L%B[16\!P41P&_CU3J5'




M-&Z#WM8JKQ8A03;LVG;14)1I(&E2LI@T$6&D'9GZ!HDF8IDBGWA: (05DD






2W@(SZPCGMFY


ME
4%Y4]MW&.A_!%;QOK*
M&X<Q9:0R-G


;]U@HO_68:E4PO1WMR/Q%D1O4



%
C&U


MQQ$\'H+^^ $SN3[[-G1@^5+RY

MC#R'#R2D_YNXF-:
8;:0#H-[WT450((1SD/NJ$]'+DP
\](?$^I'E


;\1\^U
M[UP/IJ91C[RE
%Q('39 _4




E=P8*MQWH&&

(DE'R'I+





M
+:?T7JQ%X'XH.WPJ9+?


&G)1T$]
 H\



-F0_C@A)79\!\SYW6CM+GN'ES




E@+?Q!E\Q.SYC@YR8!].[]Y+6M9HVEE+6^9/6M

M$

M?VX?#]UZ.8/2#/QOV/6UV#TUO\^@: B.=_JA^]J0I.F\:H-IM\*NS-=L
N&Y

(+SNE
QKO4'GY47M&9W'X1R%

M2F3=RK?S*V7C .NE1S S?L1GA_S(


@Q.IZFSCI 5)^\7BV 9(7U$?#T+V#7_.]$EYF_[^)
M&[+B_-CV[UTL




W6$:
MB\E53





PN:/$TBVKQ2NB)9;D)@X@/+VS


G
MRK+VNG))_NS=S.Y

4%U2]


#]5ME*[





VV[/=1.7B]3339J$A8466+!-(?:!*NM[T



F^1=:#CSJ-$[


?&5JC!V!VR[^Z ;CZ-&!$=E@F-
1X3?#U-JE&FC.KU@5[/:D0N 9;S.^%4<
M00*UVR)D 2,#_%#2&G:QI7=NCZUDJ9%-CN





)/:(TQ

92/\(X;@=^XIKS%
MN?*AF.6'/[[2T2]G7^3^-UGYAD)R&\C:-XU]-LZ(Z_QR]AX[N#G?%%49G/TZ


YJF5)BMF*I;-/M^O8DK:6JDEZWQ0.Q:*4




_!B')=C.%;M8#^.T9VS:DY+UJ ;WM2%)TWG5!M-NA5V9
MK]EDPG.MWY/EING
!;






MT;-6




[CT_







[0J]VV
3T=--&




M6=.QE1J%L7YC/_\_%Q?O@R#^%


DNMOHUM?^
@S+[T[#OJL6^_*6?DIQ3B

$(:10DX9!.P?'^$X#QZXWM94V)L5G6FR!B



M6E/IT.9+QX;8:OO#MM\4V_[.L.WO#UN]*;;ZSK#5]X:MHC1FKK$S=(T]HMN8
MN^;.T#7WAJXZ:&S&K':8

M(#VP-'ABV8_


6A]X2P)@\:

:]5BGV Q6


247

MOGKS'MGV)B#793[!UP638.0H 0V':I_O8:8*!D#E#)7P:[8VN9JAR(\*A[ ;


MN'*T@


&
DI#'(!4X88*$
M][G
_*A1@JY*RIWL#DCT%G 1



8T:8K077DC)
P_

#70-Q1*)CVSQQ0
MA_/URP.:Y@D?0)_]-[VX'$(BD.0NXC5#B@T8




7$)Q_
M\I\^A %X3Q]CA_%B'(1
X?L0O2SD -Y6CLY=3BA.)52M*  YDD&&Y._4!TWP


M7):;9





.1&UC$_(I *4ONWQ6Y-J:#%/F#AN

A@84GFFID8&T*A:J0VI.)YPY91C-=]PO11-*9.-^2(F+Z=)P

_=$

?

M/W?Q
KU3-[\];0:K4W'Q FT)M([0#F4Y_NKTW'K/P245WXIA1U@PL8YA&M*W
M1
2%;%_@DH?Y=:(!5I*XL(9  KWG=/L*K%A:OXAJD#NU80A2%/9PP52F7]F$
WAPF7/[X)
M#F$M6^;S
PBY.EJD GKD?:D =$[]9QG1U


N#)#X

9I-


M7.HAL&9L^\XJD)F:@-!YSP^+R6#@BSFLNMXQABSF&UDFBNLMC;!
VT6270
M6S6\6[J!!YZL[Z /=Y?Q-J3I%=E4K\G6 2@IMVL? &K!R_XY2:%[F2FC@#


M_
;V=\IJ'D/W+N%H8SF7'3T09AX!JQ3#
F52E9 OLD*0YWL7L!PB+)I 1CRG


TBBPIJB;I_:DS

E98R5TK 1*P+AT^5D0+.6;VYQ;R3+
MV#*%EYYV&-I9V4]=A%^F*QA)]%&*&J'OZNI'&&8<<
]^^ML.=:R[9/LF3WN
MGRR
W^!AC+QZ6=WK@O0EIL RJL^2@LEQ.LB#[4SO[



01L_L4.)G@7M4QHDOD\H9CA+Z

[A%H;_YN:@6!2





MK%QJYS(.%O5+\P!

BYYGWOF^0[9'


7)438J4WY'3)E7!0

MC[_29%4RQZ!)KEAEJCCR.U:J8
6+Y(K_27(#GN-I##EWI-:1ZX#T_L
&B&5O
M!R^$V[I@SDV@!M-?U]6COM-B :J&





H2WKALZ;1:HI[

MUEF[M6FZ]RZ+:

J7_)69'R;S^AA4IX'


$QW/ ]*D@
!


6?EWYB**0

E&4A.,X'1D#30
:2OX6

)U'TKF2UG?



MSGN-?*$ )PN
PR F2OU:S](Y4#.!9L0)3=ERG*0@)RZIH6A?BAX0:/MP@4






MV7FF)^3[74+&H*+&_:XPW]W.Y



8&0VGXTZWL2:5M#UP]DS$WCG@HD_A
9ZBUW0&HGJIIZDP_W\8

M1]V_M6 B+ZS_Z/ZA-YS(0$U#3:4?YHLPY@/BX7H*KP/08-L-!
_EQ
M;] 1CME#9PS325!J0$]7\-.


#N; (LN@9ZFPG1?

^0#-4C*;_
MF
TY6BV(6]@[6OY*3T=QRM\;W8T[#S_VNV#^P0FX;TR
F-!^ Z]X<=T%8PL;SI3#L--7_$FML1UM[


=V6TX.RS$FZ5




*#M

MS'F53T)(]O$D(

!)%A %K3E*RBH?=DZ
M:P-H9<6RTM*,I]@/@_1):UM4+?D#[+Z9LV?H!.(TGBCWP@102;;D[]:VB+V
MR,L0^+HVDFR^],?!6)+/.XAW]8D\VX^=7:%K,7'/SJ+HR[3&3_.O0;D(1


M7
3;S#27SWDNEU!?5T)MMM\=#


:+3$GKEF#[.8ZE*=M

YF*FR-
M=-4 :THF(F77/G
_IZ)!-X7^_3Y



?IU
8




MWQ9Y%+ 40G1F
[ \*!2Q$^(N$/=^&B!QV

MAWGP-:*?;4%? *1:-6 1?V+4-B]% 4LAQ$\1)8S;A+^(2#5[X@\+J(*LI&ZS


MC($J@P;B8U.9#1$//%ENDK=9V&)/#&&JV$R#0 *-98:E!)N)%+:8CE)09CN)

MH@!1;[H@/

KPP4!5C+/HS9VI
M?H]PQ*U9)-O%HX#]_




MY)E G5:?BJLAPZ&M

MZF.^CE\1YS!4@]XKC#82B+NKK.T;QQ*P7OO%K;YO WZ-#G4T091'N[+YTNZ9
M]%:+^T\%;J5W#J
S0/YHEOU4WN@)E#8.CWI4_ _:1&(L@-KSX?&'BN/_H1E7
MB'B)ER$NL1^%\R3NR5BVVUQ+]A/G(JK Q[!F//-7?ZAL.G0N7C^[([-K5)7
M$'U[0/\ZXB56?[#,.;#JTZPNQEYPR]E2=H_LA2OV#OT*V,I;8$37!]:E$PKR
M)%L8H#-0+#\@\RL)%ZF=R5*C(B]+7(


(7WSAHXVUZAE#5QK+LD]*V71NF

(<!EW*&J[)&SY331.38D.:#NYA@!O5XBN






M%(]SCV8B


M+D-&?\&!J%7Z*%
6(C_[7H0
ARS\A






ES_)-HM?+7
MFRBUQ9$-

N 1D3N7!6AIN)R)RRD%L


38P
M
S

M^U_G^F'2Z796J]4;EW



M!)L\NM[[]^_/Y;_RI@'Y$$CZ6]]!H3255JY.80OQ?]VD65?\U.V][5[VWCP'
M[AFW0:?S
_
]/


^8_2RM?7*[)OQO2
M)::ASP@.SCJR]?Q,.L@X+0PX\

:H)\]GUW13RO
D%







#*
M8R
Y:%0H%FM?AET2FN2UQP6,CM:[ .4IP)@B/J.XT=\@14O#_4@%1&TJ8B
CHO_\*O\MH]HCGFS
M_PS;G%E9 8]']^$
LP3T=$Q(X=\*&MBH&C0@E'($*4V V2#S3L(V SP%/-Y
MS)V@YY1Z7WSJZ=W+6D[
-/KD8_?#Q#P4Y[H%D)G= X
 S6K (]2+\#;H7T-
MA]3Q(I$_-?*9-'\8









M





[$2 5QL!<*]/


'GM:FNE^^G?$./[/B7J&KH3



LR;%:S8
MG(A[V!DEWTM^!.$E#S/$\!7B!A 1;S[8Z7:#100G@GR1^OD8_W2 #
8Q%F]?

MFAGYD?NG3&*8CP@AO-]%081%DN8_G1*/()DT*L-DQ.UC6*35+@(#V@#I)Y
MA



M'?;O3_1^A. EU]
I=L+[Z?6S
5+&7!!(!+U--=]I*E+(R@SY=K;E.TIX?%754#VM/!O\S]55BPR[7VD#Y$
MCP%Q6+KUP2VH5]+3]S.RGGT)M#/V] BIV,N3J,.'SQ+0QHM9W9)3U:/]K

M8)U-(G#=FPECQ@ \YX;6
S 
0V/#J4B10^SIL\').4@\KA$TZ\,:(X3)K7.
MD*,Q*<FYMDO,0K%_'.!'9?A%175T!MIW<))\I90'!B\/VU(?Q*X*_0'?&4E
('N!M=
H)6+2^G=0+VX3%95?XF(MR[VEUH7

5RO^!





Q4M^<A

M/)HGMTH&D?*DT)1#PSF.:O'TQ41M&0'H=);@%F8Y&FH

J03E:^&$R






#4)E/8)2W-KO

WF;[4!]J

BRX0IAPL$KDUF<;6^EMR!] O[9UAMZO68HG7BY&;B#O;(ZHF&-$

RT&A!.*G1+)/2BK

MS+!(?VL@P*5-9

MY

M&T18U(T?8T]

QPI<17S:'7'PQ!R]$X1]U!U.3


$/(HVR@ ^#D@MB(PP

YO I/Q
OO5:RINOLRE



38P
S
Q7V1E9BYX;6SMO5MS





[
NK.ZB(1O
LKBZ2X9L

0XR8=&OZ7E@O!8







M@J51RO.*M4V.53&QN3YP15M=RJN-K9?!5[

M)=5C\1J%HYLH\7

=YU9=ZOQD%*W]Z09\FW<OSJ_L7?LS&^T$H;G6F<W](YM6C^87G6)




B<.X@_;?D@20G<#
M+GO39C(8D//Z8Q05U)*_S!DCW+/DW;T3!#=F_;U
FC<X.Q$U#1]1PO/<![

59S
M[Q2!.4JB=AY7'#0<EIP9/I8^A$6&4G4ORF8'[Q2!6:H54P(\'*Z<V3I U+0@
M01.FFYV'^\4@7FJ+6
:<(C%&M:)-@XO#FS!2B
M]96QYB(VU3+K8N)A<./

'%T98T#BT.@
]/&71)/

1X@#E$M[!N-+*+P%U[YFXG/BO2L_[.'

 6?!*4^TJDM


]ATUVN%2/:L'Z+]\X1


XM=)XCROR6I8WDZV/K/:PL=@T







_7MAO
M:61I

:G]



MN)#%DYJC#.DZ:HX[M#&ES\5K%@8A77+29NTI0BZKN)[PG:Q]E0_?8Y)FT_!M
M.

M[JZ!&5MMZF%0QBUF(/:BQKF W&9C .4P3Y]I(GGXL-6E5GM$(R)2:0!:F=9A

M@8R B@;[VC

MW!N()P9:G[.EU!L8*MRI?;!L3A7@(7




M&%Y06UL:.'.$K09D?O/??*J 7$KJ1CM @N%-[HX)9:@ FPN\XZEK.*.N!'NV

M4!BEY=)P1O?S8' HIJAZ+/J)7?@%_#T)G?8.?)#C'D=-K%(4Q7)T(7Q(XO




M#=E%PA[:*\JU7ER?_^#1GH1]5-=F?2$92\
M@I78M#1&-B7!UR0)]*GD]P;4YX+;F4P4(63+22&T1580V: 0X$3MJ6]*SD
M%X;=.+]1.?1N=;U8'7QQ%DQBYF)U\

M^-*Y6)6(]OIB=? %QV
2@?YUC^8EI+V^6 '/ERLVK)GX6+%3U4RW(TKM\+
M[N@()*!IE

;N4U(-RX#G1A4',D[
M&.\!BM0J 71V#6*S6$5TYF])
/1'T682E-Z\3N N#@OLSQ&)$@PW9NJ?'%5
MIK@JHY3KR]
ZYJ:9RZY4J\JE2GT0;[O
)B:HZF%[H@%@UMG




8;

16[]K2E8ZK

MAR8)]OQM7GM5
-C-*7Z9O


-I(
M0ZZ:


Q^I/'Q

M





?6)2G':C\6N2/*9)4(SR
M*_).HN2-KMV*5'$Z@O@([)V&:!)B1%;PKXV[,(Q_YN3]/ .CA!80@VNATUP
MR$+]'_(I206 940J]0?D

MC8I943[V'
!C9F)608GO&P)B+54V6

M J07\V_^OY+T

A,P;<KM<4M]K#NV'I[F<19$H6!

B
MC\9)PV50-

L?

M$BHB&^
:.?
MH56+E





M]:.#(-_%8LB$./?_!1FG7!Y%?8#J+VSEB@ PET5X3*)86LO8'=?^R6KE6)5
M!()DUQ]P.0+!P]A/YZ5.M),A6OQ5;X BG+++?FQ#']@J-'*BDCG3*
'?%:]
M








M&9Z9N4[I&6YQA!
F.6VT ^$0&)75-2X 8;?JN(TYS4%$1&\M+3


R 6'3G'I_ZA=(Z?HO[ =W

JO7D*

3N)/4WC
'B84OFN*A\]^G!*&X5O

M(* #W-ZFYOFG+4ADQI&ZD%*G1K
Q8

MUB8Q*?O
D99_M6?S?Q:AK^7M,@DYP=)-\ P-/$^S(8APDE/.;2D#*YH.FA


M^;



M9:QD:OT_X4

MWVX&LB'(\==6W6PTYA(X

MU

O6M86!BFV$.$1CUVNJ
MCI4MK!ITJ/YC9 3^.FLD()AG&95:UR*;.M'IJZC7\=O=$W&N(C7+T-2(?




])0'H;&OLO@ =
M@5%0]U)-S81
 Z7[K(7^O%$MJ.MV@$OED,.1@X-#A[$U*)T\9N6X%

MX/%4YUR82B@YA#LS2SSD4Y(.1Z.T(
%=Z+_2&-60J!5LDO8%R C
$BV(543&

MB0IG@3 )6IV:Z@



KHP )Z858Z(VOL,XKJY^6K.VC.[$#RYJ:&Z 5^)9LF
N#WRJ=3/\*PK5D?0%ROZ[/
MFL@X9#H+ :K-24UGM*0GP.WG'5L)%X=&=R^-6G+LXSD3S#[8$6A@FJ72]CN

MLH($=2]

T=




M55Z-DBR
)_(P[NUV(%[/3'$B&!PMH[C;+^\&3X1J!*3O^H:3/Y W0%%)UY#'

M^G$ 



MBK*USJ:*AX?-D;LB0-TY0K9
FB-+MBP.3(5\/)
T7(9 EF&/C]6ID)2HF$



M



YJ
*!ZI5\3)
GYWT;.H=7=2QMS

M=)AZ=\

W0L8F)XZ=WEFV%XR)M%XI1+1\'-DVA#F
OUN@X
M)#HSY' $UO+A
^(EMU0!R^G(6!&.4+QYIH@SCI&FG*NE!SJ],DB0\QO[R\J#G(C. =
MMO!+:.Y/8C<T/&.=H2






M)43= BS)GZ)


M$5;V4^T.6'IE8]3'QN')G1UJ\X973KF'(L]R/Z;5G)4W\49/;S 8]-

MD[;-5)J3C;K)JVQ6RX/$


MXN[G2JF

Q+56@ )'$M0MO0J4













M\]I.L-@

K4U



MI9)6=V2U]XZMVEC%E1HE:N5\0GP8^U!-\8E$]
WTHY_F\UJ =W8QK_^+K*B.

W&WK%=$[IZP1U-&N1DU@$BJV-H


CJ

BK \-66L\*?SA62IM$2@N-F');WZ9A-OUM&F:_


9FKBF6-
ND^

M/''(EDS##


!S@)^/1=V!T!

)7

M24I(\)(LVWL+&V& HP8DG!HT=D-J[GB,=+(D6M1NMMF0Y /0]X;2YX2+ 5


M9:JYA#YPX8\3V'V^YU]@=^)^_XQ)GYHB&5+/T#NX-W?&S3W2+
_R!3+'MO





M= DV9.DZAJ






H*U4!@:[!6CNPC\*4J294+.;C4 L!#YA
M;=6R0-@M0_-K$OSNQ5;:P$(4@[IJW5!@)CL2SL3+GDCR*

M?VVU



M]8$8 NMQK 0YF4ZEV9K@J/N8I 3 




 B.'C0


M)5$22IM0D#W#


M*IY9
[\ VL



MS$:U):C4U
%L#\AP)
!6T#^;. $L9/8I8X0AM4L98PZQ;8J

M^F%P&U_Z;V'N1_+J**)^@!2!K4:;
05
R PH3S2W:$R:S^-PWC3Y\A[@#8
M$)@[M/D2@4%FDQB.1L6L*--[\$PN*@6)U
8 #2P5^A_?GKXD%68ND_B43,(
M6TJJJ!O@1/!Z1YM'.21L):;*37J:1!&5L&%Z185 8C/-'ZR$0JOYB9^ )2'

M)R9Z3&Q+CRW]T-XXG8\1V 7TIH9-36!+D%3N+K=95I#@JDCIGD+2

I&92[W$
M?


M.'R:&1S6&0160W6:3:(VEXM)A_UJ_MFB7W=TT$2O5F:CL+$E;IE?2(! 5T$
M#^FE'T6,:2X[-4D' /]6=K;(#.7X
DHK6]%.IKZ
/G@FO9$\C!E36$YN4K#
M@(0I!J1;$&/FS9H]8W[NPEX3@BMRSQ]+GNZN!R15Z%200
# ^*ZYWYV1QN



MK)G^&=!-;PYJ]O!C2_@EW&#H6G-!;R[T&$KBK
38=DMF#N8-#@[VRHTEA(DM


M2_;0OL:^)SD]$SRF;77!1?S7V#)OHU7!7V&HSQ\+QTGM&9%&!?P=XM_A.&

?=!0/+E


_\8/


WE.^#5M=^0X#$E;WX8+&P.M*1X

MQMAP*




MXL%=B!M;.@.3YHP=19:!(O^$ME_S&C277@%#8+.U@&90%@*SH_T 1A-:


LQT9 ?3OE^/*'9RJ36$FE?@(S
MW.E@$K 5@2V_!$OL\H9W&S\7KUD8A#ZUY=([_LIFKSD=9




8['\.TJ4ZX)#MS+!6EUBW5H^T+T#&
M:W&U1+M $1SNG5G'NBG&FC$5E/6G


'
FB;

KX@@ 'X%94+,A0XT3CYL9T:^

1%@O

V$

:(8RSG10P


N&@ZR(





BL+7S$
M*H=9A=Z VNJ6J7P/469(D^!MJ
A
-3LA&-?-93=
6[#S
(
S5C\/HCPGX_R[
MGY*O:9+Q\BEQV\
.AR#^M=U.K  
F2'GIDA!M]2_2/V/'_1/&8\V:1] B^
MM=LA2@(.F6'GCD943Y

;Q^Z\:@%!XRXPX7K8Q'



MLFXD'#B+[=^ED?#
ZG/QSD; ;=2A![OXR$*K?T

^??AS'D;+U1/[L)WTOA
+N;?_'\E:1F9
M*SE_:HX$*K1IP&UY%F6PS)X8K= B.X9*
*P1W/LS^:FEQ6B@%:MO%96/J:W8
M;#4Q^&I =H1%

MA=MI8._L$$%^
JT3APG V%SW6I#^2?STY7MB;$XLQ@/-((C6L#@5-G B\_ZW
M0 (_+[I8M!P1M(/@SFU[%JR1(HL@T

MA0O4G[25B3??0I#TKDJA6EI7!WU
BG+FKE)$VZ0H9U93NNDF12D5R#&G





S RHA4AN!6PS'.@%P9W/XD38P(G

:
M2(;CG*1F9\'&D* ?!
9#:Q.!@55L170[&6BVZ3*'O^C=&+L#@
.93$J1R&TD



MV0IE74RG3_5]?8Y@16P[(/1D/#H:2GSK/JU''7J\DP)9$3L'+)[BR.PN

)BD[:9J7 '&[([LQ/T*8CZ2=.;'\#6(CFSZ

R7SV;
M'-X;?/GB

#8








BSYZF?



C8/%$%C

PT6@X%2$.01VL$LV
+
MS:O6O4NX;_#? -#Z2[2W$YXPX B$.0-






JAQ%F


HH^V\[(S86




M9%2DY6%;XJU1' %4YCPWF8A
-NU:X)#E)U.076KX5QX#-& U?EW9G:/%6&O2


CC \
7
FN=35Q[I@U:I5%ZSOP-B[)N4B8WV@$D%$%W




3@
MJ3X(*
YYCBT#S+.GDJX:D


1D::ZTQ@!

)*+XZCGG&6I


3'#':4CJT6*R#PQ:+8(U''+NE;4*EFZ&SD(#=9'0[=_D



M++25%]EZIY(NIO/@WOFAN_0RDC!RI?A?Y:B?CK_AG5O-U2I.:F.(9O8*;5A%

MC+1SVG%9Z';-/]K4.QU3&APAN





MGLPN9)&*KJ?9KO*]UB
Y'F)^8A)N6QV#R$(K;_V3=HE:K;2;;^PR_?$V6N




Y:HDADH
9:
Q*/G 88*-
MA3C2R
:-AO0V;O/\(HY/Y*F0\WFP)-^'L
$5L


MW&INQSM6#[)

D.9VMF79
[JAQPGC^$-






#[6ZHE_
5W_\1TA2T


MY2G6)RD,^NV_'N3';XG(26G6+VIDCFS [7L37IXM$EIUB]IY+)9U


M


R_2N$:)P



]4HZWVI-1460Q:*%SME S
4?L'4NJ&3Y2-*%;-SU
MC\=-MU$I= 0I
'0X- +87)1#!ZX7BVTG9A=C4%A82W!TX7$3GKF @ ZLK1;L

MW$'*VQC^FKSX'R1;^/WTW'[



PK7&H;IPZ'PV?617 HOM@;S^URN8V Z]T)W)%

L!A

M^4H:HDH_
DX/NO








M

M2+3Z;\^2MRV&Y!J!VF*P)9+MQ1KBUQ)?_],Q:53$H]_3]02P
$%     @
M-IS-2/]1
MZ=EP  :F
( !0   !R;W@M
C Q-C S

MMI4O^O^MNM\!)YE

M+:ESZW[WBP60;)(@7B0;@')NU=1D6XT%8@&_M0 LK


M^G_N/O^_Z.)AA4[0Z^OKEQ'IH:0]?!EF&W1R M])XO37QZ# B PL+?[C-\]E
MN?WQJZ^@_=MCGGR9Y4]???/UU]]^53?\#6OYXUL1=UJ_?ENW_?C5__I\_1 ^
MXTUP$J=%&:3A@0JZ&:+[^

//WQ%?R5-B_C'@M)?9V%0TJE2C@L)6\!_G=3-
M3N!/)Q^_.?GVXY=O1?0;





M.T((VSI.3WYZ^
U_K\D0H4.
$+4HT2\U[?_^=_;Y'D_+O#O]01[6 R3_5#!5
MM?@JS

M

M(MTJM MKXD2C5*


M#
&L#V%#.N5VT
1-L1!O+<%.K^!





]9LDO+(-]?Q@G.
M14=505L'D.''*X!*TQQECX 1##9/#D
WWDHPC3:_=XF^5EG#Z!^51XA9&3

[()/F6Y_!#;:^D *?VQ


42B-[L@0R4F'_N?M
M^C).@S2
@Z1YZ2\D'F





MUONR/1'H]J3[4Y9%KW&2D

NS'NE2;\ME'=4U/
MD7WH ;$N?+V$C%K=/I8G+*UG.-;9HDP[\A/)
@5M &5O-B:OF/9.@I7;T110




MOSBNL69F@S'HPQ

M'#^E+$0WW&ML!$(*Z_(G'GL??E5+5#?U2N4KEJ /*:WY=P8@
^VN0^P:5GH*

M8AK[Z)&
GT-0U18
^$UK] MK[P.*5&O!(4EO(1SHH.LXQ5?DGUH*J-78G?9I
MCUBR




MS^0[LJG$N%#+HYS

4)OJH-J%C[CVFJ4KD
M(R8 ^-???OSNX[\-[S398T&^6;)$@P7Y!6VR%[ACQ$UJ$]AZOB6[R]=?5UO/
M-W_X?O'==]]/W'JFJP98@XFS)%E')TE:6C(B3
K8@]6;[+\3:(HXNW+4X+




T7B!(T^7FVS-/%E_.B(5?-
MS\Q&X5)J#4=^&B1PO'4OMSK2P&]+NJ)@\P;736M!AG+Q%B8[*!I29[^0WNQT





O5B9 [
O:6-1:;$VX

MQLU58NN\QAQ=2G1+U!F-WI=W%BE6N

M]FP4#IV(FG[LBHS(I3BIHT!:C?T+93'BI!Y\B\@K:=&
;-&%DDV)2'%QNS[+




M


JTY).=E2/.






MV\$E__K;/W[S\?M_\R:#EAA/:B.C*QGX'*?D;@Q&3F:XE$@ W]0Z_@=&.P;]



ZQU663&8)V

XV
9ERK;7






[%-=5]_F@:+2,G!W3? WM 93Y2G[&9+N.KM(77+ '-38Z3 5

W3-E[8/WK'K:M'?(WS&T2[!M^ME6L91G.S






9 ;0%1:+



1QU;=UKV?':JJ^#IZHJ






M/HH5&W.\




VW*I\!\C74
M_IP'LG

]G$

N



MN!#/J\W

M6
?YG(.
GX+KV'Q:1/-PE]OJ=^_,F?70%L'MD]^O-SE
M$MH@ULB3=%SZPV8Q&#ZEK!)A#?


\U([H/7ST&)\SA(

+2I&Z
3
MV/D]DA4E[H2RHPDZ![($.2:+9QQ!K6IS89)1NY
F
_6

J%];N

4QF*NDA5C9+S\;J*^=@4JVP9_GT7Y[@Y
MR(E4DH3 KN:1C9P3LZHQ6F6H:HZ:]BXER80)27;J


?#%V=Q\


MK.5FWQ-*/M_$ZD+W1L=E!:G6U[EXBV:RO;SB:1Q]9_R4%:3)$[ESE D&30$9

H//7#.UE^5]FW*9$GL'0UZN6F4

PF-'T;J^6@#&.1DUF'

M%8



#TRN)ALG)]7)HOV^@#5^M3IWF0
M1L6GG&QE@M.4J+'5HY)PQ







MDST*GX

GTF:KYB Y-_5!I


C3

Q^ & KY<-6
!LUV?D+]%A]=:


J6:.Q\92T:5=TT1;_4C3T DF()^
)3&O-O
0XZ2'!Q3[;Y
M=(?K$E@2] PWMQ_;/#QJ+HH9FJ&JW:)5C
UE 3:3L2_$==9L:7G-X:[@L1J=

M7= ZB*Q:$#1RBVW-$6=K5  FW

MC


TT2LRS3Z'.2_XI+\

:1T&7(V_D
M1A-SW
YA CC+)M1S2'T7QO29 P;8BGU4V5&EI&Z
J7)NAJV0;1HF3RTJ#XRJ



DZ&][TV10.QBNAH8JXE)^/X^5 =$[^H

ML/CUEX1/0:D-Y7.CDM[1XZ.:+]%6PQ0ST(IKKK@]
M24[EL+698L9AW-1?Z(T2T_]IX5K-=Q0HYJL]]#?V!\I_@)OG
LOF]PB3XP



NC
M. WR/2WH


K
MG=/.C-S\Z%[CZO AV1SL*T.A& \K
H4

MD@7\9U6SX X\(
@&NBQ9#06:AFR5B8X;+E&O9%)LK[-E0'$Y1*W[GG* U3L-
N$7U95S9C^%7J)%<*R.PX-!?K


MQQ#4W04Y3H]M0C$6
LG1@9



M /J




#V\'R.'\G!A(R4

*0


MH^4*@E=3TG2_(D?)ZRQ(I:(E;&U5NL1CYGT?JY8(FB)HZX&0Z8__E'S^
4L1
MO;


Y7Q+EGS6

MB@0U#WU
-!1PBZAHT)\1H_($'IHKTP:*T;)8-!S'*1E1]RU/Y98I)+%O/!:/
MGC




K(!(DX2 \5

[W/!TRX.R7=_.#B/1








MIBG4+G%=KV= U
1-[9;3&1XM_WA=-T.D75U R6$Q'0^'K55*1V_

(2









M)J/IV?T6
@M N /V?.AP+BH/SP$!Y!%D1;MC7X1%?R9


5'4Y.
DIWQ


,5G,NNALI@+&HBZ,()QBMC-R#2AZ<U*73[\
+FUM.=4<M2KL!9'&

M^.E#JZ9!L*RHIF+^E4#'S$ANO2JG\Q6W^ H97X68+YL'(VT




$V9%6;RC2! .M$81'P+$.A=(&MDV01[[]+Z((\?7
MB#A(SX51R:*A+'HK?\

MMP(TD:W



5'2HS5%$B1KKP
M([QAS-KUMV[SA?
'D\JX*MT.O
.E

*5

S

MM7A]Y3EBY2R^YJC

M_QX(Q'RPX5YJ9L;
.Q E9D

YFE[X%
T<1\




9JC^K9]T!F6
5IWQ
M:3R[9@E Y@-$:S%]

MQ\T7&(5VZ-#0HT BV=3S5465\S[:FX6!4^*7/M3(JO\*-T(N^I(=S;QP)!=/
M:=OA0S:?


MXHD2

MVUN0:GZG%&4I\R L_XJ#7')
Y)O9+L+2'^5 TAC:!$$;Y[N%;&I[M58D\SK+
MJDJ/C$




9

M
Z;-4


MPZ/F=A=HA@[M$#1T?\R1S3EW#5%.N-6B8J!DV4CNX^)755R(B
!%$;'AD0_H
MF$-#!W]0V13_] L3#EW#N$CI;[N93*/8BD+N@#2/+*IJBQ(DI(N?=&YU&N
MXXTNI7*/*ZDWNA!7WKS







G8(%NU^A 3XZ$50_N


M
4!63?TQ/
FFO@\N];Q;APP@N9Y3I?%)0N
*/(/CUT20-[8GY5H(@*1:B-'W

*GJ
^N/D(LYJ!H<&W#D


N
M@Z-6L'/S';=\]HQV+!')*GA;[LKG+(_+O<+2*R*P;JX3CIRKD<'RS)6J&GJ


1!G-V)LE=,O93D



M!/B[''_:D8TY#;G-83)C)6$



MCV4I@.]-'*UL@%93:78@R27.'


A


A?5
E:V9

M1U'



MD]^*T8IM?^3/&


MFP5JM3J2Z+!847(URDN5^.@
_'1YO;PYNT ?R



M:\3Z1K3S2CD^U



M09(
;!=2_RJ]#APX6&ER-JP\:TJ4Y8C1=A7I@AU.Y]8+/S#F4OP$+SA*6_EH


Q[FIECV+J(;@F&G@.B



9
;[&AS=;9\^!.ZO+[]RP.ZO+_]C&[O+NZ7JZN;
M3VAYMKKZ^6IU=?'@01Z

-
M
#X;CRZ\+!X
-A#L]P]Z2KE=7\9I0




M@

=?MAJ6N_6[F5%CJ'!/$@* (WV
MK[K'X
QTE

M$P^$3
*AIJB1'A!T@0Y]+*JKM&-3U21N@2V /@J:QCY*G@JA:OG3@Z=+*;PZ

H55?UNP*+D*TRSK/N$.O/C0S-

5!
M!ET6350.6/?!OVP- 2R.+^-3]%S[9CY=R;D\Q]Q'5S51-K<M 
/3C8SC2/
M.$Q/MSQ''6KJR3PR9@()VY//C(0JH] :@0Z%[#:GG 7[



&^E


-4RDVN!U7G(MF; N412IW;L2XBV_DP<
M+_F#U*]YNC</]*T2\_EGYV*%:$#V3P\7Y^CJ9C#?@WL],(]\S)OFP3-=T42S
M'N]@_$'?-$=YC-CJ$

$B&+
Z 7YT9.U YL7STABV:,LBKJ.LXP-'OKPV:8-/*5=RY+D5)VJ6
MNTH?=H]%',4!N .!';SQGS.4,'5W7@B=!M=.2P[<L@
T'&*VGVQUZ26!^E1




M?'U;H]L\BM

7ZV7IW'L=IX..R;2LTL&PG4



#$JQW([C:$

M?NDJ)1]/




)[TA3

FP^PVM XL;:1]'/S%GGJ:)
MWS :GO@^:F2S;K

MG?B-R[%KS=?'F;+05M





($<D^NLE:\
M4#73IT$1AQ()

O4-

MV$X(
0I*YCI$&6Z%ZR@%TM9CWCR\?DCHVL9LI45

MM7
H19X@^8S2=H@=?F(PB^0N.\V7=0_T/@8U)]
MC7?@N2&;J0E%V<K@%ET8R69HV;BVR-DF8.R RPPI,G[L.[;4(1;'2(KI5


MC.C
OE5I#



A\Q/EZIVGGYY:OOJHYCG!9


3)[ACLEYE






\V(6(N




]96CY+WXLG=FS_47GJ3'!/

YY1DZ/+=R;)@'@C(?GB7TMS&] SRS /:9XF^),:5:!9A^]
MGBO.9Q1GZ/&]2;-@%K[Y^INOWZ
PM^$\799Y+'LMRJ3MO*)
.WP/HLPXGU.4


MQOBN'#Z[:G



M=FP#-A^KP@0\ML-W(
O.I<[R$CT.4[CS6YS#^&2R5TUZ
LL;RHVT)PMQ8BGGDG]


_KV

MB%;OA/
J7;UF5)U.E\]V7[Z*:(??T5*Z #&%]S/2&=UDWX=\2IGWPR5M-&Q'


^6:?F@CA%EHXCD9S
!VS)W'X$X/+*C4=G833PY=SIYN Q=)9MMEG*

M3]3MU'
9&8\.L9!



&'[
M:%552YRK'SR.
U%PZ=E!D3NH:Q?/TK].[[M#9^?;WOW,O\S-*3E]#SXV
MHX\P.B




$Z]N$Y:A&]0JDR6M6@#Q^1*HQI-<J-[&NQNLY J]N
M(V)U3AYGSV0=28-S3



J.\2A%\B^Z,&-VN4?4Y
MU'S/Y?YH:^9@0L)FAUS#A+S02$'\M=J0I*Z&\^MI%/GHFM$;1E0R<S@!F%M

 T[.#8^!ZNZ]
MO !IS


M^CVJ%ZN:U9S'(8=










MCS.+S%.2\1^VFGNH0&84/J7JF5WR'JM0RWLKC.@CS?DPL6O.1#-F :N6^B
6Y9NQ*QN_Z



A8'JK'MEB.[4^GLE';\376J*$TW5
M.@XDSJ7F.D[Q58DW




'2UBPI'*TVI8[=7E:0[-=CB^\_H:S391#
M;8#9JZ]W?&MQOJZ+7W/Z-N%[










'H







6G.#A^C'*.RU@:DP)X'4<<]H?HSRWV\R#$5(
M,#'-XI%0.,?2H/_MY;A\ W[.X,IKKXN$[Z\08(  !53B@ )A;KF$3R&87_9
WS6#1.^.EBR2A1
M.-<%HX?%%1_D@\?$8[G*N_A;IF8D@V+7QRZW)B5I4'NPRPO#/0RJL^#\T%N
=:Q0-0%]






ML%H6V1KMQ+;.$LMLJZZ[(M%ZB,OU(SVP+[\3:SR&T)SQ.+E!AET4JK6X


S




))1/TK3=;5FV6V]UDM#J\^:
 -5
M4Q#


++_?NDN35RLGH 1NKHPJ)_2M

RK)GVOG

F1\(5598_\



L0WU*IMH'IJ:-CK6@X
K8H2%
MJJMGSW@G
5\7WM*XCPU&ZV+^1I






M2L2*-NE^3Q8[EA3\KG0X-J\?=/3M])Y 7]E&;_+(+_ZF3(SL&NAD6]? 5+J?

HAC'%Y\($#CQV.F6QS;PS%2;K
M3Z

9&9A3U#QU

U2D!7E#SXWDHLA/XL.(R8;

M


M010


8XW2K




&F.\2: WG%@8!S@$2V[
YP?PB2



/LF4QIUQROVX1$I=C$






MUFKS$.RCA+_Q3((8DC*(]RHS&KGW4IB_
20'F;&FM+934H7-9 4#3)9#H:MW







*



7EU?H8O?T,WME_67RX4<^1C:B.:1SR #<9 ^@W/8?!,B=#)DA,'NDF!$
MC.5Y+F0+!\-6B R<U^ZTB\;IXT^O.[TI'R?3%&F6C41-!A]H/AU?\BB,@NSC
M*@(C2V2MP+H&6CVR[,2T=2Q0#4+E*(<%0+50OBW08]E%$W7@#UN]:Q*@%Q]D
M382S;@\:?,FU1CQ7[5.9P4K+KW#5WR_;7\$LGTV\'[D.87VAU!3+8UCR*WD

M&OBT!F-OAW87)03CRPR'RM=&S6'6=V4G6)ZJY5V:O/Z%
=[.5!@



MIL89XE^AC^N!YMTY=H=*M',EI;JPV ]A'M=N2]EV\SG=+WYXQAE]:YHK!#
M@5G5[


M_N-I'\2Q






MY5C0=H!%VIBP2V/BP'+T*4I0F


LEHE
M0\^V6Z4Q3 Q[1$KH?A]D'_?;I^@UB;;1)DB*NALW[;L=X?PN2C M5BA9UHRA






 5*H=Z
ML!/2XW]+?328;_%T+@[RG.S1X11$QPM)QML_CY/@W;[:(.-H925:R-8OUZ-D


MUF1YQ! VP3%



)MEXZN
M#H3GX%!B&-WM

AG]=P0D^3?Y%_D+7/U2AOP+4$L#!!0    ( #:<S4@ 2L#'MG(  #KF!P 4
M    <F]X+3(P,38P,S,Q7W!R92YX;6SMO6MSVTC2+OA](_8_]/;YW-VF[IJ8
M.2=HR?)H7EG2*\G=.[&Q@8# (H5I$-  HS.B?WOFP7P I*5=0$*K 3L+S-M








MAV7S_W&9!+
IB_-A//H4YV$^OX['23HM!OWS3[S;KP_7&Z

MNFP^].OX#8A.4G-I;[1L/I!/_YX5D^B-93G71L/1[#:W
Z17WAE(O\9PUDV;

MS0=YE:0


VW1B:O6X
MCX'7TQ.#?EL

MPS6=B


<
MZD4SVHR%OPZ2=Y^&['P-QC[$?\/#N+HEP^#Q:.:_P%_M1K+MNM8
'39Y][A


M


2?=HV@$@YNF$



_?16%0CJ[C

ML


?Y]#F)$
HVOH%]_T
'-T 1
M!H0NRC:;Q;)?/G3E?K+BM6MV-\MY]D^.4+X!2AIRH71W(U0#0]AN8M4!&?VV

8?I/HR 9R[$*E4%)HFETFGFG!X-F\\L'RF1OPA#-GI/5Y?K&)?

G




/)UFWN&1^3PS&J!LIFBU\PZ=ADQH2W%S'NA#ZY/:RTH=.]BZ;I)XLG2.

M*T?!9ZY6F+2LH7?D[(XE'IC9@4V[#^^(Q.5*@PPL5
0$:)^F'%YEWNU3A97'
M\S[)PD*-C)XLH



&+@C$,2_'TXO5

,8GH&)Q0Q,FNC<W2JP4$[T
4

  
']UP_*%
MQ&3S7=+

^K+O\

.!EM94_.$.X#=
MSF@DBDR^4



M8R.-O%
2!M-:IM0(:QWTN1F-,-%LX$!;7FEBU$@[!K;&0C=5U;VQ'
3N:[

M.FG/&XY&80GDW@]'U_$BXUX%M\PYIVSLG9&P*.U-7S0E@FA0)T/N'ECNAS$;


1!S






QZW(@GK!'TGEPAD:*I

M68]R0*
TNX@D!9V[


?YTB2XBL=2Y52G%
-!
K!$0DK


2TKG][*;XC/5J%7IQ?+S=1?

B2\;P3&92M:0IJQO +)5();0ZE^BO)OE



OKN(,S?5E3K= 2<=7E3J([85<$W!??X$KZ^

MHM3NQI4

+608;$5M^V4S5OVK2*1-(GA/P-6.;KHSV_3KFC[+!&U$/K. 9<:'18PWCD



M9-D]2Q?!\#P.ODBHUH^([X-#9Q;\X(6-9A'L.4
8VXB+.WQCCRR8I45-YD_O
MO' W&UV!/O


MIUFWBI&!G=?=M$



H





]%*6(-7L D9%8O45$BBDW
M M:'G5X#L+* L78?(#82F;R
6*ZM*%7



JR[CO?
M@AAHO '7H@L[^PI!64I
2


M0.I#SL#=FB0ZIJG5QS Q2#RLUU^?
0R]R.^WMH27)]!MBW#EO)$-N=M%)ZC%

M=E:LL/*VK'C+\26
P^EL^L )CY:!!U=)NBCA%D^*EPZUWN_5[Q\$1.*F4X-5
% QU&<Z_&HQW)O=/.S@Y<&Z2
HR4


M

(!&HQJF'8W *_=]]L.8B^

MO:H-\[+D?!%$EQAO&


6

MO$7;'EU%RA_GBW\T?$=LTB


  [=O
MV&JQAZR^.+X?KU*WWW .B+UTV^4
VV*EB'KU*K6
.EP7)M.=WZ)V(!ZG83=M
MS'

TX
Q.V-VWF*792_@Z'
-5

S^Z&U?K]MX]9_!#

N0\)\0'F*TOS^7W$)596IWKE^WCU]6
Y






MZ_[6*


MT






M#1

M9ID%L\Q?Y_HVNIN=LV!A&(_^D81Q_CO\ :Y!.C'ACT!JX?N3KW+0!1DT/H!
MP;(. *)URNUF
%.ROK ^W#Y?6!1$;OAI_F\FH_VX[SZ+XH;L7XG(#@2EA 3
MFL6*8HJY#Y?I*C+E+7KW8Q $1N)*75J!:CBHW.9SECPZR1Y^VW$0L[Q$?\/
M3NU1A5KX*^^&3?SH4YR'Z$07? 5@25R8Z\]D%!0=/Z\N@R4=$IN?P(PG=Z&
*V)(%E#X_5



3NN!R!S
M*:R

&TE?6?0D2K6$RKHEM:#_^T^P#QD3!E

1F^A2
6
MCY=8O=#;];/0 %A_#GM&)I-7!J=^\UE$1/_64B._'.D%G=;H%B1V2$&S

V%U:/]0!\QHA[=LD=N'H-6DR5D

M+%_O8\


M8?XYM
B\QK

MKI$$7:

M*6XT@I#4C;TS&OG56ETLMM 2S&2PWC/CT6


JK8QQO!)95&*J%F_L!]JC *HIE1;(&X)X2427
M-U


MI0UXXT
8LM/' 74$C)A[!;CZ8-2UD_+U^(3$$5Y$DH+.71A]



.


QIYLC7Y


Y
MSP3S+8PBD

M2$:GS\

6S5



B6M +14 \/

MB;9'@01[B?8])F'D:?VZOH6X%]7MG7N

MM8G_X/LQ\9\=N
LJMUH&ET/6M^=OM  0)$[X-22O


M;T$



MM:M\W(E80[O6T56D$EX:0Q?;0O0/7$H[
1YWN-GKS!@
:U6DL1FH'L49$5
:[QNGCUJG8P.7AIFY*[A8@^T'F#BY #PR.HV&0

M170N568=@0!)'+



M(RY&O/IT6Q




MB$\ ^1)0D3@NH0+?C6U!4;AU NAP@YKUT6\!F=-SB%3@2FZJ& @6BKSWTSSD




X3%(E5=N? 2 2ELZZ

N&FUS**4 8Z/\Z]Q^.\9NV19D(8%



ME_M9E?;C*T2B#[.GJ-P&BJBXN6MO,&!6].,2N[?.JA0]CL5I:QS65+XZR[
M^3%(D(2YH
;!5@0$H;1;\2^;X+1/L:(F(!429@:

C'

1VRPYEK5[+
0F[ \Z6'KM5- B_

6/.7-1?@]R(.$J4F#

M-.!43?03PRGZ ?F1



M25AN+&F*%6B*)U, (\?H2YG*4P1.#^%R:C66;/: 0B.Q.72ZB%S%R2'[);


?R.AGT*
MP+IV/Y-#03@R-MFU
%4V!CV

M=M+*]C7.6#!+RY 8R9:X\1V(H:O7(0$.A
A6'!N*^7J\^ 

W8=?WH/6%:M^%='

MA?6N&

$:'D-MET^MU'*3
S]@BL']Y

M2\07)V2)%G_







5R231-B 6$G8*6<(R7)$2'KF
M;A&]E


M\:CX4U22/OK7+L,QDM)UM3^C\(O)(\+J9N::W%2 B/&N;XJMP41[ZRA(

#E6 T8JQYOLX[SZ+ZKR;MJ=




F@(RY*-

MT_

MI]=FB:P5I%3'C]#2

M;A:W )G0
%K@A&DR7


MF&Y6^:9:N9$GOC?CP-6I29)G&!6L*XLBTL=3(E[$HYET3&J(3JTTW'/

M5S6A(2K0
=N0K$#++?M6_%/MTC:K#D!B)()HS)7!!!_R8J5CEB1)

3B$:\8*ST!FC0':9%P*-0YR^NB0W3!V!Q&(6A^B3/;A*^Z
MT\F:@9!(^!K


HDB/U56^M+N X376?.O



R@C[
M)8P3.(W


R\;(HQ=2'?


MZ2F')BME,P$ZIC*78&#?O@STZ/B;HSTY)/.93L_0$5C ZH
?T&Y%LK-3



%S.AWO+-S^K$S#9:W&L*P






$(B#YTU7;





M$#J!A[JTE1#0 


M;/HL-*2K&WF#PX'32PXB_=VE4 M''\(%K97:^7! -?L*OF!J8;(4&TB
Y0:E


8- J*4YD;_C2
%Z=Z 
0WT'+C9$!GOI@Z

MGOSQ?OFNOQCTO3_GELM
YR5)HXZ]\X
:61DMI?4+7MAH%L&XQ0D-ACS]_J0P
MX68?Y^MO%AB&_*Z/!5):_PT0%(WW$Q;H%B\7ED5%)Y2SOH9^\?^5I$_P*]G=
M^)(]Y[!H?OKW+


C$AF1#'E#MB
QNCX$

X[)9FZ.GKK.3M;OS)3^
PGO J#.6*.Q=WH-B*



^Y2EN_7;OZ

M/3N
)@Q_O$BL/U<Y^O$O4]H\(^$4LD$W








MNA3




M;+WC^-[NK32GCFG2)] !&N^:J

1@VE

1PCYY^62\OU[*DGP!^%=KZW^PZ1
MA4IHVQ[.R6Y-FT
M$5 +VCO\$;17C1P[_N \ 





M*]K*4#+
LMFTM*X\A-F?5RGC;Q\9T)H_@.#:
)'I_C;GB:Z__]A^;CM#P5B*

[:FN9+

3BD0MEKOXVYXO6
M


^7^0U[8Y%BI=;K@$N
MA#?68

QHENA
0; ^^!47$&\
@;WL03
]JP?4JX..4EM'2
M0'';E

M)CDAEMM0+5^M((T3/-A1V,TK/IX3PYI'8\KI-7Q\!9P^AL8



N


\2
M56CG![V38Q(V0#.U:E


MZ9
])0,@R=K<-'1#0;M?=.B:7


M([%'QI92]Y?C N4#&S&0XN@NO?C2#]5*=

MQ/TZ2X
7'NT



V2-+W\* E7

Q\ZR('ENS!8A[E:#)4A&M
M
UIQ5%6Z%

MHW!;$OH*U]&Q%=NX,-XM C5X$AO9\@$-&C-I45B6J+,[/JVS:!92IS4/$6

MO(@Y9N'D!?1F^
Q[ '<?&AK N1'<\0;\S0/DC
MQF,5:'T5;]\G];HX(6-9A&
6UD?+L





MX6@:QCSOJL\C

MU9;%1Z
<D&67#





%Q]C@P00\]PK+;
MYQH[Q]=@K9U7?IA^\=

718_M3G7E


N\+MW]'UDP2\
\

6V]PLQ?8


(^[Y+5-3! CI3C





MHP2HJJEWMI5\=)]+QBJQ#3;*C_.-?]$NZ&G0GW=.(WV8'E'(O*X/O ^E./5
+E&2\8BIR\JG1PB4AGW'





RRC4YIWA
W (&0


MOD;S]75#T=%WP, $@:2&E(7STT)RCZ8M??]O1X0
)4(F'5R+.
0NR#8;SI

MRH.*I!6(AL16I^#.@/ J+H)O+:_3
'OYXR7
_F1SZ0%E]T/O^)#$Z5(I]MVE
M%P-CR1IH]W5T6=N.VRRE#^(W/P


/Q&4?@\0G7I'9(+?I4@!P_&;/RVFGKXE1DRM

$XO2Z;T:4$XOC9FR9?JMDE



_7L&

M4'D 0=MX@\




M$(-+G:Y /B0#7^7*T PMH@UDHH
^Q3P
2B
.I?P00-$XQAM3B&%!'@)TR[I6
MK$_K@JN7L$+)2C:+/@=IT#BYU]O2440(O]VRK!7PAO'H@1



M^9B?TO=)? L_B',_N1/JK_L%(83


17K4#7AY0 PR#@




#<.9 L!P82^.FD-MY( GI*P11AS(4!!
M
.6CRA(7I(H##[)2+U)VP)5W[8TFT/$B 18&1^&#-#V OC



M(CIDQ)7CMI4.NH5S5CE




7* F[2*


HUF^MEYKT+QHP673Q8N8'$Y[&2'W

L0/+UG-;

M9R]74?+-3?6UBA%M.0XS ]5.

MU@
_#1-=

M



MNV#?NJ.6B25S(P6]J4Z*N_$B]4L\4?D@9
U 1B2
9?O6&[5
^O3*Z\H/T]_]
M:
SOC*&D-'<X$:&+3V3FD$?^U+)XQ%TZ=BE!+60S=LG*_Z](
M[\)_#7,_TK!NZW<


0GW1*MJI2\(&F5)

+5Z6I
AMU3VEH#XV35][BG@%$KY++X5]&38NY+J
_TA@KCE5XV91
MQZT]$ $QDS!PMQ^4;4-.MFK/DE7'
MBAQ7=+AC\ 8B=A*+?R;JD6]C[5OEWF




2
M_IWVM*.N3! ]Z61 =S/IMG:? T&3\ *UOS39D!.BD
;6?[)FAM4SP;;
#(8_

UFL/!E
8[*9LZ



6AK?@RD;#9N17-4TD TJ)
&X^KZNLB]

J6@&7Y891M05B4
M_0

CF

M\\EMQJY(U
D!YDDG%U;V

PG@T7W'4

M 0    !R;W@M
C Q-C S

M

4


4


) 0  $$L#
end



