

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-15-037266
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150615
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150615
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Castle Brands Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001311538
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32849
		FILM NUMBER:		15932530
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		122 EAST 42ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4700
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10168
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-356-0200
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		122 EAST 42ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4700
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10168









     








Washington
&nbsp;D.C. 20549









For the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015










its charter)



    
    
    

    

    
    


    
    
    

122&nbsp;East&nbsp;42nd Street
&nbsp;Suite&nbsp;4700
    
    

New&nbsp;York
&nbsp;New&nbsp;York
    
    

    
    
    


Registrant&rsquo;s telephone number
including area code (646)&nbsp;356-0200




Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(b)
of the Act:



    
    
    

Common&nbsp;stock
&nbsp;$0.01&nbsp;par&nbsp;value
    
    


Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(g)
of the Act:



Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule&nbsp;405 of the Securities Act. Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
 &nbsp;No&nbsp;


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act.
Yes&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12&nbsp;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&nbsp;days. Yes&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;No&nbsp; 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
 &nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;


Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation&nbsp;S-K is not contained herein
 and
will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any amendment to this Form&nbsp;10-K.&nbsp; 


is a large accelerated filer
 accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.&nbsp;&nbsp;See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    

    
    
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Act). Yes&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp; 


registrant&rsquo;s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the September 30
 2014 closing price was
approximately $86
400
000&nbsp;based on&nbsp;the closing price per share as reported on the NYSE MKT on such date. The
registrant had 157
781
544 shares of common stock outstanding at June 15
 2015.




requirements as of the end of the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015 pursuant to Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended
 or Exchange Act. However
 pursuant to Rule 12b-2 and SEC Release No. 33-8876
 the registrant (as a smaller reporting
company transitioning to the larger reporting company system) is not required to satisfy the larger reporting company disclosure
requirements until its first quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal year ending March 31
 2016.




 11
 12
 13
and 14)&nbsp;of this annual report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120&nbsp;days after the end of the
registrant&rsquo;s fiscal year covered by this report.





    
    












    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    



    
    








premium brands in the following beverage alcohol categories: rum
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka and tequila. We distribute our products
in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia
 in thirteen primary international markets
 including Ireland
 Great Britain
Northern Ireland
 Germany
 Canada
 Israel
 Bulgaria
 France
 Finland
 Norway
 Sweden
 Denmark
 China and the Duty Free markets
and in a number of other countries. We market the following brands
 among others:


Gosling&rsquo;s
                                         rum



Gosling&rsquo;s
                                         Dark &lsquo;n Stormy

&reg;
                                         

Jefferson&rsquo;s
                                         Reserve

Jefferson&rsquo;s
                                         Ocean Aged at Sea









&reg;
                                         

&reg;
                                         

Knappogue
                                         Castle Whiskey

&reg;
                                         

&reg;
                                         



Celtic
                                         Honey

Castello
                                         Mio

&reg;
                                         




brands listed below.

.
We are the exclusive U.S. distributor for Gosling&rsquo;s rums
 including Gosling&rsquo;s Black Seal Dark Rum
 Gosling&rsquo;s
Gold Bermuda Rum and Gosling&rsquo;s Old Rum. The Gosling family produces these rums in Bermuda
 where Gosling&rsquo;s rums have
been under continuous production and ownership by the Gosling family for over 200&nbsp;years. We hold a 60% controlling interest
in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc.
 a global export venture between us and the Gosling family. Gosling-Castle Partners has the exclusive
long-term export and distribution rights for the Gosling&rsquo;s rum products for all countries other than Bermuda. The Gosling&rsquo;s
rum brands accounted for approximately 30% and 34% of our revenues for our 2015 and 2014 fiscal years
 respectively. We also distribute
Gosling&rsquo;s Stormy Ginger Beer



Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons and rye
. We develop and market four premium
 very small batch bourbons: Jefferson&rsquo;s
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Reserve
 Jefferson&rsquo;s
Ocean Aged at Sea and Jefferson&rsquo;s Presidential Select. Each of these four distinct premium Kentucky bourbons is blended
in batches using select barrels of certain mash bills and ages to produce specific flavor profiles. We also market Jefferson's
Straight Rye Whiskey
 a premium whiskey distilled from 100% North American rye
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Chef&rsquo;s Collaboration
a blend of bourbon and rye
 and Jefferson&rsquo;s The Manhattan: Barrel Finished Cocktail
 a ready-to-drink cocktail.

. We have
the long-term exclusive U.S. distribution rights (excluding duty free sales) for Pallini Limoncello and its related brand extensions.
Pallini Limoncello is a premium lemon liqueur
 which is served iced cold
 on the rocks or as an ingredient in a wide variety of
drinks
 ranging from martinis to iced tea. It is also used in cooking
 particularly for pastries and cakes. Pallini Limoncello
is crafted from an authentic family recipe. It is made with Italy&rsquo;s finest Sfusato Amalfitano lemons that are hand-selected
for optimal freshness and flavor. There are two other flavor extensions of this Italian liqueur: Pallini Peachcello
 made with
white peaches
 and Pallini Raspicello
 made from a combination of raspberries and other berries.


    
    


.
Our family of Clontarf Irish whiskeys currently represents a majority of our case sales of Irish whiskey. Clontarf
 an accessible
and smooth premium Irish whiskey
 is distilled using quality grains and pure Irish spring water. Clontarf is then aged in bourbon
barrels and mellowed through Irish oak charcoal. Clontarf is available in single malt and classic versions.

.
We developed our Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a single malt Irish whiskey
 to build on both the popularity of single malt Scotch whisky
and the growth in the Irish whiskey category. Knappogue Castle Whiskey is distilled in pot stills using malted barley and is aged
twelve years. We have introduced Knappogue Twin Wood
 the first Sherry Finished Knappogue Castle Whiskey. The whiskey is matured
for sixteen years in two types of wood resulting in a perfectly balanced single malt Irish whiskey with a complex
 rich taste and
Knappogue Castle 1951 is a pure pot-still whiskey that was distilled in 1951 and
then aged for 36&nbsp;years in sherry casks. The name comes from an Irish castle
 formerly owned by Mark Edwin Andrews
 the originator
of the brand and the father of Mark Andrews
 our chairman.

.
Brady&rsquo;s Irish Cream
 a high quality Irish cream
 is made in small batches using Irish whiskey
 dairy fresh cream and natural
flavors.

. Boru vodka
 a
premium vodka produced in Ireland
 was developed in 1998 and is named after the legendary High King of Ireland
 Brian Boru
 who
united the Irish clans and drove foreign invaders out of Ireland. It is five-times distilled using pure spring water for smoothness
and filtered through ten feet of charcoal made from Irish oak for increased purity.

. Celtic
Honey is a premium brand of Irish liqueur that is a unique combination of Irish spirits
 cognac and a taste of honey. Gaelic Heritage
Corporation Limited
 an affiliate of one of our bottlers
 has the exclusive rights to produce and supply us with Celtic Honey.

 In
May 2013
 we introduced Castello Mio
 a super premium sambuca. Castello Mio Sambuca is made by Brotto Distilleries S.r.L. (&ldquo;Brotto&rdquo;)
a family company with a tradition of crafting fine liqueurs in the Veneto region of Italy since the 1800&rsquo;s
 and is available
in the &ldquo;classico&rdquo; style as well as espresso.

. &ldquo;Tequila
Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco&rdquo;&trade; or &ldquo;Tierras&rdquo; is an organic
 super-premium
 USDA certified organic tequila and
is available as blanco
 reposado and a&ntilde;ejo. We are the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras.

. In 2011
we became the exclusive U.S. distributor for Gozio amaretto
 which is made from a secret recipe that combines selected fruits from
four continents.




Brands into a profitable international spirits company
 with a distinctive portfolio of premium and super premium spirits brands.
To achieve this
 we continue to seek to:



    
    
 We continue to focus our distribution efforts
 sales expertise and targeted marketing activities on our more profitable brands and markets;

    
    
 We believe that continued organic growth will enable us to achieve long-term profitability. We focus on brands that have profitable growth potential and staying power
 such as our rums and whiskies
 sales of which have grown approximately 46% over the past two fiscal years;

    
    
 We use our existing assets
 expertise and resources to build consumer awareness and market penetration for our brands;

    
    
    

    
    
 We intend to continue to introduce new brand extensions and expressions. For example
 we have leveraged our successful Jefferson&rsquo;s portfolio by introducing a number of brand extensions. We continue to explore strategic relationships
 joint ventures and acquisitions to selectively expand our premium spirits portfolio. We expect that future acquisitions or agency relations
 if any
 would involve some combination of cash
 debt and the issuance of our stock.





and supply process for beverage alcohol products. First
 all of our spirits products are distilled. This is a multi-stage process
that converts basic ingredients
 such as grain
 sugar cane or agave
 into alcohol. Next
 the alcohol is processed and/or aged in
various ways depending on the requirements of the specific brand. For our vodka
 this processing is designed to remove all other
chemicals
 so that the resulting liquid will be odorless and colorless
 and have a smooth quality with minimal harshness. Achieving
a high level of purity involves a series of distillations and filtration processes.


    
    



 rather than removing
flavor
 various complex flavor profiles are achieved through one or more of the following techniques: infusion of fruit
 addition
of various flavoring substances
 and
 in the case of rums and whiskeys
 aging of the brands in various types of casks for extended
periods of time and the blending of several rums or whiskeys to achieve a unique flavor profile for each brand. After the distillation
purification and flavoring processes are completed
 the various liquids are bottled. This involves several important stages
 including
bottle and label design and procurement
 filling of the bottles and packaging the bottles in various configurations for shipment.


in distillation
 bottling or other production facilities or equipment. Instead
 we have entered into relationships with several
companies to provide those services to us. We believe that these types of arrangements allow us to avoid committing significant
amounts of capital to fixed assets and permit us to have the flexibility to meet growing sales levels by dealing with companies
whose capacity significantly exceeds our current needs. These relationships vary on a brand-by-brand basis as discussed below.
As part of our ongoing cost-containment efforts
 we intend to continue to review each of our business relationships to determine
if we can increase the efficiency of our operations.




by the Gosling&rsquo;s family in Hamilton
 Bermuda for over 200&nbsp;years and
 under our distribution arrangements with Gosling's
Export (Bermuda) Limited (&ldquo;Gosling&rsquo;s Export&rdquo;)
 they have retained the right to act as the sole supplier to Gosling-Castle
Partners Inc. with respect to our Gosling&rsquo;s rum requirements. Gosling's sources&nbsp;its rums in the Caribbean and transports
them to Bermuda where they are blended according to proprietary recipes. The rums are then sent to Heaven Hill Distilleries
 Inc.&rsquo;s
plant in Bardstown
 Kentucky where they are bottled
 packaged
 stored and shipped to our third-party warehouse. In 2007
 Gosling&rsquo;s
increased its blending and storage facilities in Bermuda to accommodate our supply needs for the foreseeable future. We believe
Heaven Hill has ample capacity to meet our projected bottling needs for the foreseeable future. See &ldquo;Strategic brand-partner
relationships.&rdquo;


is produced by Polar Beverages (&ldquo;Polar&rdquo;)
 the country&rsquo;s largest independent soft-drink bottler
 a fourth-generation
family-owned business that traces its roots back to 1882.&nbsp;Polar produces the ginger beer according to Gosling&rsquo;s formula
and requirements and cans and bottles the product at one of its facilities in the United States. We believe Polar has ample
capacity to meet our projected needs for the foreseeable future.




 we entered into two long-term
supply agreements with Irish Distillers Limited (&ldquo;IDL&rdquo;)
 a subsidiary of Pernod Ricard
 under which it has agreed to
supply us with the aged single malt and grain whiskeys used in our Knappogue Castle whiskey products and all of our Clontarf Irish
whiskey products. The first supply agreement provides for the production of blended Irish whiskeys for us until the contract is
terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least
six years prior notice
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 we provide IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount&nbsp;of
liters of pure alcohol we require for the next four fiscal contract years and agree to purchase that amount
 subject to certain
annual adjustments. The second supply agreement provides for the production of single malt Irish whiskeys for us until the contract
is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least
thirteen years prior notice
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 we provide IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount&nbsp;of
liters of pure alcohol we require for the next twelve fiscal contract years and agree to purchase that amount
 subject to certain
annual adjustments. We are not obligated to pay for any product not yet received. The whiskeys are then sent to Terra Limited (&ldquo;Terra&rdquo;)
in Baileyboro
 Ireland
 where they are bottled in bottles we designed and packaged for shipment. We believe that Terra
 which also
acts as bottler for certain of our Boru vodka and as producer and bottler of our Brady&rsquo;s Irish Cream (and as bottler for
Celtic Honey
 which is supplied to us by one of Terra&rsquo;s affiliates)
 has sufficient bottling capacity to meet our current
needs
 and both Terra and IDL have the capacity to meet our anticipated future supply needs.


 storage
 sampling
testing
 filtering
 filling
 capping and labeling of bottles
 case packing
 warehousing and loading and inventory control for our
Knappogue Castle and Clontarf Irish whiskeys at prices that are adjusted annually by mutual agreement based on changes in raw materials
and consumer price indexes increases up to 3.5% per annum. This agreement also provides for maintenance of product specifications
and minimum processing procedures
 including compliance with applicable food and alcohol regulations and maintenance
 storage and
stock control of all raw products and finished products delivered to Terra. Terra holds all alcohol on its premises under its customs
and excise bond. Our bottling and services agreement with Terra will expire on June 30
 2015. We expect to continue to operate under the terms of the expiring contract as we negotiate a new agreement
with Terra. We believe we could obtain alternative
sources of bottling and services if we are unable to renew the existing Terra contract.




 Jefferson&rsquo;s Reserve
Jefferson&rsquo;s Ocean Aged at Sea and Jefferson&rsquo;s Presidential Select bourbons
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Chef&rsquo;s Collaboration
blended bourbon and rye
 Jefferson&rsquo;s rye and Jefferson&rsquo;s The Manhattan: Barrel Finished Cocktail are bottled for us
by Luxco
 Inc. (&ldquo;Luxco&rdquo;)
 in Cleveland
 OH
 from our stocks of aged bourbon and rye. We blend no more than eight to
twelve barrels to produce specific flavor profiles of each of our bourbon products. Bourbon has been in short supply in the U.S.
in recent years
 and we have been actively seeking alternate sourcing for future supply. We have acquired stocks of aged bourbon
which we anticipate will supply our currently forecasted needs for the Jefferson&rsquo;s brand
 although there is no assurance
we can source adequate amounts of bourbon or rye
 if demand is greater than expected
 at satisfactory prices.


    
    





 as successor
in interest to I.L.A.R. S.p.A.
 an Italian company based in Rome and owned since 1875 by the Pallini family
 produces Pallini Limoncello
Raspicello and Peachcello. Pallini bottles the liqueurs at its plant in Rome and ships them to us under our long-term exclusive
U.S. marketing and distribution agreement. We believe that Pallini has adequate facilities to produce and bottle sufficient Limoncello
Peachcello and Raspicello to meet our foreseeable needs. See &ldquo;Strategic brand-partner relationships.&rdquo; &nbsp;




Plc
 a leading European producer of grain neutral spirits
 to provide us with the distilled alcohol used in our Boru vodka. The
supply agreement provides for Cargill to produce natural spirit for us with specified levels of alcohol content pursuant to specifications
set forth in the agreement and at specified prices through its expiration in December&nbsp;2015
 in quantities designated by us.
We believe that Cargill has sufficient distilling capacity to meet our needs for Boru vodka for the foreseeable future. In the
event that we do not renew the Cargill agreement
 we believe that we will be able to obtain grain neutral spirits from another
supplier.


delivered from Cargill to the bottling premises at Terra
 where it is filtered in several proprietary ways
 and pure water is
added to achieve the desired proof. Depending on the size of the bottle
 Boru vodka is then either bottled at Terra or
shipped in bulk to the U.S. and bottled at Luxco
 where we bottle certain sizes for the U.S. market. We believe that both
Terra and Luxco have sufficient bottling capacity to meet our current needs
 and both have the capacity to meet our
anticipated future supply needs. As described above
 our bottling and services agreement with Terra will expire on June 30
2015. We expect to continue to operate under the terms of the expiring contract as we negotiate a new agreement with Terra.
We believe we could obtain alternative sources of bottling and services if we are unable to renew the existing
Terra contract.




us by Terra. Fresh cream is combined with Irish whiskey
 grain neutral spirits and various flavorings to our specifications
 and
then bottled by Terra in bottles designed for us. We believe that Terra has the capacity to meet our foreseeable supply needs for
this brand. As described above
 our bottling and services agreement with Terra will expire on June 30
 2015. We expect to continue to operate under the terms of the expiring contract as we negotiate a new agreement
with Terra. We believe we could
obtain alternative sources of bottling and services if we are unable to renew the existing Terra contract.




 an
affiliate of Terra
 has a contractual right to act as the sole supplier to us of Celtic Honey. Gaelic Heritage mixes the ingredients
comprising Celtic Honey using a proprietary formula and then Terra bottles it for them in bottles designed for us. We believe that
the necessary ingredients are available to Gaelic Heritage in sufficient supply and that Terra&rsquo;s bottling capacity is currently
adequate to meet our projected supply needs. See &ldquo;Strategic brand-partner relationships.&rdquo;




us by Brotto in Carnuda
 Italy. Grain neutral spirits
 sugar and various natural flavor essences are combined to our specifications
and then bottled by Brotto in bottles designed for us. We believe that Brotto has the capacity to meet our foreseeable supply needs
for this brand.




Gozio amaretto. Gozio amaretto is produced by Distillerie Franciacorta
 a spirits company founded in 1901 and owned by the Gozio
family. The company is located in Franciacorta
 in the Italian Region of Lombardy. We believe that Distillerie Franciacorta has
sufficient capacity to meet our foreseeable supply needs for this brand.




&ldquo;Tierras&rdquo; is being produced for us in Mexico by Autentica Tequilera S.A. de C.V. Autentica Tequilera currently sources
organic agave from third-parties
 and together with its affiliates is in the process of cultivating its own supply of organic agave.
Autentica Tequilera distills and bottles the tequila at its facility in the Jalisco region of Mexico. Tierras is available as blanco
reposado and a&ntilde;ejo. The blanco is unaged
 the reposado is aged in oak barrels at the distillery for up to one year
 and
the a&ntilde;ejo is aged in oak barrels at the distillery for at least one year. We believe that
 given the ability of Autentica
Tequilera to purchase organic agave and its anticipated cultivation of organic agave
 Autentica Tequilera has sufficient capacity
to meet our foreseeable supply needs for this brand.




that we have developed with our sales team and our independent distributors and brokers is one of our strengths. We currently have
distribution and brokerage relationships with third-party distributors in all 50 U.S. states
 as well as distribution arrangements
in approximately 20 other countries.


    
    




 Importers of
beverage alcohol in the U.S. must sell their products through a three-tier distribution system. Typically
 an imported brand is
first sold to a U.S. importer
 who then sells it to a network of distributors
 or wholesalers
 covering the U.S.
 in either &ldquo;open&rdquo;
states or &ldquo;control&rdquo; states. In the 33 open states
 the distributors are generally large
 privately-held companies.
In the 17 control states
 the states themselves function as the distributor
 and regulate suppliers such as us. The distributors
and wholesalers in turn sell to individual retailers
 such as liquor stores
 restaurants
 bars
 supermarkets and other outlets
licensed to sell beverage alcohol. In larger states such as New York
 more than one distributor may handle a brand in separate
geographical areas. In control states
 importers sell their products directly to state liquor authorities
 which distribute the
products and either operate retail outlets or license the retail sales function to private companies
 while maintaining strict
control over pricing and profit.


dramatically over the last ten years due to merger and acquisition activity. There are currently eight major spirits companies
each of which own and operate their own importing businesses. All companies
 including these large companies
 are required by law
to sell their products through wholesale distributors in the U.S. The major companies are exerting increasing influence over the
regional distributors and as a result
 it has become more difficult for smaller companies to get their products recognized by the
distributors. We believe our established distribution network in all 50 states allows us to overcome a significant barrier to entry
in the U.S. beverage alcohol market and enhances our attractiveness as a strategic partner for smaller companies lacking comparable
distribution.


 our U.S. sales represented
approximately 86.2% of our revenues
 and we expect them to remain relatively consistent as a percentage of our total sales in the
near future. See note 16 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements.

 We currently
hold the federal importer and wholesaler license required by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury
Department
 and the requisite state license in all 50 states and the District of Columbia.


in large bonded warehouses and shipped nationally by an extensive network of licensed and bonded carriers.


In the U.S.
 we are required by law to use state-licensed distributors or
 in the control states
 state-owned agencies performing
this function
 to sell our brands to retail outlets. As a result
 we depend on distributors for sales
 for product placement and
for retail store penetration. We currently have no distribution agreements or minimum sales requirements with any of our U.S. alcohol
distributors
 and they are under no obligation to place our products or market our brands. All of the distributors also distribute
our competitors&rsquo; products and brands. As a result
 we must foster and maintain our relationships with our distributors. Through
our internal sales team
 we have established relationships for our brands with wholesale distributors in each state
 and our products
are currently sold in the U.S. by approximately 80 wholesale distributors
 as well as by various state beverage alcohol control
agencies.




 most countries
permit sales directly from the brand owner to retail establishments
 including liquor stores
 chain stores
 restaurants and pubs
without requiring that sales go through a wholesaler tier. In our international markets
 we rely primarily on established spirits
distributors in much the same way as we do in the U.S. We have contracted with an international beverage alcohol broker to represent
our brands in approximately twenty international markets. We use Terra and other bonded warehouses and logistic providers to handle
the billing
 inventory and shipping for us for some products in certain of our non-U.S. markets.


 the beverage alcohol industry
has undergone consolidation internationally
 with considerable realignment of brands and brand ownership. The number of major spirits
companies internationally has been reduced significantly due to mergers and brand ownership consolidation. While there are still
a substantial number of companies owning one or more brands
 most business is now done by the eight major companies
 each of which
owns and operates its own distribution company that distributes in the major international markets. These captive distribution
companies focus primarily on the brands of the companies that own them.


route to market in our international operations
 we do not believe that we are at a significant disadvantage
 because the local
importers/distributors typically have established relationships with the retail accounts and are able to provide extensive customer
service
 in store merchandising and on premise promotions. Also
 even though we must compensate our wholesalers and distributors
in each market in which we sell our brands
 we are
 as a result of using these distributors
 still able to benefit from substantially
lower infrastructure costs and centralized billing and collection.


Great Britain
 Northern Ireland
 Germany
 Canada
 Israel
 Bulgaria
 France
 Finland
 Norway
 Sweden
 Denmark
 China and the Duty
Free markets. We also have sales in other countries in continental Europe
 Latin America
 the Caribbean and Asia. For fiscal 2015
non-U.S. sales represented approximately 13.8% of our revenues. See note 16 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements.


    
    





 Southern Wine
and Spirits and related entities
 accounted for approximately 29.7% of our consolidated revenues for fiscal 2015.




in the U.S.
 our primary market
 international markets hold potential for future growth and are part of our global strategy.


20 people
 including six regional U.S. vice presidents with an average of over 17&nbsp;years of industry experience with premium
beverage alcohol brands.


day-to-day management of our distributors
 which includes setting quotas
 coordinating promotional plans for our brands
 maintaining
adequate levels of stock
 brand education and training and sales calls with distributor personnel. Our sales team also maintains
relationships with key retail customers through independent sales calls. They also schedule promotional events
 create local brand
promotion plans
 host in-store tastings where permitted and provide wait staff and bartender training and education for our brands.

Advertising
 marketing and promotion


 we must effectively
communicate with three distinct audiences: our distributors
 the retail trade and the end consumer. Advertising
 marketing and
promotional activities help to establish and reinforce the image of our brands in our efforts to build substantial brand value.
We believe our execution of disciplined and strategic branding and marketing campaigns will continue to drive our future sales.


 in-house marketing
sales and customer service personnel who work together with third party design and advertising firms to maintain a high degree
of focus on each of our product categories and build brand awareness through innovative marketing activities. We use a range of
marketing strategies and tactics to build brand equity and increase sales
 including consumer and trade advertising
 price promotions
point-of-sale materials
 event sponsorship
 in-store and on-premise promotions and public relations
 as well as a variety of other
traditional and non-traditional marketing techniques
 including social media marketing
 to support our brands.


 we also
employ three other marketing methods to support our brands: public relations
 event sponsorships and tastings. Our significant
U.S. public relations efforts have helped gain editorial coverage for our brands
 which increases brand awareness. Event sponsorship
is an economical way for us to have influential consumers taste our brands. We actively contribute product to trend-setting events
where our brand has exclusivity in the brand category. We also conduct hundreds of in-store and on-premise promotions each year.


with an assortment of point-of-sale materials. The combination of trade and consumer programs
 supported by attractive point-of-sale
materials
 also establishes greater credibility for us with our distributors and retailers. &nbsp;




and established spirits brand owners seeking opportunities to increase their sales beyond their home markets and achieve global
growth. This ability is a key component of our growth strategy and one of our competitive strengths. Our original relationship
with the Boru vodka brand was as its exclusive U.S. distributor. To date
 we have also established strategic relationships for
Gosling&rsquo;s rums
 Pallini liqueurs
 Celtic Honey liqueur
 Tierras tequilas and Gozio amaretto
 as described below
 and we intend
to seek to expand our brand portfolio through similar future arrangements.

Gosling-Castle Partners Inc./Gosling&rsquo;s rums and
ginger beer


 we entered into an exclusive national
distribution agreement with Gosling&rsquo;s Export for the Gosling&rsquo;s rum products. We subsequently purchased a 60% controlling
interest in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc.
 a strategic export venture with the Gosling family. Gosling's Export holds the exclusive
distribution rights for Gosling&rsquo;s rum and related products on a worldwide basis (other than in Bermuda)
 through Gosling-Castle
Partners
 and assigned to Gosling-Castle Partners all of Gosling&rsquo;s Export&rsquo;s interest in our January&nbsp;2005 U.S.
distribution agreement with them. The export agreement expires in April 2020
 subject to a 15&nbsp;year extension if certain case
sale targets are met. Under the export agreement
 Gosling-Castle Partners is generally entitled to a share of the proceeds from
the sale
 if ever
 of the ownership of any of the Gosling&rsquo;s brands to a third-party
 through a sale of the stock of Gosling&rsquo;s
Export or its parent
 with the size of such share depending upon the number of case sales made during the twelve months preceding
the sale. Also
 prior to selling the ownership of any of their brands that are subject to these agreements
 Gosling&rsquo;s Export
must first offer such brand to Gosling-Castle Partners and then to us. The Goslings
 through Gosling&rsquo;s Brothers Limited
have the right to act as the sole supplier to Gosling-Castle Partners for our Gosling&rsquo;s rum requirements.




 exclusive marketing
and distribution agreement with Pallini under which we distribute Pallini Limoncello
 Peachcello and Raspicello liqueurs in the
U.S. We began shipping these products in September&nbsp;2005.


    
    



March 31
 2016
 subject to successive five-year renewals unless either party delivers a notice of non-renewal six months
prior to the end of the term. Under the agreement
 if minimum volume targets are not achieved and not cured
 Pallini has the
right to terminate the agreement without payment of termination fees to us. However
 if such targets are met
 we have the
right under the agreement to receive certain termination payments and other payments upon the non-renewal of the agreement
certain terminations of the agreement or the sale of the brand. The exclusive territory under the agreement is the 50 states
of the U.S. and the District of Columbia.




 we entered into
an importation and marketing agreement with Autentica Tequilera S.A. de C.V.
 under which we became the exclusive U.S. importer
of Tierras. In February 2013
 the agreement renewed for an additional five years in accordance with its terms. During the term
we have the right to purchase tequila at stipulated prices. Autentica Tequilera must maintain certain standards for its products
and we have input into the product and packaging. We are required to prepare periodic reports detailing the development of the
brand&rsquo;s sales. Under this agreement
 we have rights of first refusal for any new market for Tierras (except Mexico)
 and
any new Autentica Tequilera products in any market (except Mexico). We also have a right of first refusal on any sale of the Tierras
brand
 and a right to acquire up to 35% of the economic benefit of any such sale with a third-party based upon the achievement
of certain cumulative sales targets.




 we entered into an exclusive
distribution agreement with Distillerie Franciacorta Spa under which we are the exclusive distributor of Gozio amaretto in the
U.S. The agreement has a five-year term
 with automatic five-year renewals based upon sales targets. During the term
 we have the
right to purchase Gozio amaretto at stipulated prices and Distillerie Franciacorta Spa must maintain certain standards for its
products. We are required to prepare periodic reports detailing the development of the brand&rsquo;s sales and prepare annual strategic
marketing and growth plans.




business. We sell our products under a number of trademarks
 which we own or use under license. Our brands are protected by trademark
registrations or are the subject of pending applications for trademark registration in the U.S.
 the European Community and most
other countries where we distribute
 or plan to distribute
 our brands. The trademarks may be registered in the names of our subsidiaries
and related companies. Generally
 the term of a trademark registration varies from country to country
 and
 in the U.S.
 trademark
registrations need to be renewed every ten years. We expect to register our trademarks in additional markets as we expand our distribution
territories.


for brands owned by third parties
 such as the Gosling&rsquo;s rums
 the Pallini liqueurs
 Tierras tequilas and Gozio amaretto.
The Gosling&rsquo;s rum brands
 Pallini liqueurs and Gozio amaretto are registered by their respective owners and we have the exclusive
right to distribute the Gosling&rsquo;s rums on a worldwide basis (other than in Bermuda) and the Pallini liqueur brands and Gozio
amaretto in the U.S. Gosling&rsquo;s also has a trademark for their signature rum cocktail
 Dark &lsquo;n Stormy. Autentica Tequiliera
holds the registered U.S. trademark for Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco and its distinctive label. See &ldquo;Strategic brand-partner
relationships.&rdquo;




with peak retail sales generally occurring in the fourth calendar quarter (our third fiscal quarter) primarily due to seasonal
holiday buying. Historically
 this holiday demand typically resulted in slightly higher sales for us in our second and/or third
fiscal quarters. However
 the growth of Gosling&rsquo;s rums in recent years has led to improved fourth fiscal quarter revenues.




competitive. We believe that we compete on the basis of quality
 price
 brand recognition and distribution strength. Our premium
brands compete with other alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages for consumer purchases
 retail shelf space
 restaurant presence
and wholesaler attention. We compete with numerous multinational producers and distributors of beverage alcohol products
 many
of which have greater resources than us.


 the U.S. wine
and spirits industry has undergone dramatic consolidation and realignment of brands and brand ownership. The number of major importers
in the U.S. has declined significantly. Today there are eight major companies: Diageo PLC
 Pernod Ricard S.A.
 Bacardi Limited
Brown-Forman Corporation
 Beam Suntory Inc.
 Davide Campari Milano-S.p.A.
 Remy Cointreau S.A. and LVMH Mo&euml;t Hennessy Louis
Vuitton S.A.


position to partner with small to mid-size brands than the major importers. Despite our relative capital position and resources
we have been able to compete with these larger companies in pursuing agency distribution agreements and acquiring brands by being
more responsive to private and family-owned brands
 offering flexible transaction structures and providing brand owners the option
to retain local production and &ldquo;home&rdquo; market sales. Given our size relative to our major competitors
 most of which
have multi-billion dollar operations
 we believe that we can provide greater focus on smaller brands and tailor transaction structures
based on individual brand owner preferences. However
 our relative capital position and resources may limit our marketing capabilities
limit our ability to expand into new markets and limit our negotiating ability with our distributors.


    
    



segments of the market
 which typically have higher margins
 and having an established
 experienced sales force
 we believe we
are able to gain relatively significant attention from our distributors for a company of our size. Our U.S. regional vice presidents
who average over 17&nbsp;years of industry experience
 provide long-standing relationships with distributor personnel and with
their major customers. Finally
 the continued consolidation among the major companies is expected to create an opportunity for
small to mid-size wine and spirits companies
 such as ourselves
 as the major companies contract their portfolios to focus on fewer
brands.




Federal Alcohol Administration Act
 U.S. Customs Laws
 Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 and the Alcoholic Beverage Control Laws of
all fifty states.


and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau regulates the production
 blending
 bottling
 sales and advertising and transportation of alcohol
products. Also
 each state regulates the advertising
 promotion
 transportation
 sale and distribution of alcohol products within
its jurisdiction. We are also required to conduct business in the U.S. only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
distribute and sell spirits.


 we are subject to similar regulations
related to the production of spirits.


on the advertising
 marketing and sale of beverage alcohol. These regulations range from a complete prohibition of the marketing
of alcohol in some countries to restrictions on the advertising style
 media and messages used.


many markets
 varying from health warning labels to importer identification
 alcohol strength and other consumer information. All
beverage alcohol products sold in the U.S. must include warning statements related to risks of drinking beverage alcohol products.


requirements regarding minimum aging of spirits.


 the state liquor
commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for sale in their respective
states. Products are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally made available to new products
only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Consumers may purchase products not selected for listings only through special
orders
 if at all.


is also subject to extensive federal and state taxation in the U.S. and internationally. Most foreign countries in which we do
business impose excise duties on wines and distilled spirits
 although the form of such taxation varies from a simple application
on units of alcohol by volume to intricate systems based on the imported or wholesale value of the product. Several countries impose
additional import duty on distilled spirits
 often discriminating between categories in the rate of such tariffs. Import and excise
duties may have a significant effect on our sales
 both through reducing the consumption of alcohol and through encouraging consumer
switching into lower-taxed categories of alcohol.


with applicable federal
 state and other regulations. However
 we operate in a highly regulated industry which may be subject to
more stringent interpretations of existing regulations. Future compliance costs due to regulatory changes could be significant.


produced primarily outside the U.S.
 adverse effects of regulatory changes are more likely to materially affect earnings and our
competitive market position rather than capital expenditures. Capital expenditures in our industry are normally associated with
either production facilities or brand acquisition costs. Because we are not a U.S. producer
 changes in regulations affecting production
facility operations may indirectly affect the costs of the brands we purchase for resale
 but we would not anticipate any resulting
material adverse impact upon our capital expenditures.


brands dominate our industry. The adoption of more restrictive marketing and sales regulations or increased excise taxes and customs
duties could materially adversely affect our earnings and competitive industry position. Large international conglomerates have
greater financial resources than we do and would be better able to absorb increased compliance costs.




 2015
 we had 51 full-time
employees
 32 of which were in sales and marketing and 19 of which were in management
 finance and administration. We had 45 full-time
employees as of March 31
 2014. As of March 31
 2015
 48 of our employees were located in the U.S. and three were located in Ireland.


    
    





beverage alcohol. Our product categories are rum and related products
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka and tequila. We report our operations
in two geographical areas: International and U.S. See note 16 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements.




 which was
incorporated in 2009. We are the successor to a Delaware corporation
 which was incorporated in Delaware in 2003.




 including our annual
reports on Form 10-K
 our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 our current reports on Form 8-K
 our proxy statements and reports filed
by our officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and any amendments to those
filings
 are available
 free of charge
 on our investor website
 
 as soon as reasonably
practicable after we or our officers and directors electronically file or furnish such material with the SEC. You may also find
our code of business conduct
 nominating and corporate governance committee charter and audit committee charter on our website.
We do not intend for information contained in our website
 or those of our subsidiaries
 to be a part of this annual report on
Form 10-K. Shareholders may request paper copies of these filings and corporate governance documents
 without charge
 by written
request to Castle Brands Inc.
 122 East 42nd St.
 Suite&nbsp;4700
 New York
 NY 10168
 Attn: Investor Relations.&nbsp;


 you may read and copy any materials
we file with the SEC at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE.
 Washington
 DC 20549
 on official business
days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 proxy and information
statements
 and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.





We have never been profitable
 and believe we will continue
to incur net losses for the foreseeable future.


including a net loss of $3.8&nbsp;million for fiscal 2015
 and had an accumulated loss of $143.4 million as of March 31
 2015.
We believe that we will continue to incur net losses as we expect to make continued significant investment in product development
and sales and marketing and to incur significant administrative expenses as we seek to grow our brands. We also anticipate that
our cash needs will exceed our income from sales for the near future. Some of our products may never achieve widespread market
acceptance and may not generate sales and profits to justify our investment. Also
 we may find that our expansion plans are more
costly than we anticipate and that they do not ultimately result in commensurate increases in our sales
 which would further increase
our losses. We expect we will continue to experience losses and negative cash flow
 some of which could be significant. Results
of operations will depend upon numerous factors
 some of which are beyond our control
 including market acceptance of our products
new product introductions and competition. We incur substantial operating expenses at the corporate level
 including costs directly
related to being an SEC reporting company.

Recent worldwide and domestic economic trends and financial
market conditions could adversely impact our financial performance.


experienced adverse conditions and may be subject to further deterioration for the foreseeable future. We are subject to risks
associated with these adverse conditions
 including economic slowdown and the disruption
 volatility and tightening of credit and
capital markets.


impact our major suppliers
 distributors and retailers. The inability of suppliers
 distributors or retailers to conduct business
or to access liquidity could impact our ability to distribute our products.


will improve in the near future. A prolonged downturn
 further worsening or broadening of the adverse conditions in the worldwide
and domestic economies could affect consumer spending patterns and purchases of our products
 and create or exacerbate credit issues
cash flow issues and other financial hardships for us and for our suppliers
 distributors
 retailers and consumers. Depending upon
their severity and duration
 these conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business
 liquidity
 financial condition
and results of operations.

We may require additional capital
 which we may not be able
to obtain on acceptable terms
 or at all.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our inability to raise such capital
 as needed
 on beneficial terms or at
all could restrict our future growth and severely limit our operations.


    
    



companies in our industry.&nbsp;&nbsp;This may limit our operations and growth
 including our ability to continue to develop existing
brands
 service our debt obligations
 maintain adequate inventory levels
 fund potential acquisitions of new brands
 penetrate
new markets
 attract new customers and enter into new distribution relationships. If we have not generated sufficient cash from
operations to finance additional capital needs
 we will need to raise additional funds through private or public equity and/or
debt financing. We cannot assure you that
 if and when needed
 additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms
or at all. If additional capital is needed and either unavailable or cost prohibitive
 our operations and growth may be limited
as we may need to change our business strategy to slow the rate of
 or eliminate
 our expansion or reduce or curtail our operations.
Also
 any additional financing we undertake could impose covenants upon us that restrict our operating flexibility
 and
 if we
issue equity securities to raise capital our existing shareholders may experience dilution and the new securities may have rights
preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock.

If our brands do not achieve more widespread consumer acceptance
our growth may be limited.


cycle and have not achieved extensive brand recognition. Also
 brands we may acquire in the future are unlikely to have established
extensive brand recognition. Accordingly
 if consumers do not accept our brands
 we will not be able to penetrate our markets and
our growth may be limited.

We depend on a limited number of suppliers. Failure to obtain
satisfactory performance from our suppliers or loss of our existing suppliers could cause us to lose sales
 incur additional costs
and lose credibility in the marketplace. We also have annual purchase obligations with certain suppliers.


suppliers for the sourcing of all of our products
 including both our own proprietary brands and those we distribute for others.
These suppliers consist of third-party distillers
 bottlers and producers in the U.S.
 Bermuda
 the Caribbean
 Australia and Europe.
We rely on the owners of Gosling&rsquo;s rum
 Pallini liqueurs
 Gozio amaretto and Tierras tequila to produce their brands for
us. For our proprietary products
 we may rely on a single supplier to fulfill one or all of the manufacturing functions for a brand.
For instance
 Cargill is the sole producer for Boru vodka; IDL is the sole provider of our single malt
 blended and grain Irish
whiskeys; Gaelic Heritage Corporation Limited is the sole producer of our Celtic Honey Irish liqueur; Terra Limited is not only
the sole producer of our Brady&rsquo;s Irish Cream liqueur but also the only bottler of our Irish whiskeys; and Polar is the sole
producer of our Gosling&rsquo;s Stormy Ginger Beer. We do not have long-term written agreements with all of our suppliers. We do
not currently have a long-term source for supply of aged bourbon or rye and there can be no assurance we can source adequate amounts
of aged bourbon or rye at satisfactory prices
 or at all. Also
 if we fail to complete purchases of products ordered annually
certain suppliers have the right to bill us for product not purchased during the period. The termination of our written or oral
agreements or an adverse change in the terms of these agreements could have a negative impact on our business. If our suppliers
increase their prices
 we may not have alternative sources of supply and may not be able to raise the prices of our products to
cover all or even a portion of the increased costs. Also
 our suppliers&rsquo; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased
orders
 delays in shipments of products from suppliers or the loss of our existing suppliers
 especially our key suppliers
 could
cause us to fail to meet orders for our products
 lose sales
 incur additional costs and/or expose us to product quality issues.
In turn
 this could cause us to lose credibility in the marketplace and damage our relationships with distributors
 ultimately
leading to a decline in our business and results of operations. If we are not able to renegotiate these contracts on acceptable
terms or find suitable alternatives
 our business could be negatively impacted.

We depend on our independent wholesale distributors to distribute
our products. The failure or inability of even a few of our distributors to adequately distribute our products within their territories
could harm our sales and result in a decline in our results of operations.


distributors or
 in 17 states known as &ldquo;control states
&rdquo; state-owned agencies performing this function
 to sell our
products to retail outlets
 including liquor stores
 bars
 restaurants and national chains in the U.S. We have established relationships
for our brands with wholesale distributors in each state; however
 failure to maintain those relationships could significantly
and adversely affect our business
 sales and growth. Over the past decade there has been increasing consolidation
 both intrastate
and interstate
 among distributors. As a result
 many states now have only two or three significant distributors. Also
 there are
several distributors that now control distribution for several states. For the fiscal year ended March 31
 2015
 sales to one distributor
accounted for 29.7% of revenues. As a result
 if we fail to maintain good relations with a distributor
 our products could in some
instances be frozen out of one or more markets entirely. The ultimate success of our products also depends in large part on our
distributors&rsquo; ability and desire to distribute our products to our desired U.S. target markets
 as we rely significantly
on them for product placement and retail store penetration. We have no formal distribution agreements or minimum sales requirements
with any of our distributors and they are under no obligation to place our products or market our brands. Moreover
 all of them
also distribute competitive brands and product lines. We cannot assure you that our U.S. alcohol distributors will continue to
purchase our products
 commit sufficient time and resources to promote and market our brands and product lines or that they can
or will sell them to our desired or targeted markets. If they do not
 our sales will be harmed
 resulting in a decline in our results
of operations.


do not require the use of independent distributors by law
 we have chosen to conduct our sales through distributors in all of our
markets and
 accordingly
 we face similar risks to those set forth above with respect to our international distribution. Some of
these international markets may have only a limited number of viable distributors.

If we are unable to identify and successfully acquire additional
brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio
 our growth could be limited
 and
 even if additional brands are acquired
we may not realize planned benefits due to integration difficulties or other operating issues.


    
    



acquisition of additional brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio through acquisitions of such brands or their
corporate owners
 directly or through mergers
 joint ventures
 long-term exclusive distribution arrangements and/or other strategic
relationships. If we are unable to identify suitable brand candidates and successfully execute our acquisition strategy
 our growth
could be limited. Also
 even if we are successful in acquiring additional brands
 we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability
levels that justify our investment in
 or realize operating and economic efficiencies or other planned benefits with respect to
those additional brands. The addition of new products or businesses entails numerous risks with respect to integration and other
operating issues
 any of which could have a detrimental effect on our results of operations and/or the value of our equity. These
risks include:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers
 distributors and retail customers;

    
    
    

    
    
    



 there are special risks associated
with the acquisition of additional brands through joint venture arrangements. We may not have a majority interest in
 or control
of
 future joint ventures in which we may enter. There is
 therefore
 risk that our joint venture partners may at any time have
economic
 business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our interests or goals or those of the joint venture.
There is also risk that our current or future joint venture partners may be unable to meet their economic or other obligations
and that we may be required to fulfill those obligations alone.


of additional brands will also be dependent upon the availability of capital to complete the necessary acquisition arrangements.
We intend to finance our brand acquisitions through a combination of our available cash resources
 third -party financing and
in appropriate circumstances
 the further issuance of equity and/or debt securities; however
 our ability to finance such acquisitions
may be limited by the terms of our other equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring additional brands could have a significant effect
on our financial position
 and could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating results. Also
 acquisitions
could result in the recording of significant goodwill and intangible assets on our financial statements
 the amortization or impairment
of which would reduce reported earnings in subsequent years.

Currency exchange rate fluctuations and devaluations may
have a significant adverse effect on our revenues
 sales
 costs of goods and overall financial results.


 non-U.S. operations accounted
for approximately 13.8% of our revenues. Therefore
 gains and losses on the conversion of foreign payments into U.S. dollars could
cause fluctuations in our results of operations
 and fluctuating exchange rates could cause reduced revenues and/or gross margins
from non-U.S. dollar-denominated international sales and inventory purchases. Also
 for fiscal 2015
 Euro denominated sales accounted
for approximately 9.1% of our total revenue
 so a substantial change in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and the Euro
could have a significant adverse effect on our financial results. Our ability to acquire spirits and produce and sell our products
at favorable prices will also depend in part on the relative strength of the U.S. dollar. We do not currently hedge against these
risks.

We must maintain a relatively large inventory of our products
to support customer delivery requirements
 and if this inventory is lost due to theft
 fire or other damage or becomes obsolete
our results of operations would be negatively impacted.


to meet customer delivery requirements for our products. We are always at risk of loss of that inventory due to theft
 fire or
other damage
 and any such loss
 whether insured against or not
 could cause us to fail to meet our orders and harm our sales and
operating results. Also
 our inventory may become obsolete as we introduce new products
 cease to produce old products or modify
the design of our products&rsquo; packaging
 which would increase our operating losses and negatively impact our results of operations.

Either our or our strategic partners&rsquo; failure
to protect our respective intellectual property rights could compromise our competitive position and decrease the value of
our brand portfolio.


part on our
 and with respect to our agency or joint venture brands
 our strategic partners&rsquo;
 ability to develop
favorable consumer recognition of our brands and trademarks. Although both we and our strategic partners actively apply for
intellectual property registrations of our brands and trademarks
 they could be imitated in ways that we cannot prevent.
Also
 we rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how
 concepts and formulas. We cannot be certain that the steps taken to
protect these intellectual property rights will be sufficient to protect these rights. Our business could be adversely
affected by the material infringement of such intellectual property rights. We are also subject to risks and costs associated
with the enforcement of our and our partners&rsquo; intellectual property rights. Moreover
 we may face claims
of misappropriation or infringement of third parties&rsquo; rights that could interfere with our use of this
information. Defending these claims may be costly and
 if unsuccessful
 may prevent us from continuing to use this
proprietary information in the future and result in a judgment or monetary damages being levied against us. We do not
maintain non-competition agreements with all of our key personnel or with some of our key suppliers. If competitors
independently develop or otherwise obtain access to our or our strategic partners&rsquo; trade secrets
 proprietary know-how
or recipes
 the appeal
 and thus the value
 of our brand portfolio could be reduced
 negatively impacting our financial
results and ability to develop our business.

A failure of one or more of our key
information technology systems
 networks
 processes
 associated sites or service providers
 including as a result of evolving
cyber security and other technological risks
 could have a material adverse impact on our business.


    
    



systems
 networks
 and services
 including internet sites
 data hosting and processing facilities and tools
 hardware (including
laptops and mobile devices)
 software and technical applications and platforms
 some of which are managed
 hosted
 provided and/or
used by third-parties or their vendors
 to assist us in the management of our business. The various uses of these IT systems
 networks
and services include
 but are not limited to: hosting our internal network and communication systems; ordering and managing materials
from suppliers; supply/demand planning; production; shipping product to customers; hosting our branded websites and marketing products
to consumers; collecting and storing customer
 consumer
 employee
 investor
 and other data; processing transactions; summarizing
and reporting results of operations; hosting
 processing
 and sharing confidential and proprietary research
 business plans
 and
financial information; complying with regulatory
 legal or tax requirements; providing data security; and handling other processes
necessary to manage our business.


and more sophisticated cyber crime pose a potential risk to the security of our IT systems
 networks
 and services
 as well
as the confidentiality
 availability
 and integrity of our data. If the IT systems
 networks
 or service providers we rely
upon fail to function properly
 or if we suffer a loss or disclosure of business or other sensitive information
 due to any
number of causes
 ranging from catastrophic events to power outages to security breaches
 and our business continuity plans
do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis
 we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations
and reputational
 competitive and/or business harm
 which may adversely affect our business operations and/or
financial condition. In addition
 such events could result in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information
and we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential information belonging to
us or to our partners
 our employees
 customers
 suppliers or consumers. In any of these events
 we could also be required to
spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace
networks and IT systems. The trend toward public notifications of such incidents could exacerbate the harm to our business
operations or financial condition.

Our failure to attract or retain key executive or employee
talent could adversely affect our business.


abilities of our senior management team
 other key employees
 and a high-quality employee base
 as well as our ability to attract
motivate
 reward
 and retain them. We do not maintain and do not intend to obtain key man insurance on the life of any executive
or employee. Difficulties in hiring or retaining key executive or employee talent
 or the unexpected loss of experienced employees
could have an adverse impact on our business performance. In addition
 we could experience business disruption and/or increased
costs related to organizational changes
 reductions in workforce
 or other cost-cutting measures.

The sales of our products could decrease significantly if
we cannot maintain listings in the control states.


 the state liquor
commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for sale in their respective
states. Products selected for listing must generally reach certain volumes and/or profit levels to maintain their listings. Products
are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally made available to new products only at periodically
scheduled listing interviews. Products not selected for listings can only be purchased by consumers in the applicable control state
through special orders
 if at all. If
 in the future
 we are unable to maintain our current listings in the control states
 or
secure and maintain listings in those states for any additional products we may acquire
 sales of our products could decrease significantly.

An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other
acquired intangible assets could negatively affect our operating results and shareholders&rsquo; equity.


the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date
 net of any cumulative
impairments. The carrying value of other intangible assets represents the fair value of trademarks
 trade names and other acquired
intangible assets as of the acquisition date
 net of impairments and accumulated amortization. Goodwill and other acquired intangible
assets expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized
 but must be evaluated for impairment by our management
at least annually. If carrying value exceeds current fair value as determined based on the discounted future cash flows of the
related business
 the intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. If
the value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets is impaired
 our earnings and shareholders&rsquo; equity could be adversely
affected.



Demand for our products may be adversely affected by many
factors
 including changes in consumer preferences and trends.


variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends
 public health initiatives
 product innovations
 changes
in vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
 which may reduce consumers&rsquo; willingness to
purchase distilled spirits or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward beer
 wine or non-alcoholic beverages. Our success depends
in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful
new products and product innovations.


    
    


Our business performance is substantially dependent upon
the continued growth of rum and whiskey sales.


on rum and whiskey sales. Changes in consumer preferences regarding these categories of beverage alcohol products may have an adverse
effect on our sales and financial condition. Given the importance of our rum and whiskey brands to our overall Company success
a significant or sustained decline in volume or selling price of these products would likely have a negative effect on our growth
and our stock price. Additionally
 should we not be successful in our efforts to maintain and increase the relevance of the brands
in the minds of today&rsquo;s and tomorrow&rsquo;s consumer
 our business and operating results could suffer.

We face substantial competition in our industry and many
factors may prevent us from competing successfully.


and quality
 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences. The global spirits industry
is highly competitive and is dominated by several large
 well-funded international companies. It is possible that our competitors
may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively or resort to price competition to sustain
market share
 which could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

Adverse public opinion about alcohol could reduce demand
for our products.


 in the past
advocated successfully for more stringent labeling requirements
 higher taxes and other regulations designed to discourage alcohol
consumption. More restrictive regulations
 negative publicity regarding alcohol consumption and/or changes in consumer perceptions
of the relative healthfulness or safety of beverage alcohol could decrease sales and consumption of alcohol and thus the demand
for our products. This could
 in turn
 significantly decrease both our revenues and our revenue growth
 causing a decline in our
results of operations.

Class action or other litigation relating to alcohol abuse
or the misuse of alcohol could adversely affect our business.


action or similar litigation alleging that the continued excessive use or abuse of beverage alcohol has caused death or serious
health problems. It is also possible that governments could assert that the use of alcohol has significantly increased government
funded health care costs. Litigation or assertions of this type have adversely affected companies in the tobacco industry
 and
it is possible that we
 as well as our suppliers
 could be named in litigation of this type.


 lawsuits have been brought in a number
of states alleging that beverage alcohol manufacturers and marketers have improperly targeted underage consumers in their advertising.
Plaintiffs in these cases allege that the defendants&rsquo; advertisements
 marketing and promotions violate the consumer protection
or deceptive trade practices statutes in each of these states and seek repayment of the family funds expended by the underage consumers.
While we have not been named in these lawsuits
 we could be named in similar lawsuits in the future. Any class action or other
litigation asserted against us could be expensive and time-consuming to defend against
 depleting our cash and diverting our personnel
resources and
 if the plaintiffs in such actions were to prevail
 our business could be harmed significantly.

Regulatory decisions and legal
 regulatory and tax changes
could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs and reduce our margins.


in all of the countries in which we operate. This may include regulations regarding production
 distribution
 marketing
 advertising
and labeling of beverage alcohol products. We are required to comply with these regulations and to maintain various permits and
licenses. We are also required to conduct business only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
 distribute and
sell beverage alcohol products. We cannot assure you that these and other governmental regulations applicable to our industry will
not change or become more stringent. Moreover
 because these laws and regulations are subject to interpretation
 we may not be
able to predict when and to what extent liability may arise. Additionally
 due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related
societal problems
 including driving while intoxicated
 underage drinking
 alcoholism and health consequences from the abuse of
alcohol
 various levels of government may seek to impose additional restrictions or limits on advertising or other marketing activities
promoting beverage alcohol products. Failure to comply with any of the current or future regulations and requirements relating
to our industry and products could result in monetary penalties
 suspension or even revocation of our licenses and permits. Costs
of compliance with changes in regulations could be significant and could harm our business
 as we could find it necessary to raise
our prices in order to maintain profit margins
 which could lower the demand for our products and reduce our sales and profit potential.


 the distribution of beverage alcohol
products is subject to extensive taxation both in the U.S. and internationally (and
 in the U.S.
 at both the federal and state
government levels)
 and beverage alcohol products themselves are the subject of national import and excise duties in most countries
around the world. An increase in taxation or in import or excise duties could also significantly harm our sales revenue and margins
both through the reduction of overall consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories of beverage
alcohol.

We could face product liability or other related liabilities
that increase our costs of operations and harm our reputation.


and will attempt to limit contractually our liability for damages arising from our products
 these measures may not be sufficient
for us to successfully avoid or limit liability. Our product liability insurance coverage is limited to $1.0&nbsp;million per occurrence
and $2.0&nbsp;million in the aggregate and our general liability umbrella policy is capped at $10.0&nbsp;million. Further
 any
contractual indemnification and insurance coverage we have from parties supplying our products is limited
 as a practical matter
to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insured limits of any insurance provided by these suppliers. In any event
extensive product liability claims could be costly to defend and/or costly to resolve and could harm our reputation.


    
    


Contamination of our products and/or counterfeit or confusingly
similar products could harm the image and integrity of
 or decrease customer support for
 our brands and decrease our sales.


the positive image that consumers have of them. Contamination
 whether arising accidentally or through deliberate third-party action
or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands
 could affect the demand for our products. Contaminants
in raw materials purchased from third parties and used in the production of our products or defects in the distillation and fermentation
processes could lead to low beverage quality as well as illness among
 or injury to
 consumers of our products and could result
in reduced sales of the affected brand or all of our brands. Also
 to the extent that third parties sell products that are either
counterfeit versions of our brands or brands that look like our brands
 consumers of our brands could confuse our products with
products that they consider inferior. This could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands in the future and in turn could
impair our brand equity and adversely affect our sales and operations.



We may not be able to maintain our listing on the NYSE MKT
which may limit the ability of our shareholders to sell their common stock.


listing criteria
 we may be delisted and trading of our common stock could be conducted in the OTC Bulletin Board or the interdealer
quotation systems of the OTC Markets Group Inc. In such case
 a shareholder likely would find it more difficult to trade our common
stock or to obtain accurate market quotations for it. If our common stock is delisted
 it will become subject to the Securities
and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock rules
&rdquo; which impose sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that
sell that common stock to persons other than established customers and &ldquo;accredited investors.&rdquo; Application of this
rule could make broker-dealers unable or unwilling to sell our common stock and limit the ability of shareholders to sell their
common stock in the secondary market.

Our executive officers
 directors and principal shareholders
own a substantial percentage of our voting stock
 which allows them to significantly influence matters requiring shareholder approval.
They could make business decisions for us that cause our stock price to decline.


 2015
 our executive officers
directors and principal shareholders beneficially owned approximately 44% of our common stock
 including options that are exercisable
within 60&nbsp;days of the date of this annual report and assuming full exercise of such options and conversion of our 5% October
2013 Convertible notes held by such persons. As a result
 if they act in concert
 they could significantly influence matters requiring
approval by our shareholders
 including the election of directors
 and could have the ability to prevent or cause a corporate transaction
even if other shareholders oppose such action. This concentration of voting power could also have the effect of delaying
 deterring
or preventing a change of control or other business combination
 which could cause our stock price to decline.

Provisions in our articles of incorporation
 our bylaws and
Florida law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us
 discourage a takeover and adversely affect existing shareholders.


 our bylaws
and the Florida Business Corporation Act contain provisions that may have the effect of making more difficult
 delaying
 or deterring
attempts by others to obtain control of our company
 even when these attempts may be in the best interests of our shareholders.
These include provisions limiting the shareholders&rsquo; powers to remove directors. Our articles of incorporation also authorize
our board of directors
 without shareholder approval
 to issue one or more series of preferred stock
 which could have voting and
conversion rights that adversely affect or dilute the voting power of the holders of our common stock. Florida law also imposes
conditions on certain &quot;affiliated transactions&rdquo; with &ldquo;interested shareholders.&rdquo;


be adopted in the future could deter unsolicited takeovers or delay or prevent changes in our control or management
 including
transactions in which shareholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. These provisions
may also limit the ability of shareholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests.

Negative publicity could affect our stock price and business
performance.


company
 brands
 marketing
 personnel
 operations
 business performance
 or prospects could negatively affect our corporate reputation
stock price
 ability to attract high quality talent
 and/or the performance of our business
 regardless of its accuracy or inaccuracy.
Adverse publicity or negative commentary on social media outlets could cause consumers to avoid our brands and/or choose brands
offered by our competitors
 which could negatively affect our financial results.






    
    





York
 NY
 where we lease approximately 4
800 square feet of office space under a lease that expires in April&nbsp;2016. We also
lease approximately 750 square feet of office space in Dublin
 Ireland under a lease that expires in October&nbsp;2016 and approximately
1
700 square feet of office space in Houston
 TX under a lease that expires in June 2018.




wholly-owned subsidiaries is currently subject to litigation which
 in the opinion of our management
 is likely to have a material
adverse effect on us.


 however
 become involved in litigation
from time to time relating to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. These claims
 even if not meritorious
 could
result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources.







Item&nbsp;5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




under the symbol &ldquo;ROX.&rdquo; The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices for our common stock for the periods
specified.




    
    
    


 2014)
    
    

    
 2014)
    
    

    
 2014)
    
    

    
 2015)
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
 2013)
    
    

    
 2013)
    
    

    
 2013)
    
    

    
 2014)
    
    






 2015
 there were approximately
200 record holders of our common stock.




in fiscal 2015 or 2014 and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends with respect to our common stock in the foreseeable future.
We currently intend to retain any earnings for use in the operation of our business and to fund future growth. Any future determination
to pay cash dividends will be at our board&rsquo;s discretion and will depend upon our financial condition
 operating results
capital requirements and such other factors as our board deems relevant. Further
 our ability to declare and pay cash dividends
is restricted by certain covenants in our loan agreements.




at March 31
 2015 regarding compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance.


    
    



    
options
warrants

options
&nbsp;warrants

    

    
12
108
188
    
7
221
000

    
    
    
    

    
12
108
188
    
7
221
000





company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item.

Item&nbsp;7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations




Brands into a profitable international spirits company
 with a distinctive portfolio of premium and super premium spirits brands.
To achieve this
 we continue to seek to:



    
    
 We continue to focus our distribution efforts
 sales expertise and targeted marketing activities on our more profitable brands and markets;

    
    
 We believe that continued organic growth will enable us to achieve long-term profitability. We focus on brands that have profitable growth potential and staying power
 such as our rums and whiskies
 sales of which have grown approximately 46% over the past two fiscal years;

    
    
 We use our existing assets
 expertise and resources to build consumer awareness and market penetration for our brands;

    
    
    

    
    
 We intend to continue to introduce new brand extensions and expressions. For example
 we have leveraged our successful Jefferson&rsquo;s portfolio by introducing a number of brand extensions. We continue to explore strategic relationships
 joint ventures and acquisitions to selectively expand our premium spirits portfolio. We expect that future acquisitions or agency relations
 if any
 would involve some combination of cash
 debt and the issuance of our stock.








 we entered into an
Equity Distribution Agreement (the &quot;2014 Distribution Agreement&quot;) with Barrington Research Associates
 Inc.
(&quot;Barrington&quot;)
 as sales agent
 under which we may issue and sell over time and from time to time
 to or through
Barrington
 shares (the &quot;Shares&quot;) of our common stock
 $0.01 par value per share (&quot;Common Stock&quot;) having
a gross sales price of up to $10.0 million.


the 2014 Distribution Agreement may be effected by any method permitted by law deemed to be an &quot;at-the-market&quot;
offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 including without limitation directly on the NYSE
MKT LLC or any other existing trading market for the Common Stock or through a market maker
 up to the amount specified
and otherwise to or through Barrington in accordance with the placement notices delivered by the Company to Barrington.
Also
 with our prior consent
 some or all of the Shares issued pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement may be sold in
privately negotiated transactions.


 2014 and June
11
 2015
 we sold approximately 1.9 million Shares of Common Stock under the 2014 Distribution Agreement for gross proceeds
of approximately $3.1 million
 before deducting sales agent and offering expenses of approximately $0.1 million. We used
a portion of the proceeds to finance our investment in Copperhead Distillery Company as well as for general corporate
purposes.




 we purchased
approximately 20% of Copperhead Distillery Company (&ldquo;Copperhead&rdquo;) for $0.5 million. Copperhead owns and operates
the Kentucky Artisan Distillery. The investment is part of a wide-reaching agreement to build a new warehouse to store
Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons
 provide distilling capabilities using special mash-bills made from locally grown grains
 and
create a visitor center and store to enhance the consumer experience for the Jefferson&rsquo;s brand.


of a new warehouse in Crestwood
 Kentucky dedicated exclusively to Jefferson&rsquo;s. The warehouse will have the capacity to store
up to 10
000 barrels
 with room for expansion
 and will facilitate the continued growth of Jefferson&rsquo;s wood finishes and
barrel-aged cocktails.


 including
a tasting room and store
 which will showcase the Jefferson&rsquo;s brand is expected to open in the summer of 2015.




our products to our network of wholesale distributors or
 in control states
 state-operated agencies
 which
 in turn
 distribute
our products to retail outlets. In the U.S.
 our sales price per case includes excise tax and import duties
 which are also reflected
as a corresponding increase in our cost of sales. Most of our international sales are sold &ldquo;in bond&rdquo;
 with the excise
taxes paid by our customers upon shipment
 thereby resulting in lower relative revenue as well as a lower relative cost of sales
although some of our United Kingdom sales are sold &ldquo;tax paid&rdquo;
 as in the U.S. The difference between sales and net
sales principally reflects adjustments for various distributor incentives.


at which we sell our products
 our ability to control our cost of sales
 the relative mix of our case sales by brand and geography
and the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. Our cost of sales is principally driven by our cost of procurement
 bottling and
packaging
 which differs by brand
 as well as freight and warehousing costs. We purchase certain products
 such as Gosling&rsquo;s
rums and ginger beer
 Pallini liqueurs
 Gozio amaretto and Tierras tequila
 as finished goods. For other products
 such as Jefferson&rsquo;s
bourbons
 we purchase the components
 including the distilled spirits
 bottles and packaging materials
 and have arrangements with
third parties for bottling and packaging. Our U.S. sales typically have a higher absolute gross margin than in other markets
 as
sales prices per case are generally higher in the U.S.


and marketing expenditures and compensation paid to our marketing and sales personnel. Our selling expense
 as a percentage of
sales and per case
 is higher than that of our competitors because of our brand development costs
 level of marketing expenditures
and established sales force versus our relatively small base of case sales and sales volumes. However
 we believe that maintaining
an infrastructure capable of supporting future growth is the correct long-term approach for us.


selling expense to increase in the coming years
 we expect selling expense as a percentage of revenues and on a per case basis
to decline
 as our volumes expand and our sales team sells a larger number of brands.

    
    



to corporate and administrative functions that support our operations and includes administrative payroll
 occupancy and related
expenses and professional services. We expect general and administrative expense in fiscal 2016 to be higher than fiscal 2015 due
to costs associated with our status as an accelerated filer. However
 we expect our general and administrative expense as a percentage
of sales to decline due to economies of scale.


the U.S. and internationally over the next several years through organic growth
 and through the introduction of product line extensions
acquisitions and distribution agreements. We will seek to maintain liquidity and manage our working capital and overall capital
resources during this period of anticipated growth to achieve our long-term objectives
 although there is no assurance that we
will be able to do so.


trends will create growth opportunities for us
 including:



    
    
    

    
    
increased barriers to entry
 particularly in the U.S.
 due to continued consolidation and the difficulty in establishing an extensive distribution network
 such as the one we maintain; and

    
    
the trend by small private and family-owned spirits brand owners to partner with
 or be acquired by
 a company with global distribution. We expect to be an attractive alternative to our larger competitors for these brand owners as one of the few modestly-sized publicly-traded spirits companies.



with other brands
 acquiring smaller and emerging brands and growing existing brands. To identify potential partner and acquisition
candidates we plan to rely on our management&rsquo;s industry experience and our extensive network of industry contacts. We also
plan to maintain and grow our U.S. and international distribution channels so that we are more attractive to spirits companies
who are looking for a route to market for their products. We expect to compete for foreign and small private and family-owned spirits
brands by offering flexible and creative structures
 which present an alternative to the larger spirits companies.


through a combination of our available cash resources
 third party financing and
 in appropriate circumstances
 the further issuance
of equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring additional brands could have a significant effect on our financial position
 and could
cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating results. Also
 the pursuit of acquisitions and other new business
relationships may require significant management attention. We may not be able to successfully identify attractive acquisition
candidates
 obtain financing on favorable terms or complete these types of transactions in a timely manner and on terms acceptable
to us
 if at all.




regarding our spirits case sales for the periods presented based on nine-liter equivalent cases
 which is a standard spirits industry
metric (table excludes related non-alcoholic beverage products):&nbsp;



    
Year ended March 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
310
106
307
584

    
82
632
81
790

    
    
    

    
392
738
389
374

    
    
    

    
171
189
166
939

    
46
347
55
145

    
89
369
91
832

    
84
713
70
592

    
1
106
1
153

    
    
3
709

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
392
738
389
374

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



regarding our case sales of related non-alcoholic beverage products
 which primarily consists of Gosling&rsquo;s Stormy Ginger
Beer
 for the periods presented:



    
Year ended March 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
682
190
403
195

    
33
232
26
323

    
    
    

    
715
422
429
518

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





our reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 amounts of sales and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience and
other factors and circumstances. We believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable under the circumstances; however
 actual
results may differ from these estimates.


discussed below are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations in that they require our
most difficult
 subjective or complex judgments and form the basis for the accounting policies deemed to be most critical to our
operations.




when the product is shipped to a customer (generally a distributor)
 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer under the
terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination) and collection is reasonably assured. We do not offer a right of return but
will accept returns if we shipped the wrong product or wrong quantity. Revenue is not recognized on shipments to control states
in the U.S. until such time as the product is sold through to the retail channel.




net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect any loss anticipated
on the trade accounts receivable balances and charged to the allowance for doubtful accounts. We calculate this allowance based
on our history of write-offs
 level of past due accounts based on contractual terms of the receivables and our relationships with
and economic status of
 our customers.




 which consists of distilled
spirits
 non-beverage alcohol products
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 cans
 labels and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
is valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. We assess the valuation of our inventories and
reduce the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of our forecasted usage to their estimated realizable
value. We estimate the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
historical usage
 future demand and market requirements. Reduction to the carrying value of inventories is recorded in cost of
goods sold.


    
    





 2015 and 2014
 we recorded
$0.5 million of goodwill that arose from acquisitions. Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price and related costs over
the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Intangible assets with indefinite
lives consist primarily of rights
 trademarks
 trade names and formulations. We are required to analyze our goodwill and other
intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment on an annual basis as well as when events and circumstances indicate that
an impairment may have occurred. Certain factors that may occur and indicate that an impairment exists include
 but are not limited
to
 operating results that are lower than expected and adverse industry or market economic trends. We evaluate the recoverability
of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets using a two-step impairment test approach at the reporting unit level. In the
first step the fair value for the reporting unit is compared to its book value including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting
unit is less than the book value
 a second step is performed which compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit&rsquo;s
goodwill to the book value of the goodwill. The fair value for the goodwill is determined based on the difference between the fair
values of the reporting units and the net fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of such reporting units. If the
fair value of the goodwill is less than the book value
 the difference is recognized as an impairment.


determined at each of March 31
 2015 and 2014 by weighting a combination of the present value of our discounted anticipated future
operating cash flows and values based on market multiples of revenue and earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization
(&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;) of comparable companies. We did not record any impairment on goodwill or other intangible assets for fiscal
2015 or 2014.


lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives to the estimated residual values and reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We are required to amortize intangible
assets with estimable useful lives over their respective estimated useful lives to the estimated residual values and to review
intangible assets with estimable useful lives for impairment in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;)
Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 310
 &ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets.&rdquo;&nbsp;




regarding stock-based compensation
 which requires all share-based payments
 including grants of stock options
 to be recognized
in the income statement as an operating expense
 based on their fair values on the grant date. Stock-based compensation was $0.8
million and $0.4 million for fiscal 2015 and 2014
 respectively. We used the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the
fair value of options granted. The assumptions used in valuing the options granted during fiscal 2015 and 2014 are included in
note 12 to our consolidated financial statements.




 &ldquo;Financial Instruments&rdquo;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged
in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. We
believe that there is no material difference between the fair value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the balance
sheets due to the short-term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the debt
 as compared to the current borrowing rates
available to us.




 for the
periods indicated
 the percentage of net sales of certain items in our consolidated financial statements.



    
Year ended March 31


    
    
    


 net
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
    
    

    
    
    


 net
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



loss attributable to common shareholders&nbsp;to EBITDA
 as adjusted:



    
Year ended March 31


    
    
    

    
(3
799
742
(9
291
346

    
    
    


 net
1
129
047
1
062
219


 net
1
278
999
(590
414

    
907
540
860
254

    
(484
156
(7
959
287

    
236
000
403
049

    
281
000
200
000

    
787
710
393
914


 net
(16
602
    

    
    
502
518

    
4
564
284
962

    
    
5
392
594

    
325
829
935
035

    
    
384
599


 as adjusted
1
134
345
537
384



 taxes
 depreciation
and amortization
 or EBITDA
 adjusted for allowances for doubtful accounts and obsolete inventory
 stock-based compensation expense
&nbsp;other
income
 net
 loss from equity investment in non-consolidated affiliate
 foreign exchange loss
 net change in fair value
of warrant liability
 net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and dividend to preferred shareholders&nbsp;is a key
metric we use in evaluating our financial performance. EBITDA
 as adjusted
 is considered a non-GAAP financial measure as defined
by Regulation G promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. We consider EBITDA
 as adjusted
 important
in evaluating our performance on a consistent basis across various periods. Due to the significance of non-cash and non-recurring
items
 EBITDA
 as adjusted
 enables our Board of Directors and management to monitor and evaluate the business on a consistent
basis. We use EBITDA
 as adjusted
 as a primary measure
 among others
 to analyze and evaluate financial and strategic planning
decisions regarding future operating investments and allocation of capital resources. We believe that EBITDA
 as adjusted
 eliminates
items that are not indicative of our core operating performance or are based on management&rsquo;s estimates
 such as allowance
accounts
 are due to changes in valuation
 such as the effects of changes in foreign exchange or fair value of warrant liability
or do not involve a cash outlay
 such as stock-based compensation expense. Our presentation of EBITDA
 as adjusted
 should not
be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items or by non-cash items
such as stock-based compensation
 which is expected to remain a key element in our long-term incentive compensation program. &nbsp;EBITDA
as adjusted
 should be considered in addition to
 rather than as a substitute for
 income from operations
 net income and cash
flows from operating activities.


 as adjusted
 improved&nbsp;to
$1.1 million for the year ended March 31
 2015
 as compared to $0.5 million for the prior year
 primarily as
a result of our increased sales and gross profit.



 Net sales
increased 19.4% to $57.5 million for the year ended March 31
 2015
 as compared to $48.1 million for the prior year
 due to
the overall growth of our Gosling's Stormy Ginger Beer
 Jefferson's and Jefferson&rsquo;s Reserve bourbons
 Clontarf Irish
whiskey and Pallini liqueurs. Our international spirits case sales as a percentage of total spirits case sales were 21.0% for
each of the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014. Our overall spirits sales volume for fiscal 2015 was negatively impacted by
the cessation of sales of Hasse Apple Pie Liqueurs and wines
 as well as our inability to source supply for Jefferson&rsquo;s
Rye in the current year
 all of which we sold in fiscal 2014 but did not sell in fiscal 2015. Sales volume was also
negatively impacted by lower sales volume of vodka and destocking of Gosling&rsquo;s rums at the wholesale level.&nbsp;These
shortfalls were partially offset by increases in sales of our Jefferson&rsquo;s
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Reserve and
Jefferson&rsquo;s Ocean Aged at Sea bourbons and our Irish whiskey portfolio. Also
 fiscal 2015 sales of our Gosling&rsquo;s
Stormy Ginger Beer increased by 286
140 cases
 or 66.7%
 overall
 including a 279
231 case increase
 or 69.4%
 in U.S. case
sales as compared to fiscal 2014. We anticipate continued growth of Gosling&rsquo;s Stormy Ginger Beer in the near term as
compared to comparable prior-year periods
 although there is no assurance that we will attain such results. We continue to
focus on our faster growing brands and markets
 both in the U.S. and internationally.


    
    




decrease
 as applicable
 in case sales by spirits product category for the year ended March 31
 2015 as compared to the year ended
March 31
 2014:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
4
250
2
239
    
    

    
14
121
11
301
    
    

    
(2
463
(2
406
    
    

    
(8
798
(4
865
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(3
709
(3
709
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
3
364
2
522
    
    



 2015 as compared
to the year ended March 31
 2014:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
285
904
278
995
    
    


 Gross profit increased
22.5% to $21.6 million for the year ended March 31
 2015 from $17.6 million for the prior year
 and our gross
margin increased to 37.5% for the year ended March 31
 2015 compared to 36.6% for the prior year. The increase
in gross profit was primarily due to increased revenue in the current period
 while the increase in gross margin was due to an
increase in sales of our more profitable brands
 in particular the Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons and our Irish whiskey brands. During
the year ended March 31
 2015
 we recorded a net allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $0.3 million
 as compared
to $0.2 million for the prior year. We recorded these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in
connection with label and packaging changes made to certain brands
 as well as certain cost variances. The net charges have been
recorded as an increase to cost of sales in each period. Net of the allowance for obsolete inventory
 our gross margin for the
year ended March 31
 2015 was 38.0% as compared to 37.0% for the  prior year.

 Selling expense
increased 21.7% to $15.3 million for the year ended March 31
 2015 from $12.5 million for the prior year
 primarily
due&nbsp;to a $0.7 million increase in shipping costs
 a $0.9 million increase in advertising
 marketing and promotion expense
related to the timing of certain sales and marketing programs
 a $0.2 million increase in commissions
 associated with increased
sales volume and a $0.9 million increase in employee costs. The increase in sales resulted in selling expense as a percentage of
net sales remaining relatively constant at 26.5% for the year ended March 31
 2015 as compared to 26.0% for the prior year.

General and administrative
expense
 2015 from $5.5
million for the prior year
 primarily due to a $0.3 million increase in each of professional fees
 employee expense
and non-cash stock-based compensation expense
 and a $0.1 million increase in insurance expense. The increase in sales
resulted in general and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales remaining relatively constant at 11.3% for the
year ended March 31
 2015 as compared to 11.5% for the prior year. However
 as a result of our becoming an
accelerated filer
 we expect general and administrative expense to increase due to the costs and fees associated with the
additional regulatory requirements.

 Depreciation
and amortization was $0.9 million for each of the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014.

. As a
result of the foregoing
 loss from operations improved to ($1.1) million for the year ended March 31
 2015 from ($1.3)
million for the prior year. As a result of our focus on our stronger growth markets and better performing brands
 and
expected growth from our existing brands
 we anticipate improved results of operations in the near term as compared to
comparable prior-year periods
 although there is no assurance that we will attain such results.

Net change in fair value of
warrant liability.
private placement (the &ldquo;2011 Warrants&rdquo;)&nbsp;at their initial fair value. Changes in the fair value of the 2011
Warrants were recognized in earnings for each reporting period. In November 2013
 in accordance with certain terms of the
2011 Warrants
 the down-round provisions included in the terms of the warrant&nbsp;ceased to be&nbsp;in effect due to the
historical VWAP and trading volume of our Common Stock.  As a result
 the then outstanding
warrant liability of $6.2 million was eliminated and recognized as an increase to additional paid-in capital. In April 2014
we called for cancellation all remaining 1.7 million unexercised 2011 Warrants pursuant to their terms after
satisfying applicable conditions. Pursuant to the call for cancellation
 holders of all 1.7 million unexercised 2011 Warrants
exercised such warrants and received 1.7 million shares of Common Stock. We received $0.6 million in cash upon the exercise
of these 2011 Warrants. As a result
 no 2011 Warrants were outstanding as of March 31
 2015. Accordingly
 we no longer
recognize any changes in fair value of the 2011 Warrants. For the year ended March 31
 2014
 we recorded a non-cash charge
for&nbsp;loss on the change in the value of the warrants of ($5.4) million
 primarily due to the effects of our increased
share price on the Black-Scholes valuation.


    
    


Income tax (expense) benefit
net.
 net is the estimated tax expense attributable to the net taxable income recorded by
our 60% owned subsidiary
 Gosling-Castle Partners Inc.
 adjusted for changes in the deferred tax asset and deferred tax
liability during the periods
 and was net expense of ($1.3) million for the year ended March 31
 2015 as compared to a
benefit of $0.6 million for the prior year. 

 Foreign
exchange loss for the year ended March 31
 2015 was de minimis as compared to a loss of ($0.3) million for the prior year due to the net effects of fluctuations of the U.S. dollar against the Euro and its impact on our Euro-denominated intercompany
balances due to our foreign subsidiaries for inventory purchases.

Interest expense
 net.
had interest expense
 net of ($1.1) million for each of the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 due to balances outstanding
under our credit facilities. Due to expected borrowings under the Keltic Facility as  defined below to support additional
inventory purchases and other working capital needs
 we expect interest expense
 net to increase in the near term as compared
to prior-year periods.

Net income attributable to noncontrolling
interests.
 2015 was ($0.3) million as compared
to ($0.9) million for the prior year
 both the result of allocated net income recorded by our 60% owned subsidiary
Gosling-Castle Partners Inc.

Dividend to preferred
shareholders.
 in February 2014
all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 and accrued dividends thereon
 converted into Common Stock.
Accordingly
 after February 2014
 we no longer recognize a dividend to preferred shareholders. For the year ended March 31
2014
 we recognized a dividend on our Series A Preferred Stock of $0.4 million.


As a result of the net effects of the foregoing
 including the non-cash charge for loss on the net change in fair value of warrant
liability and the dividend accrual in the prior year
 net loss attributable
to common shareholders improved to ($3.8) million&nbsp;for the year ended March 31
 2015 as compared to a loss of ($9.3) million
for the  prior year. Net loss per common share
 basic and diluted
 was ($0.02) per share for the year ended March
31
 2015 as compared to ($0.08) per share for the prior year. Net loss per common share
 basic and diluted
 as
reported in the current period benefited from an increase in the weighted-average shares outstanding in the year ended March 31
2015 as compared to the prior year. 






 we have incurred significant
operating and net losses and have not generated positive cash flows from operations. For the year ended March 31
 2015
 we had
a net loss of $3.5 million
 and used cash of $8.9 million in operating activities. As of March 31
 2015
 we had cash and cash equivalents
of $1.2 million and had an accumulated deficit of $143.4 million.




 we and
our wholly-owned subsidiary Castle Brands (USA) Corp. entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP
(&ldquo;Keltic&rdquo;)
 which
 as amended
 provides for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a facility
of up to $12.0 million (the &ldquo;Keltic Facility&rdquo;) for the purpose of providing us with working capital and a term
loan of up to $4.0 million to finance purchases of aged whiskies (the &ldquo;Bourbon Term Loan&rdquo;). No borrowings under
the Bourbon Term Loan were outstanding as of the date of this report. We may  borrow up to an additional $1.5 million under
the Bourbon Term Loan subject to the terms and conditions described below.


 we entered into an Amended
and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Loan Agreement&rdquo;) with ACF FinCo I LP
 a Delaware limited partnership
(&ldquo;ACF&rdquo;)
 as successor in interest to Keltic
 pursuant to which the Keltic Facility was further amended to modify certain
aspects of the existing Keltic Facility
 including increasing the maximum amount of the Keltic Facility from $8.0 million to $12.0
million and increasing the inventory sub-limit from $4.0 million to $6.0 million. In addition
 the term of the Keltic Facility
was extended from December 31
 2016 to July 31
 2019 (the &quot;Maturity Date&quot;). The monthly facility fee was reduced from
1.00% per annum of the maximum Keltic Facility amount to 0.75%. The Loan Agreement also modified certain aspects of the EBITDA
covenant that was contained in the previously existing loan and security agreement
 dated as of August 19
 2011
 as amended. We
paid ACF an aggregate $120
000 amendment fee in connection with the execution of the Loan Agreement.


    
    



amount of the Keltic Facility
 provided that we have a sufficient borrowing base (as defined in the Loan Agreement). The
Keltic Facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.00%
 (b) the
LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.0%. The Bourbon Term Loan interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of
(a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the
first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Keltic Facility and the Bourbon Term Loan. After
the occurrence and during the continuance of any &quot;Default&quot; or &quot;Event of Default&quot; (as defined under the
Loan Agreement) we are required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Keltic Facility
or Bourbon Term Loan
 as applicable
 interest rate. The Loan Agreement contains EBITDA targets allowing for further interest
rate reductions in the future. The Keltic Facility currently bears interest at 6.0% and the Bourbon Term Loan would currently
bear interest at 7.50%. We are required to pay down the principal balance of the Bourbon Term Loan within 15 banking days
from the completion of a bottling run of bourbon from our bourbon inventory stock purchased on or about the date of the
Bourbon Term Loan in an amount equal to the purchase price of such bourbon. The unpaid principal balance of the Bourbon Term
Loan
 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 and all fees
 costs and expenses payable in connection with the Bourbon Term
Loan are due and payable in full on the Maturity Date.&nbsp;In addition to closing fees
&nbsp;ACF receives an annual facility
fee and a collateral management fee (each as set forth in the Loan Agreement).


representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative and negative covenants.
The Loan Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict our ability to create additional indebtedness
dispose of properties
 incur liens
 and make distributions or cash dividends. At March 31
 2015
 we were in compliance
 in all
material respects
&nbsp;with the covenants under the Loan Agreement.&nbsp;


to funding the Bourbon Term Loan that Keltic had entered into a participation agreement providing for an aggregate of
$750
000 of the initial $2.5 million principal amount of the Bourbon Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants.
Certain related parties of ours purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Bourbon Term Loan
 including Frost
Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of
ours
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 a director of ours and our Chairman
 and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 a
director of ours and our President and Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of the participation agreement
 the junior
participants receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. We are not a party to the participation agreement. However
 we
are party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which we
pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 paid in three equal annual installments of $15
000.


 the Bourbon Term
Loan was paid in full in accordance with its standard terms in the normal course of business. We may borrow up to an
additional $1.5 million under the Bourbon Term Loan subject to the identification of junior participants to purchase a
portion of such additional borrowings. 


 we entered into a Loan
Agreement (the &quot;Junior Loan Agreement&quot;)
 by and between us and the lending parties thereto (the &quot;Junior Lenders&quot;)
which provided for an aggregate $1.25 million unsecured loan (the &quot;Junior Loan&quot;) to us. The Junior Loan bore interest
at a rate of 11% per annum
 payable quarterly in arrears commencing November 1
 2013
 and was set to mature on October 15
 2015.
The Junior Loan Agreement provided for a funding fee of 2% per annum on the then outstanding Junior Loan balance (pro-rated for
any period of less than one year)
 payable pro rata among the Junior Lenders on the date of the Junior Loan Agreement and on the
first and second anniversaries thereof. The Junior Lenders included Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Mark E. Andrews
 III and an
affiliate of Richard J. Lampen. In September 2014
 in connection with the amendment and restatement of the Keltic Facility described
above
 we used proceeds from the Keltic Facility to repay the $1.25 million principal amount outstanding
 and all accrued but unpaid
interest
 to the Junior Lenders.


 Gosling-Castle Partners
Inc.
 a 60% owned subsidiary
 issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $0.2 million to Gosling's Export (Bermuda)
Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. This note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity.


facilities aggregating &euro;0.3 million or $0.3 million (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
including overdraft coverage
 creditors&rsquo; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These
facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for
interest at the lender&rsquo;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. We have deposited &euro;0.3 million or $0.3 million (translated at the
March 31
 2015 exchange rate) with the bank to secure these borrowings. We are in compliance in all material respects with
the covenants of our Irish bank facilities as of March 31
 2015.



 we entered into a 5% Convertible
Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (the &quot;Note Purchase Agreement&quot;)
 with the purchasers party thereto (the &quot;Purchasers&quot;)
which provides for the issuance of an aggregate initial principal amount of $2.1 million unsecured subordinated notes (the &quot;Convertible
Notes&quot;). We used a portion of the proceeds to finance the acquisition of additional bourbon inventory in support of the growth
of our Jefferson's bourbon brand.&nbsp;


at a rate of 5% per annum and mature on December 15
 2018. The Convertible Notes and accrued but unpaid interest thereon are
convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders thereof into shares of our Common Stock at a
conversion price of $0.90 per share (the &quot;Conversion Price&quot;). The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in
part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest to the date of prepayment. The Convertible
Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each noteholder to accelerate the due date of the
unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on
 the Convertible Notes. We issued the Convertible
Notes&nbsp;on October 31
 2013. The Purchasers included certain related parties of ours
 including an affiliate of Dr.
Phillip Frost ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
  an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn ($200
000)
 a director of ours
 Dennis Scholl ($100
000)
 a former director of ours
and Vector Group Ltd. ($200
000)
 a more than 5% shareholder of ours
 of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer and
Henry Beinstein
 a director of ours
 is a director.


    
    



of the Convertible Notes and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon if (i) the average daily volume of the Common Stock (as reported
on the principal market or exchange on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading) exceeds $50
000 per trading day
and (ii) the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for at least twenty (20) trading days during any thirty (30) consecutive
trading day period exceeds 250% of the then-current Conversion Price. Any forced conversion will be applied ratably to the holders
of all Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement based on each holder&rsquo;s then-current note holdings.


 we entered into the
2014 Distribution Agreement with Barrington as sales agent
 under which
we may issue and sell over time and from time to time
 to or through Barrington
 Shares of our
Common Stock having a gross sales price of up to $10.0 million. The 2014 Distribution Agreement replaced the prior equity
distribution agreement entered into with Barrington in November 2013 (together with the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 the
&ldquo;Distribution Agreement&rdquo;)
 under which we could offer and sell shares of our Common Stock having a gross sale
price of up to $6.0 million.


the 2014 Distribution Agreement may be effected by any method permitted by law deemed to be an &quot;at-the-market&quot;
offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 including without limitation directly on the NYSE
MKT LLC or any other existing trading market for the Common Stock or through a market maker
 up to the amount specified
and otherwise to or through Barrington in accordance with the placement notices delivered by us to Barrington. Also
 with
our prior consent
 some of the Shares issued pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement may be sold in privately
negotiated transactions.


2015
 we sold approximately 2.5 million Shares under the Distribution Agreements resulting in gross proceeds of approximately
$3.3 million
 before deducting sales agent and offering expenses of approximately $0.2 million. Between April 1
 2015 and
June 11
 2015
 we sold  an additional 0.6 million  Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 resulting in gross
proceeds of approximately $1.0 million
 before deducting sales agent and offering expenses of approximately $0.02 million. We
intend to use a portion of the proceeds to finance our investment in Copperhead Distillery Company and for general corporate
purposes. As of June 11
 2015
 approximately $7.0 million million remained available for issuance pursuant to the
2014 Distribution Agreement.




 2105
 we had shareholders&rsquo;
equity of $21.1 million as compared to $19.9 million at March 31
 2014. This increase is primarily due to&nbsp;the net issuance
of $3.1 million of Common Stock under the Distribution Agreements and the exercise of $0.6 million of our 2011 Warrants
 partially
offset by our total comprehensive loss for the year ended March 31
 2015.


million at March 31
 2015 as compared to $19.1 million at March 31
 2014. This&nbsp;increase is primarily due to the current
year net loss of $3.5 million
 a $7.2 million increase in inventory and a $1.7 million increase in accounts receivable
partially offset by a $0.3 million decrease in deferred tax benefit
 a $0.1 million decrease in prepaid expenses and a net
combined $1.3 million increase in accounts payable
 accrued expenses and due to related parties.


 2015
 we had cash and cash
equivalents of approximately $1.2 million as compared to $0.9 million at March 31
 2014
 with increases primarily attributable
to the equity issued and debt incurred partially offset by the funding of our operations and working capital needs for the year
ended March 31
 2015. At March 31
 2015
 we also had approximately $0.3 million of cash restricted from withdrawal and held by
a bank in Ireland as collateral for overdraft coverage
 creditors&rsquo; insurance
 revolving credit and other working capital
purposes.


liquidity over the near-to-mid term:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



the growth of existing brands through sales and marketing initiatives that we expect will generate cash flows from operations in
the next few years. As part of this plan
 we seek to grow our business through expansion to new markets
 growth in existing markets
and strengthened distributor relationships.&nbsp;As our brands continue to grow
 our working capital requirements will increase.
In particular
 the growth of our Jefferson&rsquo;s brands requires a significant amount of working capital relative to our other
brands
 as we are required to purchase and hold ever increasing amounts of aged bulk bourbon to meet growing demand. While we are
seeking solutions to our long-term bourbon supply needs
 we are required to purchase and hold several years&rsquo; worth of bulk
bourbon in inventory until such time as it is aged to our specific brand taste profiles
 increasing our working capital requirements
and negatively impacting cash flows.


agency relationships to leverage our existing distribution platform. We intend to finance our brand acquisitions through a combination
of our available cash resources
 borrowings and
 in appropriate circumstances
 additional issuances of equity and/or debt securities.
Acquiring additional brands could have a significant effect on our financial position
 could materially reduce our liquidity and
could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating results. We continue to look to control expenses
 seek
improvements in routes to market and contain production costs to improve cash flows.


 2015
 we had borrowed $10.1
million of the $12.0 million available under the Keltic Facility
 leaving $1.9 million in then potential availability for working
capital needs. As of the date of this report
 we had borrowed $7.7 million of the $12.0 million available under the Keltic Facility
leaving $4.3 million in potential availability for working capital needs. We believe our current cash and working capital
 the
availability under the Keltic Facility
&nbsp;and the proceeds that have been raised
 and additional funds to be raised
 under the
Distribution Agreements
 will enable us to fund our losses until we achieve profitability
 ensure continuity of supply of our brands
and support new brand initiatives and marketing programs through at least March 2016.


    
    





sources and uses of cash during the periods presented:



    
Year ended March 31


    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
(8
852
(5
820

    
    
    

    
9
627
6
494

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 A substantial
portion of available cash has been used to fund our operating activities. In general
 these cash funding requirements are based
on operating losses
 driven chiefly by the costs in maintaining our distribution system and our sales and marketing activities.
We have also utilized cash to fund our inventories. In general
 these cash outlays for inventories are only partially offset by
increases in our accounts payable to our suppliers.


 the production cycle for our
owned brands is up to three months from the time we obtain the distilled spirits and other materials needed to bottle and package
our products to the time we receive products available for sale
 in part due to the international nature of our business. We do
not produce Gosling&rsquo;s rums or ginger beer
 Pallini liqueurs
 Tierras tequila
 or Gozio amaretto. Instead
 we receive the
finished product directly from the owners of such brands. From the time we have products available for sale
 an additional two
to three months may be required before we sell our inventory and collect payment from customers. Further
 our inventory at March
31
 2015 included significant additional stores of bulk bourbon purchased in advance of forecasted production requirements. We
expect to reduce the bulk bourbon in the normal course of future sales
 generating positive cash flows in future periods.




 2015
net cash used in operating activities was $8.9 million
 consisting primarily of a $7.2 million increase in inventory
 a net loss
of $3.5 million
 a $0.3 million increase in other assets and a $1.7 million increase in accounts receivable. These uses of cash
were partially offset by a $1.3 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses
 a $0.1 million decrease in prepaid
expenses
 stock based compensation expense of $0.8 million
 depreciation and amortization expense of $0.9 million
 a provision
for obsolete inventories of $0.3 million and $0.3 million in deferred income tax expense
 net.


31
 2014
 net cash used in operating activities was $5.8 million
 consisting primarily of a net loss of $8.0 million
 a $2.0 million
increase in accounts receivable
 a $1.2 million increase in inventory
 a $0.6 million decrease in accounts payable and accrued
expenses
 a $0.6 million increase in prepaid expenses
 a $0.2 million increase in other assets and $0.6 million in deferred tax
benefit. These uses of cash were partially offset by a change in fair value of warrant liability of $5.4 million
 a $0.5 million
loss on equity investment in non-consolidated affiliate
 stock-based compensation expense of $0.4 million
 depreciation and amortization
expense of $0.9 million
 and a provision for obsolete inventories of $0.2 million.


 Net
cash used in investing activities was $0.5 million for the year ended March 31
 2015
 representing $0.5 million used in the acquisition
of fixed and intangible assets.


$0.2 million for the year ended March 31
 2014
 representing $0.3 million used in the acquisition of fixed and intangible assets
partially offset by $0.06 million from a change in restricted cash.

 Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended March 31
 2015 was $9.6 million
 consisting of $8.2 million in net proceeds
from the Keltic Facility
 $3.1 million in net proceeds from the issuance of Common Stock under the Distribution Agreements
 $0.6
million in proceeds from the exercise of 2011 Warrants and $0.2 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options
 partially
offset by the $1.25 million repayment of the Junior Loan and the $1.3 million paid on the Bourbon Term Loan.


for the year ended March 31
 2014 was $6.5 million
 consisting of $4.3 million in net proceeds from the issuance of Common Stock
under the Distribution Agreement
 $3.8 million in proceeds from the exercise of 2011 Warrants
 $2.1 million from the issuance of
5% Convertible Notes
 $1.25 million from issuance of the Junior Loan
 offset by the $4.5 million paid on the Keltic Facility
 $0.5
million paid on the Bourbon Term Loan and $0.1 million paid on the foreign revolving credit facilities.&nbsp;


    
    




 For
a discussion of our Irish Bank Facilities
 in &ldquo;Liquidity and capital resources&rdquo;
above.

 For a discussion
of the Keltic Facility
 please see 

 For a
discussion of the Bourbon Term Loan
 please see 


For a discussion of the 5% Convertible Subordinated Notes
 in &ldquo;Liquidity and capital
resources&rdquo; above.


For a discussion of the Gosling-Castle Partners note
 in &ldquo;Liquidity and capital resources&rdquo;
above.




operations are the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom. With respect to our consolidated financial statements
the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates
in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period.
The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income.


amounts in Euros or British Pounds
 we have for your convenience also in certain cases provided a conversion of those amounts to
U.S. Dollars in parentheses. Where the numbers refer to a specific balance sheet account date or financial statement account period
we have used the exchange rate that was used to perform the conversions in connection with the applicable financial statement.
In all other instances
 unless otherwise indicated
 the conversions have been made using the exchange rates as of March 31
 2015
each as calculated from the Interbank exchange rates as reported by Oanda.com. On March 31
 2015
 the exchange rate of the Euro
and the British Pound in exchange for U.S. Dollars was &euro;1.00 = U.S.$1.08501 (equivalent to U.S.$1.00 = &euro;0.92152) and&nbsp;&nbsp;&pound;1.00
= U.S.$1.48339 (equivalent to U.S.$1.00 = &pound;0.67402).


as representations that the Euro and British Pound amounts actually represent U.S. Dollar amounts or could be converted into U.S.
Dollars at the rates indicated.




are not materially impacted by moderate changes in the inflation rate. Inflation and changing prices did not have a material impact
on our operations during fiscal 2015 or 2014. Severe increases in inflation
 however
 could affect the global and U.S. economies
and could have an adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.




accounting standards in the &ldquo;Accounting standards adopted&rdquo; and &ldquo;Recent accounting pronouncements&rdquo; sections
of note 1 of the &ldquo;Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements&rdquo; in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.




statements&rdquo; within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements
 which involve risks
and uncertainties
 relate to the discussion of our business strategies and our expectations concerning future operations
 margins
profitability
 liquidity and capital resources and to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results
and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. We use words such as &ldquo;may&rdquo;
 &ldquo;will&rdquo;
 &ldquo;should&rdquo;
&ldquo;expects&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intends&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plans&rdquo;
 &ldquo;anticipates&rdquo;
 &ldquo;believes&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimates&rdquo;
&ldquo;seeks&rdquo;
 &ldquo;predicts&rdquo;
 &ldquo;could&rdquo;
 &ldquo;projects&rdquo;
 &ldquo;potential&rdquo; and similar terms
and phrases
 including references to assumptions
 in this report to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting us and are subject to uncertainties
 risks
and factors relating to our operations and business environments
 all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond
our control
 that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. These risks and other factors include those listed under &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    




    
    
our potential need for additional capital
 which
 if not available on acceptable terms or at all
 could restrict our future growth and severely limit our operations;

    
    
our brands could fail to achieve more widespread consumer acceptance
 which may limit our growth;

    
    
our dependence on a limited number of suppliers
 who may not perform satisfactorily or may end their relationships with us
 which could result in lost sales
 incurrence of additional costs or lost credibility in the marketplace;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
the potential limitation to our growth if we are unable to identify and successfully acquire additional brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio
 or integrate such brands after acquisitions;

    
    
currency exchange rate fluctuations and devaluations may significantly adversely affect our revenues
 sales
 costs of goods and overall financial results;

    
    
our need to maintain a relatively large inventory of our products to support customer delivery requirements
 which could negatively impact our operations if such inventory is lost due to theft
 fire or other damage;

    
    
the possibility that we or our strategic partners will fail to protect our respective trademarks and trade secrets
 which could compromise our competitive position and decrease the value of our brand portfolio;

    
    
the possibility that we cannot secure and maintain listings in control states
 which could cause the sales of our products to decrease significantly;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
adverse regulatory decisions and legal
 regulatory or tax changes could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs and reduce our margins.



or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason
 or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from
those anticipated in
 or implied by
 these forward-looking statements
 even if new information becomes available in the future.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk


company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item.&nbsp;


    
    








    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31
 2015 and 2014
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
    

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
    

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
    

    
    



    
    









balance sheets of Castle Brands Inc. and subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of March 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the related
consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive loss
 changes in shareholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended March 31
 2015. The financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of the Company as of March 31
2015 and 2014
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended
March 31
 2015
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting as of March 31
 2015
 issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;)
 and our report dated June 15
 2015
expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.




 New York

 2015



    
    







    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
191
603
908
501


    net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $154
434 and $204
418 at March 31
    2015 and 2014
 respectively
10
550
990
8
858
146

    
138
750
115
288


    net of allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $267
557 and $266
473
    at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
21
068
241
14
650
029

    
37
000
473
330

    
1
492
806
1
575
947

    
    
    

    
34
479
390
26
581
241

    
    
    

    
665
373
568
395

    
    
    


713
774
    and $6
058
005 at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
7
683
227
8
178
888

    
496
226
496
226

    
329
471
416
565

    
385
253
280
195

    
    
    

    
44
038
940
36
521
510

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
34
141
20
205

    
5
753
617
4
483
764

    
1
067
460
1
073
188

    
1
963
883
1
936
241

    
    
    

    
8
819
101
7
513
398

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
123
544
1
953
037


063 and&nbsp;$484
375&nbsp;of&nbsp;related-party&nbsp;participation&nbsp;at March&nbsp;31
 2015 and 2014
&nbsp;respectively)
744
900
2
015
000


000&nbsp;of&nbsp;related&nbsp;party&nbsp;participation&nbsp;at March 31
 2014)
    
1
250
000


100
000 of related party participation at March 31
 2015 and 2014)
1
675
000
2
125
000

    
211
580
211
580

    
1
370
152
1
518
304

    
    
    

    
22
944
277
16
586
319

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $.01 par value
 25
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015&nbsp;and 2014
    
    


 $.01 par value
 300
000
000 shares authorized at March 31
 2015 and 2014
&nbsp;157
187
658&nbsp;and 151
841
133 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2015 and&nbsp;2014
 respectively
1
571
877
1
518
411

    
162
626
893
157
485
965

    
(143
361
711
(139
561
969

    
(2
285
925
(1
724
916

    
    
    

    
18
551
134
17
717
491

    
    
    

    
2
543
529
2
217
700

    
    
    

    
21
094
663
19
935
191

    
    
    

    
44
038
940
36
521
510



financial statements.


    
    







    
Years ended March 31


    
    
    


 net*
57
457
421
48
140
483

    
35
603
632
30
336
667

    
281
000
200
000

    
    
    

    
21
572
789
17
603
816

    
    
    

    
15
254
818
12
529
684

    
6
488
336
5
533
711

    
907
540
860
254

    
    
    

    
(1
077
905
(1
319
833

    
    
    


 net
16
602
    

    
    
(502
518

    
(4
564
(284
962


 net
(1
129
047
(1
062
219

    
    
(5
392
594


 net
(1
278
999
590
414

    
    
    

    
(3
473
913
(7
971
712

    
(325
829
(935
035

    
    
    

    
(3
799
742
(8
906
747

    
    
    

    
    
(384
599

    
    
    

    
(3
799
742
(9
291
346

    
    
    


 basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    

    
    
    


 basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
155
456
341
116
511
444



 net and Cost of sales include excise taxes of $6
754
453
and $6
420
730 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.


financial statements.


    
    



Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Loss



    
Years ended March 31


    
    
    

    
(3
473
913
(7
971
712

    
    
    

    
(561
009
193
178

    
    
    

    
(561
009
193
178

    
    
    

    
(4
034
922
(7
778
534



financial statements.


    
    







    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Preferred
    Stock
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(Loss)
    Income
    
    

BALANCE
 MARCH 31
 2013
6
701
67
013
108
773
034
1
087
730
142
661
542
(130
270
623
(1
918
094
1
282
665
12
910
233

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(8
906
747
    
935
035
(7
971
712

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
193
178
    
193
178

Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs
    
    
5
394
608
53
946
4
293
356
    
    
    
4
347
302

    
(6
701
(67
013
27
465
610
274
656
(207
643
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
127
123
101
271
3
747
061
    
    
    
3
848
332

    
    
    
80
758
    
25
168
    
    
    
25
976

    
    
    
    
    
384
599
(384
599
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
6
187
968
    
    
    
6
187
968

    
    
    
    
    
393
914
    
    
    
393
914

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

BALANCE
 MARCH 31
 2014
    
    
151
841
133
1
518
411
157
485
965
(139
561
969
(1
724
916
2
217
700
19
935
191

    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
799
742
    
325
829
(3
473
913

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(561
009
    
(561
009

Issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs
    
    
2
537
924
25
379
3
108
189
    
    
    
3
133
568

    
    
    
1
657
802
16
578
613
387
    
    
    
629
965

Surrender of common stock in connection with exercise of common
    stock warrant
    
    
(27
902
    
(30
971
    
    
    
(31
250

    
    
    
501
574
5
017
446
400
    
    
    
451
417

    
    
    
677
127
6
771
216
213
    
    
    
222
984

    
    
    
    
    
787
710
    
    
    
787
710

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

BALANCE
 MARCH 31
 2015
    
    
157
187
658
1
571
877
162
626
893
(143
361
711
(2
285
925
2
543
529
21
094
633



financial statements.


    
    








    
Years&nbsp;ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(3
473
913
(7
971
712

    
    
    

    
907
540
860
254

    
(49
984
133
726

    
166
942
161
178

    
    
5
392
594


 net
288
178
(590
414

    
    
502
518

    
4
564
284
962

    
787
710
393
914

    
281
000
200
000


 assets and liabilities:
    
    

    
(1
671
925
(1
959
593

    
(23
462
(193
680

    
(7
223
601
(1
246
553

    
77
587
(591
188

    
(272
000
(188
867

    
1
321
722
(597
127

    
    
6
379

    
27
642
(416
064

    
    
    

    
(5
378
087
2
152
039

    
    
    

    
(8
852
000
(5
819
673

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(333
742
(234
693

    
(160
109
(26
980

    
    
60
137

    
    
(5
940

    
    
    

    
(494
780
(207
476

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
8
170
507
(4
548
284

    
(1
270
100
(481
000

    
(1
250
000
1
250
000

    
    
2
125
000

    
21
278
(73
797

    
3
319
915
4
531
643

    
(186
347
(184
341

    
598
715
3
848
332

    
222
984
25
976

    
    
    

    
9
626
952
6
493
529

    
    
    

    
2
930
2
798

    
283
102
469
178

    
908
501
439
323

    
    
    

    
1
191
603
908
501

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
8
349
539


 and accrued interest thereon
 to common stock
451
417
    

    
31
250
    

    
937
973
867
782

    
293
525
14
848



financial statements.


    
    





ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES



    
    
 &mdash; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Castle Brands Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&ldquo;CB-USA&rdquo;) and McLain &amp; Kyne
 Ltd. (&ldquo;McLain &amp; Kyne&rdquo;)
 the Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&ldquo;CB-IRL&rdquo;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&rsquo;s 60 % ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. (&ldquo;GCP&rdquo;)
 with adjustments for income or loss allocated based upon percentage of ownership. The accounts of the subsidiaries have been included as of the date of acquisition. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.




    
    
 &mdash; The Company is principally engaged in the importation
 marketing and sale of premium and super premium brands of rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka and tequila in the United States
 Canada
 Europe and Asia.




    
    
 &mdash;
 &mdash; Gosling&rsquo;s rums
 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning
    Gosling&rsquo;s Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of
    Bermuda
 and Gosling&rsquo;s Stormy Ginger Beer
 an essential non-alcoholic ingredient in Gosling&rsquo;s trademarked Dark
    &lsquo;n Stormy

    
    
    

    
    
    
 &mdash;Premium small batch bourbons: Jefferson&rsquo;s
        Jefferson&rsquo;s Reserve
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Chef&rsquo;s Collaboration
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Ocean Aged at Sea and Jefferson&rsquo;s
        Presidential Select
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey
 and Jefferson&rsquo;s The Manhattan: Barrel Finished Cocktail
        a ready-to-drink cocktail; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic
        pure grain versions; Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; Knappogue Castle 1951
 a pure
        pot-still whiskey that has been aged for 36 years
 and Knappogue Twin Wood
 the first Sherry Finished Knappogue Castle Whiskey.
        
 &mdash; Pallini Limoncello
 Raspicello and Peachcello
        premium Italian liqueurs
 pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement; Brady&rsquo;s Irish Cream
 a premium Irish cream
        liqueur; Castello Mio
 a super premium Sambuca; Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; and Gozio amaretto
 a premium Italian liqueur
        pursuant to a U.S. distribution agreement.
        
 &mdash; Boru vodka
 an ultra-pure
 five-times distilled
        and specially filtered premium vodka. Boru is produced in Ireland.
        
 &mdash; a USDA certified organic
 super-premium
tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
which is available as blanco
 reposado and a&ntilde;ejo.




    
    
    




    
    
 - Equity investments are carried at original cost adjusted for the Company&rsquo;s proportionate share of the investees&rsquo; income
 losses and distributions. The Company assesses the carrying value of its equity investments when an indicator of a loss in value is present and records a loss in value of the investment when the assessment indicates that an other-than-temporary decline in the investment exists. The Company classifies its equity earnings of non-consolidated affiliate equity investment as a component of net income or loss.




    
    
Trade accounts
    receivable
    appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect anticipated losses on the trade accounts receivable
    balances. The Company calculates this allowance based on its history of write-offs
 level of past due accounts based on

    ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company recorded allowances for doubtful accounts of $236
000 and $403
409
 respectively. 




    
    
 &mdash; Revenue from product sales is recognized when the product is shipped to a customer (generally a distributor)
 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)
 and collection is reasonably assured. Revenue is not recognized on shipments to control states in the United States until such time as product is sold through to the retail channel.




    
    
 &mdash; Inventories are comprised of distilled spirits
 bulk wine
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
 and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&rsquo;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 expected future demand and market requirements. A change to the carrying value of inventories is recorded in cost of goods sold. See Note 3.



    
    



 2015 and 2014
 the
Company recorded allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $281
000 and $200
000
 respectively. The Company recorded
these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with the disposition of wine brands
 label and
packaging changes made to certain brands
 as well as wine spoilage and certain cost variances. The charges have been recorded as
increases to Cost of Sales in the respective years.



    
    
 &mdash; Equipment consists of office equipment
 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the statement of operations. Equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets ranging from three to five years.




    
    
 &mdash; Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price including related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis
 and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.

    
    
    

    
    
    

        Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 350
 &ldquo;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&rdquo;
 impairment of goodwill
        must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting units with the carrying amount of their
        net assets
 including goodwill. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results.
        Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates
        that most significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses
        and discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&rsquo;s net
        assets exceeds the unit&rsquo;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount
        of goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill
        recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks
        trade names and formulations are indefinite lived intangible assets not subject to amortization and are tested for impairment at
        least annually. The impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset group allocated to each reporting unit
        with its allocated carrying amount.
        

        31
 2015 and 2014 by weighting a combination of the present value of the Company&rsquo;s discounted anticipated future operating
        cash flows and values based on market multiples of revenue and earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;)
        of comparable companies. 
        

    
    
 &mdash; Under&nbsp;ASC&nbsp;310
 &ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&rdquo;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. The Company did not record an impairment on long-lived assets for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014.




    
    
 &mdash; The Company reflects as inventory costs freight-in and related external handling charges relating to the purchase of raw materials and finished goods. These costs are charged to cost of sales at the time the underlying product is sold. The Company also incurs shipping costs in connection with its various marketing activities
 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&rsquo;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $2
574
471 and $1
879
881 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

    
    
    

    
    
 &mdash; Excise taxes and duty are computed at standard rates based on alcohol proof per gallon/liter and are paid after finished goods are imported into the United States and then transferred out of &ldquo;bond.&rdquo; Excise taxes and duty are recorded to inventory as a component of the cost of the underlying finished goods. When the underlying products are sold &ldquo;ex warehouse&rdquo;
 the sales price reflects the taxes paid and the inventoried excise taxes and duties are charged to cost of sales.




    
    
 &mdash; The Company incurs charges from its distributors for a variety of transactions and services rendered by the distributor
 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases
 the cost of the promotional goods is charged to cost of sales and dollars off invoice are a reduction to revenue.



    
    




    
    
 &mdash; The functional currency for the Company&rsquo;s foreign operations is the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom. Under ASC 830
 &ldquo;Foreign Currency Matters&rdquo;
 the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are shown as a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations.




    
    
 &mdash; ASC 825
 &ldquo;Financial Instruments&rdquo;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&rsquo;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&rsquo;s debt
 as compared to the current borrowing rates available to the Company.

    
    
    

    
    
The Company&rsquo;s investments are reported at fair value in accordance with authoritative guidance
 which accomplishes the following key objectives:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
Level 2 &mdash; inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.

    
    
    




    
    
 &mdash; Under ASC 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes&rdquo;
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. A valuation allowance is provided to the extent a deferred tax asset is not considered recoverable.

    
    
    

    
    
The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC 740 and has recognized
no adjustment for uncertain tax provisions. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in
general and administrative expense




    
    
 &mdash; The costs of research
 development and product improvement are charged to expense as incurred and are included in selling expense.




    
    
 &mdash; Advertising costs are expensed when the advertising first appears in its respective medium. Advertising expense
 which is included in selling expense
 was $3
184
392 and $2
052
819 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.




    
    
 &mdash; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
 amortization and expense accruals.




    
    




    
    

 &mdash; In April
        2015
         the FASB issued ASU 2015-03
 Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
 which requires that debt
        issuance costs related         to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from
        the carrying amount of that debt liability
         consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance
        for debt issuance costs are not affected. Upon adoption
         the Company will apply the new guidance on a retrospective
        basis and adjust the balance sheet of each individual period presented         to reflect the period-specific effects of
        applying the new guidance. This guidance is effective for the Company beginning April 1
 2016. The Company is currently
        evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on         the Company&rsquo;s
        results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-02
 Consolidation:
        Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis (&ldquo;ASU 2015-02&rdquo;). ASU 2015-02 amends the consolidation requirements and significantly
        changes the consolidation analysis required. ASU 2015-02 requires management to re-evaluate all legal entities under a revised
        consolidation model specifically (1) modify the evaluation of whether limited partnership and similar legal entities are Variable
        Interest Entities (&ldquo;VIEs&rdquo;)
 (2) eliminate the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership
        (3) affect the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs particularly those that have fee arrangements
        and related party relationships
 and (4) provide a scope exception from consolidation guidance for reporting entities with interests
        in legal entities that are required to comply with or operate in accordance with requirements that are similar to those in Rule
        2a-7 of the Investment Act of 1940 for registered money market funds. The guidance is effective for annual periods and interim
        periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to
        determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial
        condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 Presentation
        of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) &ndash; Disclosure of Uncertainties about              an
        Entity&rsquo;s Ability to         Continue as a Going Concern. Currently
 there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about
        management&rsquo;s responsibility to evaluate         whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&rsquo;s ability to
        continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote         disclosures. The amendments in this update provide that
        guidance. The amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing         and content of footnote disclosures. The
        amendments require management to assess an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going         concern by incorporating
        and         expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically
 the
        amendments (1)         provide a definition of the term &ldquo;substantial doubt
&rdquo; (2) require an evaluation every
        reporting period
          including interim periods
 (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of
        management&rsquo;s plans
 (4)         require         certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result
        of         consideration of management&rsquo;s         plans
 (5) require         an express statement and other disclosures
        when         substantial doubt is not alleviated
 and (6)         require an assessment for a period         of one year
        after the date         that the financial statements are issued (or available         to be issued). The amendments in this
        update         are         effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016. Early         adoption is permitted.
        The Company is currently         evaluating         the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of         this
        guidance will have on the         Company&rsquo;s results of operations
         cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
        Compensation         &ndash; Stock Compensation (Topic 718); Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award
        Provide That a Performance         Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period. The amendments in this
        ASU apply to all reporting entities         that grant employees share-based payments in which the award terms provide that a
        performance target that affects vesting could         be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require
        that a performance target that affects vesting and that         could be achieved after the requisite service period must be
        treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply         existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to
        awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards.         The amendments in this ASU are
        effective for annual periods and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption         is permitted.
        The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have
        on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition.
        

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 Revenue
        from Contracts with Customers
 to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue. This guidance includes the required steps
        to achieve the core principle that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers
        in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
        This guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016. The Company is currently evaluating
        the new guidance to determine the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
        cash flows and financial condition.
        

        but not yet effective accounting standards
 if currently adopted
 would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.




    
    

 &mdash; In April 2014
        the         FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08 which provides final guidance to change the criteria for reporting discontinued
        operations while enhancing         disclosures in this area. Under the new guidance
 only disposals representing a strategic
        shift
 such as a major line of business
         a major geographical area or a major equity investment
 should be presented
        as discontinued operations. The guidance will be applied         prospectively to new disposals and new classifications of
        disposal groups as held for sale after the effective date. The Company  adopted the guidance effective April 1
 2015 and the
        adoption of this guidance did  not have a material impact on         the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
        cash flows or financial condition.
        


BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER COMMON
SHARE


loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common share is computed
giving effect to all potentially dilutive common shares that were outstanding during the period that are not anti-dilutive. Potentially
dilutive common shares consist of incremental shares issuable upon exercise of stock options and warrants or conversion of convertible
notes outstanding. In computing diluted net loss per share for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 no adjustment has been
made to the weighted average outstanding common shares as the assumed exercise of outstanding options and warrants and the assumed
conversion of convertible notes is anti-dilutive.


    
    



net loss per share are as follows:



    
Years&nbsp;ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
11
988
188
11
174
007

    
120
000
1
777
802

    
1
861
111
2
361
111

    
    
    

    
13
969
299
15
312
920






    
March&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
9
250
893
4
502
234

    
11
817
348
10
147
795

    
    
    

    
21
068
241
14
650
029



 2015 and 2014
 10% and 19%
 respectively
 of
raw materials and 4% and 5%
 respectively
 of finished goods were located outside of the United States.


 2015 and
2014
 the Company acquired $5
333
763 and $3
343
500 of aged bourbon whiskey
 respectively
in support of its anticipated near and mid-term needs.


inventory based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 expected future demand and market
requirements.


or market.






 GCP does not file consolidated
tax returns with the Company. For the year ended March 31
 2015
 GCP recognized $(288
178) of deferred tax  expense on
GCP&rsquo;s estimated stand-alone taxable income. The Company allocated 40% of this expense
 or ($115
271)
 to minority
interest for the year ended March 31
 2015.

Discontinuation of&nbsp;Investment in DP Castle Partners
LLC


 CB-USA formed DP Castle Partners
LLC (&ldquo;DPCP&rdquo;) with Drink Pie
 LLC to manage the manufacturing and marketing of Travis Hasse&rsquo;s Original Apple
Pie Liqueur
 Cherry Pie Liqueur and any future line extensions of the brand. In December 2013
 CB-USA determined to
cease marketing and selling these brands and returned the remaining inventory to Drink Pie
 LLC. For the year ended March 31
2014
 CB-USA purchased $170
880 in finished goods from DPCP under a distribution agreement. At March 31
 2014
 CB-USA owned
20% of now inactive&nbsp;DPCP. CB-USA also earned a defined rate of interest on its capital contribution to DPCP
 based on
its ownership in DPCP. For the year ended March 31
 2014
 CB-USA earned $4
200 in interest income on its capital contribution
to DPCP. The Company&nbsp;accounted for this investment under the equity method of accounting. In connection with
the discontinuation of marketing and sales efforts
 the Company recognized a loss of $502
518 from its investment in DPCP  for the year
ended March 31
 2014
including a $120
900 loss on investment and write-offs of $399
618 on the remaining receivable balances due from DPCP.



    
    


EQUIPMENT
 NET





    
March&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
2
434
340
2
317
310

    
40
898
10
325

    
    
    

    
2
475
238
2
327
635

    
1
809
865
1
759
240

    
    
    

    
665
373
568
395



 2015 and
2014 totaled $249
683 and $204
180
 respectively.




for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 were as follows:



    
    


 2013
490
286

    
5
940

    
 2014
496
226


 2015
    


 2015
496
226






    
March&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
170
000
170
000

    
631
693
535
947

    
8
271
555
8
271
555

    
161
321
96
959

    
994
000
994
000

    
55
460
55
460

    
10
284
029
10
123
921

    
6
713
774
6
058
005

    
    
    

    
3
570
255
4
065
916

    
4
112
972
4
112
972

    
7
683
227
8
178
888






    
March&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
170
000
170
000

    
295
956
262
098

    
5
513
162
4
961
170

    
24
002
20
350

    
710
654
644
387

    
    
    

    
6
713
774
6
058
005



consists of product formulations and the Company&rsquo;s relationships with its distillers.


    
    



 2015 and
2014 totaled $655
769 and $654
005
 respectively.


five fiscal years is as follows:



Years ending March 31

    

    
711
696

    
705
249

    
646
973

    
607
478

    
567
536

    
    

    
3
238
932





 2015 and 2014
 the Company had&nbsp;&euro;303
657
or $329
471 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate) and&nbsp;&euro;302
920 or $416
565 (translated at the March 31
 2014
exchange rate)
 respectively
 of cash restricted from withdrawal and held by a bank in Ireland as collateral for overdraft coverage
creditors&rsquo; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty and a revolving credit facility as described in Note 8A below.





    
March&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
34
141
20
205

    
211
580
211
580

    
10
123
544
1
953
037

    
744
900
2
015
000

    
    
1
250
000

    
1
675
000
2
125
000

    
    
    

    
12
789
165
7
574
822




    
    
The Company has arranged various facilities aggregating &euro;303
657 or $329
471 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&rsquo; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&rsquo;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &euro;31
466 or $34
141 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate) and&nbsp;&euro;14
693 or $20
205 (translated at the March 31
 2014 exchange rate)
 at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

    
    
    

    
    
In December 2009
 GCP issued a promissory note (the &ldquo;GCP Note&rdquo;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2015 and 2014
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to affiliates. At March 31
 2015 and 2014
 $211
580 of principal due on the GCP Note was included in long-term liabilities.




    
    
In August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (&ldquo;Keltic&rdquo;)
 which
 as amended
 provides for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a facility of up to $12.0 million (the &ldquo;Keltic Facility&rdquo;) for the purpose of providing the Company with working capital. &nbsp;
                           

 the Company and CB-USA entered into an Amended and Restated
                           Loan and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Amended Agreement&rdquo;) with ACF FinCo I LP (&ldquo;ACF&rdquo;)
 as successor in
                           interest to Keltic
 in order to amend certain terms of the Keltic Facility and the Bourbon Term Loan (defined below). Among
                           other changes
 the Amended Agreement modified certain aspects of the existing Keltic Facility
 including increasing the
                           maximum amount of the Keltic Facility from $8
000
000 to $12
000
000 and increasing the inventory sub-limit from $4
000
000
                           to $6
000
000. In addition
 the term of the Keltic Facility was extended from December 31
 2016 to July 31
 2019. The Keltic
                           Facility interest rate was reduced to the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.00%
 (b)
                           the LIBOR Rate plus 5.50% and (c) 6.25%. As of December 31
 2014
 the Keltic Facility interest rate was 6.25%. The monthly
                           facility fee was reduced from 1.00% per annum of the maximum Keltic Facility amount to 0.75%. In addition
 the Amended
                           Agreement contains EBITDA targets allowing for further interest rate reductions in the future. The Amended Agreement also
                           modifies certain aspects of the EBITDA covenant that was contained in the previously existing loan and security agreement
                           dated as of August 19
 2011
 as amended. The Company paid ACF an aggregate $120
000 amendment fee in connection with the
                           execution of the Amended Agreement.



    
    




    
    


 the Company and CB-USA
        entered         into the following ancillary agreements: (i) a Reaffirmation Agreement with (a) certain         officers of
        the Company and CB-USA
 including John Glover
 the Company&rsquo;s         Chief Operating Officer
 T. Kelley Spillane
 the
        Company&rsquo;s Senior Vice President - Global Sales
 and Alfred         Small
 the Company&rsquo;s Senior Vice President
        Chief Financial         Officer
 Treasurer and Secretary
 (b) certain         participants in the Bourbon Term Loan and (c)
        certain junior lenders to the Company
         including Frost Gamma         Investments Trust
 an entity affiliated with
        Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of         the         Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 a director of
        the Company and the Company&rsquo;s Chairman
 an affiliate of Richard J.         Lampen
         a director of the Company
        and the Company&rsquo;s President and Chief Executive Officer
 an affiliate of         Glenn Halpryn
 a director         of
        the Company
 Dennis Scholl
 a former director of the Company
 and Vector Group Ltd.
 a         more than 5% shareholder of
        the Company
 of         which Richard Lampen is an executive officer and Henry Beinstein
 a         director of the Company
        is a director
 which
 among other         things
 reaffirms the existing Validity and Support         Agreements by and among
        each officer
 the Company
 CB-USA and ACF
 as successor-in-interest         to Keltic; (ii) an         Amended and Restated
        Term Note (the &quot;Term Note&quot;); and (iii) an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit         Note         (the
        &quot;Revolving Note&quot;).
        

 on September 22
 2014
        ACF entered into an amendment to that certain Subordination Agreement
 dated as of August 7
 2013 (as amended
 the &quot;Subordination
        Agreement&quot;)
 by and among ACF
 as successor-in-interest to Keltic
 and certain junior lenders to the Company; neither the
        Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Subordination Agreement.
        

        as the Borrower. The Borrower may borrow up to the maximum amount of the Keltic Facility
 provided that the Borrower has a sufficient
        borrowing base (as defined under the Amended Agreement). For the year ended March 31
 2015
 the Company paid interest at 6.5%
        until such time as the interest was reduced to 6.25% in connection with the September 2014 amendment. Interest is payable monthly
        in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Keltic Facility. After the occurrence
        and during the continuance of any &quot;Default&quot; or &quot;Event of Default&quot; (as defined under the Amended Agreement)
        the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Keltic Facility interest rate.
        There have been no Events of Default under the Keltic Facility. In addition to the fee in connection with the Amended Agreement
        the Company paid a $40
000 commitment fee in connection with the first amendment
&nbsp;a $70
000 closing and commitment fee in
        connection with the second amendment&nbsp;and a $25
000 closing and commitment fee in connection with the third amendment. Keltic
        also receives a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance
        of an Event of Default). The Amended Agreement contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing
        and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Amended Agreement includes negative covenants
        that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&rsquo;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur
        liens and make distributions or cash dividends. At March 31
 2015
 the Company was in compliance
 in all respects
 with the covenants
        under the Amended Agreement. At March 31
 2015 and 2014
 $10
123
544 and $1
953
037
 respectively
 due on the Keltic Facility was
        included in long-term liabilities.




    
    
In March 2013
 the Company and CB-USA entered
    into an inventory term loan of $2
496
000 (the &quot;Bourbon Term Loan&quot;) that was used to purchase&nbsp;bourbon
    inventory on March 11
 2013. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms
 the Bourbon Term Loan matures on July 31
    2019.     The Bourbon Term Loan interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus
    4.25%
     (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. For the year ended March 31
 2015
 the Company paid interest of 7.5%.
    Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the
    Bourbon Term Loan. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &quot;Default&quot; or &quot;Event of
    Default&quot;     (as defined under the loan agreement)
 the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25%
    per     annum above the     then applicable Bourbon Term Loan interest rate. The Borrower is required to pay down the
    principal     balance of the Bourbon     Term Loan within 15 banking days from the completion of a bottling run of bourbon
    from the bourbon     inventory stock purchased     on or about the date of the Bourbon Term Loan in an amount equal to the
    purchase price of such     bourbon. The unpaid principal     balance of the Bourbon Term Loan
 all accrued and unpaid
    interest thereon
 and all fees
     costs and expenses payable in     connection with the Bourbon Term Loan are due and
    payable in full on December 31
     2016.



Bourbon Term Loan that Keltic had entered into a participation agreement (the &quot;Participation Agreement&quot;) providing
for an initial aggregate amount of $750
000 of the Bourbon Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related
parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Bourbon Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma
Investments Trust ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000) and an affiliate of
Richard J. Lampen ($50
000) (amounts
shown are initial purchase amounts). Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants receive interest
at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower
is party to a fee letter (the &quot;Fee Letter&quot;) with the junior participants (including the related party junior
participants) pursuant to which the Borrower is obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of
$45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
000. In August 2013
 the Bourbon Term Loan was amended to provide the
Company with the ability to increase the maximum aggregate principal amount of the Bourbon Term Loan from $2
500
000 to up to
$4
000
000 to finance the purchase of aged whiskies following the identification of junior participants to purchase a portion
of the increased Bourbon Term Loan amount. The balance on the Bourbon Term Loan included in notes payable totaled $744
900
and $2
015
000 at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. In May 2015
 the Bourbon Term Loan was paid in full in accordance
with its standard terms in the normal course of business.


    
    




    
    


 the Company entered into a Loan Agreement (the
        &quot;Junior Loan Agreement&quot;)
 by and between the Company and the lending parties thereto (the &quot;Junior Lenders&quot;)
        which provided for an aggregate $1
250
000 unsecured loan (the &quot;Junior Loan&quot;) to the Company. The Junior Loan bore interest
        at a rate of 11% per annum
 payable quarterly in arrears commencing November 1
 2013
 and was set to mature on October 15
 2015.
        The Junior Loan Agreement provided for a funding fee of 2% per annum on the then outstanding Junior Loan balance (pro-rated for
        any period of less than one year)
 payable pro rata among the Junior Lenders on the date of the Junior Loan Agreement and on the
        first and second anniversaries thereof. The Junior Lenders included Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($200
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
        III ($50
000) and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
        

 in connection with the Amended Agreement
        described in Note 8C
 the Company used proceeds from the Keltic Facility to repay the $1
250
000 principal amount outstanding under
        the Junior Loan and all accrued and outstanding interest. At March 31
 2014
 $1
250
000 of principal due on the Junior Loan was
        included in long-term liabilities.




    
    


 the Company entered into a 5% Convertible Subordinated
        Note Purchase Agreement (the &quot;Note Purchase Agreement&quot;) with the purchasers party thereto
 under which the Company issued
        an aggregate initial principal amount of $2
125
000 of unsecured subordinated notes (the &quot;Convertible Notes&quot;). The Convertible
        Notes bear interest at a rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
 until their maturity date of December 15
 2018. The Convertible
        Notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 are convertible in whole or in part from time to time at the option of the holders
        thereof into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a conversion price of $0.90 per share (the &quot;Conversion Price&quot;).
        The Convertible Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty or premium
 but with payment of accrued interest
        to the date of prepayment. The Convertible Notes contain customary events of default
 which
 if uncured
 entitle each note holder
        to accelerate the due date of the unpaid principal amount of
 and all accrued and unpaid interest on
 the Convertible Notes.
        

        of the Company
 including an affiliate of Dr. Phillip Frost ($500
000)
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Richard
        J. Lampen ($50
000)
 an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn ($200
000)
 a director
 Dennis Scholl ($100
000)
 a former director
 and Vector
        Group Ltd. ($200
000).
        

        Notes and all accrued but unpaid interest thereon if (i) the average daily volume of the Company&rsquo;s common stock (as reported
        on the principal market or exchange on which the common stock is listed or quoted for trading) exceeds $50
000 per trading day
        and (ii) the volume weighted average price of the common stock for at least twenty (20) trading days during any thirty (30) consecutive
        trading day period exceeds 250% of the then-current conversion price. Any forced conversion will be applied ratably to the holders
        of all Convertible Notes issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement based on each holder&rsquo;s then-current note holdings.
        

 each purchaser
        of the Convertible Notes was required to execute a joinder to the subordination agreement
 by and among Keltic and certain other
        junior lenders to the Company; the Company is not a party to the Subordination Agreement.
        

 2015
 Convertible
        Note         holders                  converted $350
000         of Convertible Notes and $787 of         accrued
        interest         thereon into         389
676 shares of         common stock. At March 31
 2015 and
        2014
         $1
675
000 and         $2
125
000 of         principal due on the Convertible         Notes was included in
        long-term liabilities
         respectively.






Years ending March 31

    

    
34
141

    
    

    
    

    
1
675
000

    
10
868
444

    
211
580

    
    

    
12
789
165



    
    




   &mdash; In November
2014
 the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the &quot;2014 Distribution Agreement&quot;) with Barrington
Research Associates
 Inc. (&quot;Barrington&quot;)
 as sales agent
 under which the Company may issue and sell over time and
from time to time
 to or through Barrington
 shares (the &quot;Shares&quot;) of its common stock&nbsp;having a gross sales
price of up to $10
000
000.



if any
 may be effected by any method permitted by law deemed to be an &quot;at-the-market&quot; offering as defined in Rule 415
of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 including without limitation directly on the NYSE MKT LLC or any other existing trading
market for the common stock or through a market maker
 up to the amount specified
 and otherwise to or through Barrington in accordance
with the placement notices delivered by the Company to Barrington. Also
 with the prior consent of the Company
 some of
the&nbsp;Shares may be sold in privately negotiated transactions. Under the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 Barrington will be entitled
to compensation of 2.0 % of the gross proceeds from the sale of all of the Shares sold through Barrington
 as sales agent
 pursuant
to the 2014 Distribution Agreement. Also
 the Company will reimburse Barrington for certain expenses incurred in connection with
the matters contemplated by the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 up to an aggregate of $50
000
 plus up to an additional $7
500 per
calendar quarter related to ongoing maintenance; provided
 however
 that such reimbursement amount shall not exceed 8% of the aggregate
gross proceeds received by the Company under the 2014 Distribution Agreement.


 2015
 the Company sold
1
290
581 Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $2
088
674
 before deducting sales agent
and offering expenses of $122
149. &nbsp;


 the Company entered into an Equity Distribution
Agreement (the &quot;2013 Distribution Agreement&quot;) with Barrington
 as sales agent
 under which the Company could issue and
sell over time and from time to time
 to or through Barrington
 Shares of its common stock&nbsp;having a gross sales price of up
to $6.0 million.


 2014
 the Company sold 1
247
343
Shares pursuant to the 2013 Distribution Agreement
 with total gross proceeds of $1
231
241
 before deducting sales agent and offering
expenses of $64
198. No Shares were sold in the nine-month period from July 1
 2014 through March 31
 2015 under the 2013 Distribution
Agreement.


the expiration of the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-3 under which the shares were sold.

 &ndash; Holders of the Company&rsquo;s
10% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 par value $0.01 per share (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;) were entitled to receive
cumulative dividends at the rate per share (as a percentage of the stated value of $1
000 per share) of 10% per annum
 whether
or not declared by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 which were only payable in shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock or upon a liquidation. For the year ended March 31
 2014
 the Company recorded
accrued dividends of $384
599
 included as an increase in the accumulated deficit and in additional paid-in capital on the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets.


 2014
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
approved the mandatory conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to their terms
 effective
on or about February 24
 2014. Pursuant to the mandatory conversion
 all 6
271 outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and accrued dividends thereon
 converted into 25
760
881 shares of common stock.

 &mdash; In the period
prior to the February 11
 2014 mandatory conversion
 holders of Series A Preferred Stock converted 430 shares of Series A Preferred
Stock
 and accrued dividends thereon
 into 1
704
729 shares of common stock.

 - In the year ended March
31
 2015
 Convertible Note holders converted $350
000 of Convertible Notes and $787 of accrued interest thereon into 389
676 shares
of common stock.&nbsp;




to reduce its exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. The Company recognizes in the balance sheet derivative contracts at fair
value
 and reflects any net gains and losses currently in earnings. At March 31
 2015 and 2014
 the Company had no forward contracts
outstanding. Gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts
 which was de minimis during the periods presented
 is included
in other income and expense.




 &ldquo;Income
Taxes&rdquo;
 which requires the recognition of tax benefits or expense on the temporary differences between the tax basis and
book basis of its assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those differences are expected to be recovered or settled.


    
    



and state tax jurisdictions. The Company has various foreign subsidiaries for which tax years 2009 through 2015 remain open to
examination in certain foreign tax jurisdictions.


31
 2015 and the Company&rsquo;s income tax benefit for the year ended March 31
 2014 both consist of federal
 state and local
taxes attributable to GCP
 which does not file a consolidated income tax return with the Company
 and foreign taxes. As of March
31
 2015
 the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $80
200
000 for U.S. tax purposes
 which expire
through 2035
 and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $19
900
000
 which carry forward without limit of time.
Utilization of the U.S. tax losses may be limited by the &ldquo;change of ownership&rdquo; rules as set forth in section 382 of
the Internal Revenue Code.


 on a financial statement basis
 from foreign
sources totaled $90
466 for the year ended March 31
 2015 and $168
233 for the year ended March 31
 2014.


subsidiaries at March 31
 2015 and 2014.






    
    
    
    

    
 2015:
    
    
    

    
608
589
382
232
990
821

    
214
958
73
220
288
178

    
823
547
455
452
1
278
999

    
    
    
    

    
 2014:
    
    
    

    
    
31
068
31
068

    
(550
482
(71
000
(621
482

    
(550
482
(39
932
(590
414



 2015 the Company incurred $19
501
in interest and penalties which has been included in general and administrative expense on the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations.


rate and the federal statutory rate of 34%.




    
Years&nbsp;ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
    
    


 at 34%
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





reconciliation of the effective income tax rate to conform to the current year presentation. 


 the Company recorded
a deferred tax liability on the ascribed value of the acquired intangible assets of $2
222
222
 increasing the value of the asset.
The deferred tax liability is being reversed over the amortization period of the intangible asset (15&nbsp;years). For the year
ended March 31
 2015 the Company recognized $1
278
999 of income tax expense
 net and for the year ended March 31
 2014
 the Company
recognized $590
414 of income tax benefit
 net.


tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented below.



    
March&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
74
000
72
000

    
5
000
5
000

    
518
000
304
000

    
2
440
000
2
125
000

    
    
206
000

    
32
676
000
32
186
000

    
1
990
000
1
974
000

    
2
000
2
000

    
    
    

    
37
705
000
36
874
000

    
(37
668
000
(36
401
000

    
    
    

    
37
000
473
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(629
444
(629
444

    
(740
708
(888
863

    
    
    

    
(1
370
152
(1
518
307



there was a true-up of March 31
 2014 net operating loss carryforwards - US by $2
520
000 that was offset by a change in
the valuation allowance of $2
520
000.


    
    



 2013
 the Company recorded a full valuation
allowance against its deferred tax assets as it believed it was more likely than not that such deferred tax assets would not be
realized. The Company released its deferred tax asset valuation allowance allocated to GCP as of March 31
 2014 due to management&rsquo;s
determination that it was &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; that the GCP&rsquo;s deferred tax assets would be realized. &ldquo;More
likely than not&rdquo; is defined as greater than 50% probability of occurrence. Management considered the guidance in paragraphs
21-23 of ASC 740-10-30 in forming its conclusion. A determination as to the ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is
dependent upon management&rsquo;s judgment and evaluation of both positive and negative evidence
 forecasts of future taxable income
applicable tax planning strategies
 and an assessment of current and future economic and business conditions. In 2014
 GCP was
in a position of cumulative profitability on a pre-tax basis
 considering its operating results for the three years ended March
31
 2014. Management concluded that this record of cumulative profitability in recent years
 in addition to a long range forecast
showing continued profitability for GCP
 provided sufficient positive evidence that the net U.S. federal tax benefits more likely
than not would be realized. Accordingly
 in the year ended March 31
 2014
 the Company released the valuation allowance against
GCP&rsquo;s net federal deferred assets
 resulting in a $473
330 benefit in provision for income taxes for the year ended March
31
 2014. The Company recognized the $473
330 benefit in provision for income taxes as an expense for the year ended March 31
2015. In addition
 at March 31
 2014
 the Company changed its estimate of the cumulative deferred tax asset allocated to the amortization
of intangibles. The Company&rsquo;s income tax benefit and effective tax rate for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 reflect
the impact of this valuation allowance reversal and change in estimate.


March 31
 2015 and 2014 was approximately $37
668
000 and $36
401
000
 respectively. The net change in the total valuation
allowance for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014 was $1
267
000 and $258
000
 respectively. The Company does not offset
its deferred tax assets and liabilities because its deferred tax assets and liabilities are in different taxable entities
which do not file consolidated returns.





    
    
Stock Incentive Plan
    
 the Company implemented the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2003 Plan&rdquo;)
 which
    provides for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
    employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. Stock option grants under the Plan are granted
    with an exercise price at or above the fair market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant
 generally vest
    over a three to five year period and expire ten years after the grant date.

    
    
    

    
    
As established
 there were 2
000
000
    shares of common stock available for distribution under the 2003 Plan. In January&nbsp;2009
 the Company&rsquo;s shareholders
    approved an amendment to the  2003 Plan to increase the number of shares available under the  2003 Plan from 2
000
000 to 12
000
000 and
    to establish the maximum number of shares issuable to any one individual in any particular year. As of August 2013
 no new
    awards may be issued under the 2003 Plan.

    
    
    

    
    
In October 2012
 the Company&rsquo;s shareholders approved the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan (&ldquo;2013 Plan&rdquo;) which provides for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. As of March 31
 2015
 2
779
000 shares had been issued under the 2013 Plan
 with 7
221
000 shares remaining available for issuance.

    
    
    

    
    

2015 and 2014 amounted to $787
710 and $393
914
 respectively
 of which $178
137 and $81
567
 respectively
 is included in selling
expense and $609
573 and $312
347
 respectively
 is included in general and administrative expense for the years ended March 31
2015 and 2014
 respectively. At March 31
 2015
 total unrecognized compensation cost amounted to approximately $1
608
518
 representing
4
924
055 unvested options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.22&nbsp;years. There were
677
127 options and 80
758 options exercised during the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The Company did not recognize any related tax benefit for the years ended March 31
 2015
and 2014
 as the effects were de minimis.

    
    
    

    
    
 &mdash; A
summary of the options outstanding under the 2003 and 2013 Plans is as follows:




    
Years&nbsp;ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
11
174
007
    
8
120
765
    

    
2
525
000
    
3
300
000
    

    
(677
127
    
(80
758
    

    
(1
033
692
    
(166
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
11
988
188
    
11
174
007
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
7
064
133
    
5
511
447
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    



outstanding and exercisable at March 31
 2015:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
580
300
    
580
300
    
682
957

    
8
532
888
    
6
076
833
    
6
470
305

    
2
741
000
    
273
000
    
69
870

    
17
000
    
17
000
    
    

    
109
500
    
109
500
    
    

    
7
500
    
7
500
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
11
988
188
    
7
064
133
    
7
223
132



 2015 were 7
064
133.
The weighted average exercise price of these options was $0.49. The weighted average remaining life of the options outstanding
was 6.73&nbsp;years and of the options exercisable was 5.56&nbsp;years.


unvested options for the years ended March 31
 2015  and 2014:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2013
3
871
807
    

    
    
    

    
3
300
000
    

    
(10
000
    

    
(1
499
247
    

    
    
    


 2014
5
662
560
    

    
    
    

    
2
525
000
    

    
(954
083
    

    
(2
309
422
    

    
    
    


 2015
4
924
055
    



each award under the 2003 and 2013 Plans is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and is
affected by assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. The use of an option pricing model also
requires the use of a number of complex assumptions including expected volatility
 risk-free interest rate
 expected
dividends
 and expected term. Expected volatility is based on the Company&rsquo;s historical volatility and the volatility of
a peer group of companies over the expected life of the option. The expected term and vesting of the options represents the
estimated period of time until exercise. The expected term was determined using the simplified method available under current
guidance. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the
expected term of the option. The Company has not paid dividends on its common stock in the past and does not plan to pay any
dividends on its common stock in the near future. Current authoritative guidance also requires the Company to estimate
forfeitures at the time of grant and revise these estimates
 if necessary
 in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ
from those estimates. The Company estimates forfeitures based on its expectation of future experience while considering
its historical experience.


    
    



the Black-Scholes option pricing model utilizing the following weighted average assumptions:




    
March&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






    
    
    


2011 Warrants issued in connection
with the Series A Preferred Stock


in connection with the Series A Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;2011 Warrants&rdquo;) had an exercise price of $0.38 per share
subject to adjustment
 and&nbsp;were exercisable for a period of five years.&nbsp;The exercise price of the 2011 Warrants was
equal to 125% of the conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock.


in June 2011 in the consolidated financial statements as a liability&nbsp;at their initial fair value of $487
022 and accounted
for the 2011 Warrants issued in October 2011 as a liability&nbsp;at their initial fair value of $780
972. Changes in the fair value
of the 2011 Warrants were recognized in earnings for each subsequent reporting period. In November 2013
 in accordance with certain
terms of the 2011 Warrants
 the down-round provisions included in the terms of the warrant ceased to be in force or effect as a
result of the historical volume weighted average price and trading volume of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The Company then
reclassed the fair value of the outstanding warrant liability of $6
187
968 to equity
 resulting in an increase to additional paid-in
capital.&nbsp;


 2014 the Company recorded
a loss&nbsp;on the change in the value of the 2011 Warrants of $5
392
594.


under the valuation hierarchy and was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model utilizing the following assumptions:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


2011 Warrants
exercised
 2014
 the Company called for the cancellation of all 1
657
802 unexercised 2011 Warrants
pursuant to the terms of such 2011 Warrants after satisfying applicable conditions. Pursuant to the call for cancellation
holders of all 1
657
802 unexercised 2011 Warrants exercised such 2011 Warrants and received 1
657
802 shares of common
stock. The Company received $629
965 in cash upon the exercise of these warrants. In the year ended March 31
 2014
 holders
of 2011 Warrants exercised 10
127
123 2011 Warrants and received shares of common stock. The Company received $3
848
332 in
cash upon the exercise of these warrants. These exercised warrants had a weighted average fair market value of $0.50 at
exercise date.



 2014
 1
543
214 warrant shares expired unexercised with a




warrants for the periods presented:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 March 31
 2013
11
904
925
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(10
127
123
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 March&nbsp;31
 2014
1
777
802
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
657
802
    

    
    
    


 March 31
 2015
120
000
    



    
    






    
    
Pallini S.p.A. (&ldquo;Pallini&rdquo;)
 as successor in interest to I.L.A.R. S.p.A.
 is a shareholder in the Company and one of the officers of Pallini served as a director of the Company until March 26
 2015. In January 2011
 CB-USA entered into an agreement (&quot;New Agreement&quot;) with Pallini regarding the importation and distribution of certain Pallini brand products. The terms of the New Agreement were effective as of April 1
 2010.

    
    
    

    
    


 the Company is permitted to import
        Pallini Limoncello and its flavor extensions at a set price
 updated annually
 and is obligated to set aside a portion of the gross
        margin toward a marketing fund for Pallini. The New Agreement also encompasses the hiring of a Pallini Brand Manager at the Company
        with Pallini reimbursing the costs of this position up to a stipulated annual amount. These reimbursements are included in selling
        expense.
        

 2015
        and 2014
 the Company         purchased goods from Pallini for $3
840
446 and $3
467
812
 respectively. As of March
        31
 2015 and 2014
 Pallini owed the Company         $138
750 and $115
288
 respectively
 for its share of marketing expense
        which is included in due from shareholders and affiliates         on the consolidated balance sheet. As of March 31
 2015 and
        2014
 the Company was indebted to Pallini for $511
146 and $229
557
         respectively
 which is included in due to
        shareholders and affiliates on the consolidated balance sheet.
        

    
    
In November&nbsp;2008
 the Company entered into a management services agreement with Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder
 under which Vector Group agreed to make available to the Company the services of Richard J. Lampen
 Vector Group&rsquo;s executive vice president
 effective October&nbsp;11
 2008 to serve as the Company&rsquo;s president and chief executive officer and to provide certain other financial and accounting services
 including assistance with complying with Section&nbsp;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In consideration for such services
 the Company agreed to pay Vector Group an annual fee of $100
000
 plus any direct
 out-of-pocket costs
 fees and other expenses incurred by Vector Group or Mr.&nbsp;Lampen in connection with providing such services
 and to indemnify Vector Group for any liabilities arising out of the provision of the services. The agreement is terminable by either party upon 30&nbsp;days&rsquo; prior written notice. For the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 Vector Group was paid $135
475 and $104
746
 respectively
 under this agreement. These charges have been included in general and administrative expense.




    
    
In November&nbsp;2008
 the Company entered into an agreement to reimburse Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. (&ldquo;LTS&rdquo;) for its costs in providing certain administrative
 legal and financial services to the Company. For the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 LTS was paid $210
875 and $126
000
 respectively
 under this agreement. Mr.&nbsp;Lampen
 the Company&rsquo;s president and chief executive officer and a director
 is the president and chief executive officer and a director of LTS and four other directors of the Company serve as directors of LTS
 including Phillip Frost
 M.D. who is the Chairman and principal shareholder of LTS.




    
    
As described in Note 8D
 in March 2013
 the Company entered into a Participation Agreement with certain related parties. As described in Notes 8E and 8F
 in August and October 2013
 the Company entered into various notes with certain related parties.






    
    
The Company has entered
    into a supply agreement with Irish Distillers Limited (&ldquo;IDL&rdquo;)
 which provides for the production of blended Irish
    whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL
    may terminate the contract if it provides at least six years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this
    agreement
 the Company provides IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the
    next four fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 90% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the
    contract year ending June 30
 2015
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &euro;774
662 or
    $840
516&nbsp;(translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &euro;729
533
&nbsp;or
    $791
551
&nbsp;has been purchased as of March 31
 2015. For the contract year ending June 30
 2016
 the Company has
    contracted to purchase approximately &euro;833
673 or $904
544 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate) in bulk Irish
    whiskey. The Company is not obligated to pay IDL for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement
    IDL has the right to limit additional purchases above the commitment amount.




    
    


        supply agreement with IDL
         which provides for the production of single malt Irish whiskeys for the Company until the
        contract is terminated by either party         in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract
        if it provides at least thirteen years prior notice         to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the
        Company provides IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount of liters         of pure alcohol it requires for the next
        twelve fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 80% of that amount
 subject to certain         annual adjustments. For
        the contract year ending June 30
 2015
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &euro;303
998         or
        $329
841&nbsp;(translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &euro;217
865
        or&nbsp;$236
386
&nbsp;has         been purchased as of March 31
 2015. For the year ending June 30
 2016
 the Company has
        contracted to purchase approximately &euro;343
787 or $373
012 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate) in bulk Irish
        whiskey. The Company is not obligated to pay IDL for any product not yet received. During the term         of this supply
        agreement
 IDL has the right to limit additional purchases above the commitment amount.
        

    
    
The Company has a distribution agreement with Gaelic Heritage Corporation
 Ltd.
 an international supplier
 to be the sole-producer of Celtic Honey
 one of the Company&rsquo;s products
 for an indefinite period.




    
    
The Company leases office space in New York
 NY
 Dublin
 Ireland and Houston
 TX. The New York
 NY lease began on May 1
 2010 and expires on April 30
 2016 and provides for monthly payments of $19
975. The Dublin lease commenced on March 1
 2009 and extends through October 31
 2016 and provides for monthly payments of&nbsp;&euro;1
100 or $1
194 (translated at the March 31
 2015 exchange rate). The Houston
 TX lease commenced on April 27
 2015 and extends through June 26
 2018 and provides for monthly payments of $3
440. The Company has also entered into non-cancelable operating leases for certain office equipment.



    
    



initial or remaining terms in excess of one year are as follows:



Years&nbsp;ending&nbsp;March&nbsp;31

    

    
289
379

    
70
012

    
42
546

    
10
742

    
    

    
412
679



In addition to the above annual rental payments
 the
Company is obligated to pay its pro-rata share of utility and maintenance expenses on the leased premises. Rent expense under
operating leases amounted to approximately $359
714 and $356
280 for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 and





    
    
Under the amended terms
    of the agreement under which the Company purchased McLain &amp; Kyne
 the Company was obligated to pay an earn-out to the
    sellers based on the financial performance of the acquired business. As of June 30
 2013
 the Company had reached the
    specified case sale threshold for contingent consideration under the agreement. Accordingly
 no further contingent
    consideration will be due. For the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 the sellers earned $0 and $5
940
    respectively
 under this agreement.




    
    


 in August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA
        entered into the Keltic Facility
 as amended in July 2012
 March 2013
 August 2013
 November 2013
 August 2014 and September 2014.
        

    
    


 the Company believes that neither
        it nor any of its subsidiaries is currently subject to litigation which
 in the opinion of management after consultation with counsel
        is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company.
        

        relating to claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. These claims
 even if not meritorious
 could result in the expenditure
        of significant financial and managerial resources.






    
    
 &mdash; The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents balances at various large financial institutions that
 at times
 may exceed federally and internationally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk or cash.

    
    
    

    
    
 &mdash; Sales to one customer
 the Southern Wine and Spirits of America
 Inc. family of companies
 accounted for approximately 29.7% and 31.9% of the Company&rsquo;s net sales for the years ended March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 and approximately 30.1% and 35.1% of accounts receivable at March 31
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.





of premium beverage alcohol. The Company&rsquo;s product categories are rum and related products
 liqueur
 whiskey
 vodka and tequila.
The Company reports its operations in two geographic areas: International and United States.


generated in or held in the U.S. and foreign countries. The following table sets forth the amounts and percentage of consolidated
sales
 net
 consolidated income (loss) from operations
 consolidated net loss attributable to controlling interests
 consolidated
income tax (expense) benefit and consolidated assets from the U.S. and foreign countries and consolidated sales
 net by category.


    
    




    
Years&nbsp;ended&nbsp;March&nbsp;31


    
    
    


 net:
    
    
    
    

    
7
938
393
    
7
305
516
    

    
49
519
028
    
40
834
967
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net
57
457
421
    
48
140
483
    

    
    
    
    
    


    from     Operations:
    
    
    
    

    
17
172
    
    
    

    
(1
095
077
    
(1
319
567
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(1
077
905
    
(1
319
833
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(101
453
    
(153
419
    

    
(3
698
289
    
(8
753
328
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(3
799
742
    
(8
906
747
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net:
    
    
    
    

    
(1
278
999
    
590
414
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net by category:
    
    
    
    

    
16
998
034
    
16
643
640
    

    
19
147
028
    
13
521
875
    

    
8
756
376
    
8
992
277
    

    
2
413
994
    
2
852
956
    

    
208
845
    
218
552
    

    
    
    
284
806
    

    
9
933
144
    
5
626
377
    

    
    
    
    
    


 net
57
457
421
    
48
140
483
    




    
As&nbsp;of&nbsp;March&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
2
052
583
    
2
201
343
    

    
41
986
357
    
34
320
167
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
44
038
940
    
36
521
510
    




 - Between
April 1
 2015 and June 11
 2015
 the Company sold an additional&nbsp;633
209 Shares pursuant to the 2014 Distribution Agreement
with total gross proceeds of $1
040
541
 before deducting sales agent and offering expenses of $20
870.





 the Company
purchased approximately 20% of Copperhead Distillery Company (&ldquo;Copperhead&rdquo;) for $500
000. Copperhead owns and
operates the Kentucky Artisan Distillery. The investment is part of a wide-reaching agreement to build a new warehouse to
store Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons
 provide distilling capabilities using special mash-bills made from locally grown grains
and create a visitor center and store to enhance the consumer experience for the Jefferson&rsquo;s brand. The Company&rsquo;s
investment will be used for the construction of a new warehouse in Crestwood
 Kentucky dedicated exclusively to
Jefferson&rsquo;s and will be accounted for under the equity method of accounting.


    
    


Item&nbsp;9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure








(as defined in Rules&nbsp;13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information that would be required to be disclosed in Exchange Act reports is recorded
processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 respectively)
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.


 2015
 we carried out an evaluation
under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing
 our
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in the securities laws
 internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 our Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officers and effected
by our Board of Directors
 management
 and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that (i)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and (iii)&nbsp;provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements.


is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.


 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


effectiveness of the internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule&nbsp;13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange
Act) as of March 31
 2015
 issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.


 including the Principal Executive
and Principal Financial Officers
 have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31

Integrated Framework (1992)


 an independent registered
public accounting firm
 has audited our consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal controls over financial
reporting as of March 31
 2015 as stated in its reports which are included herein.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


control over financial reporting that occurred in the fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely
to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.



    
    


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm







subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2015
 based on criteria established
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;). The Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying
Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.


 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 the Company maintained
in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2015
 based on criteria established
in the 1992 


 in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated balance sheets of the Company
as of March 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive loss
 changes in shareholders&rsquo;
equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31
 2015
 and our report dated June 15
 2015 expressed
an unqualified opinion thereon.




 New York

 2015


    
    







    
    




Item&nbsp;10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance


be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed with the SEC not later
than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report
 and incorporated herein by reference or
 alternatively
by amendment to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than the end of such 120 day period.&nbsp;




be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed with the SEC not later
than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report
 and incorporated herein by reference or
 alternatively
by amendment to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than the end of such 120 day period.&nbsp;

Item&nbsp;12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Shareholder Matters


plans is set forth in Item 5 of this annual report&nbsp;on Form 10-K and is&nbsp;incorporated herein&nbsp;by reference.


required by this Item&nbsp;12 will be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report
 and incorporated herein
by reference or
 alternatively
 by amendment to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than the end of such 120 day
period.&nbsp;

Item&nbsp;13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence


be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed with the SEC not later
than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report
 and incorporated herein by reference or
 alternatively
by amendment to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than the end of such 120 day period.&nbsp;




be contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
 to be filed with the SEC not later
than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this report
 and incorporated herein by reference or
 alternatively
by amendment to this Form 10-K under cover of Form 10-K/A no later than the end of such 120 day period.&nbsp;



Item&nbsp;15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
Exhibits &mdash; The following exhibits are filed as part of
 or incorporated by reference into
 this annual report on Form 10-K:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Equity Distribution Agreement
 dated November 20
 2014
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Barrington Research Associates
 Inc.
 as sales agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Composite Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to&nbsp;our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2014 filed with the SEC on June 30
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Appendix E to our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on December 30
 2009)



    
    




    
    
Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-8 (File No. 333-160380) filed with the SEC on March 10
 2010)

    
    
    

    
    


Security Agreement
 dated as of September 22
 2014
 by and among ACF FinCo I LP
 the Company and Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 24
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Term Note
 dated as of September 22
 2014
 in favor of ACF FinCo I LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 24
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note
 dated as of September 22
 2014
 in favor of ACF FinCo I LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 24
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
5% Convertible Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement 
 dated as of October 21
 2013
 among the Company and the parties set forth on the signature pages attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 25
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of 5% Subordinated Convertible Note Due 2018
 issued by the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Export Agreement
 dated as of
    February&nbsp;14
 2005 between Gosling Partners Inc. and Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda) Limited (Exhibit
    10.1)(1)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No.&nbsp;1 to Export
    Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;18
 2005
 by and among Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. and Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda)
    Limited (Exhibit 10.2)(1)(2)




    
    
National Distribution
    Agreement
 dated as of September&nbsp;3
 2004
 by and between Castle Brands (USA)&nbsp;Corp. and Gosling&rsquo;s Export
    (Bermuda) Limited (Exhibit 10.3)(1)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
Subscription Agreement
 dated as of
    February&nbsp;18
 2005
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. (Exhibit 10.4)(1)

    
    
    

    
    
Stockholders' Agreement
 dated February&nbsp;18
 2005
 by and among Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. and the persons listed on Schedule&nbsp;I thereto (Exhibit 10.5)(1)

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement
 dated as of January 12
 2011
 between Pallini SpA and Castle Brands (USA)&nbsp;Corp. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on January 18
 2011) (2)

    
    
    

    
    
Supply Agreement
 dated as of
    January&nbsp;1
 2005
 between Irish Distillers Limited and Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited and Castle Brands (USA) Corp.
    (Exhibit 10.8)(1)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No.&nbsp;1 to Supply
    Agreement
 dated as of September&nbsp;20
 2005
 to the Supply Agreement
 dated as of January&nbsp;1
 2005
 among Irish
    Distillers Limited and Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited and Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (Exhibit 10.9)(1)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Worldwide
    Distribution Agreement
 dated as of April 16
 2001
 by and between Great Spirits Company LLC and Gaelic Heritage Corporation
    Limited (Exhibit 10.10)(1)

    
    
    

    
    
Letter Agreement
 dated November&nbsp;7
 2008
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Vector Group Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on November&nbsp;12
 2008)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into with directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Castle Brands Inc. Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on June 16
 2006)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of November&nbsp;13
 2007
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Alfred J. Small (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on November&nbsp;13
 2007)#



    
    





    
    
Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 effective as of February 26
 2010
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Mark Andrews (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on March 1
 2010)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 effective as of May&nbsp;2
 2005
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and T. Kelley Spillane (1)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of May 6
 2010
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Alfred J. Small (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on May 7
 2010)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of May&nbsp;6
 2010
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and T.&nbsp;&nbsp;Kelley Spillane (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on May 7
 2010)#

    
    
    

    
    
Reaffirmation Agreement
 dated as of September 22
 2014
 by and among the Company
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp.
 the officers signatory thereto
 certain term loan participants and certain junior lenders to the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 24
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Castle Brands Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan
 as amended (Exhibit&nbsp;10.29)(1)#

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No. 2 to Castle Brands Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to&nbsp;our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30
 2009 filed with the SEC on June 29
 2009)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement
 dated September&nbsp;27
 2005
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Keltic Financial Partners
 LP (Exhibit&nbsp;10.52)(1)

    
    
    

    
        
    
        
    
        

        to Exhibit 10.5 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February&nbsp;17
 2009)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No. 2 to Bottling and Services Agreement
 dated as of July 23
 2009
 by and between Terra Limited and Castle Brands Spirits Company Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to&nbsp;our current report on Form 8-K filed on July 29
 2009)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement
 made as of January 24
 2008
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and John S. Glover (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Amendment No. 1 to our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 29
 2009)#

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Validity and Support Agreement
 dated as of August 19
 2011
 among Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP
 the Company
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. and the officer signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 25
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    
Fee Letter
 dated as of March 11
 2013
 among the Company
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. and the junior participants party thereto (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14
 2013)





    
    




    
    
Amendment to Employment Agreement
 made as of July 26
 2011
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and John S. Glover (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 27
 2011).#

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Letter
 dated July 29
 2011
 by and between Castle Brands USA Corp. and Maria Alejandra Pena (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14
 2011) #

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of May&nbsp;11
 2012
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and T. Kelley Spillane (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed on May 17
 2012)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of May 11
 2012
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Alfred J. Small (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K filed on May 17
 2012)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 effective as of May 11
 2012
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Mark Andrews (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.3 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed on May 17
 2012)#

    
    
    

    
    
Castle Brands Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for the 2012 annual meeting of shareholders
 filed with the SEC on September 11
 2012)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of January 24
 2014
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Mark Andrews (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed on January 27
 2014)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of January 24
 2014
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and John Glover (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed on January 27
 2014)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of January 24
 2014
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and T. Kelley Spillane (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.3 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed on January 27
 2014)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of January 24
 2014
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Alfred J. Small (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.4 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed on January 27
 2014)#

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of CEO Pursuant to Rule&nbsp;13a-14(a)
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of CFO Pursuant to Rule&nbsp;13a-14(a)
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    




    
    




    
Previously filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-128676)
 which was declared effective on April 5
 2006
 and incorporated by reference herein.




    
Confidential portions of this document are omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment that has been granted by the Commission
 and have been filed separately with the Commission.



    
    





or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized
 on June 15
 2015.



    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Senior Vice President
 Chief Financial

    
    
Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer (Principal

    
    
    

    
    
    





constitutes and appoints each of Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small
 such person&rsquo;s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and
agent with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 for such person and in such person&rsquo;s name
 place and stead
 in
any and all capacities
 to sign any and all amendments to this report on Form 10-K
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto
and all documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 granting unto each said attorney-in-fact
and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises
 as fully to all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming
all that any said attorney-in-fact and agent
 or any substitute or substitutes of any of them
 may lawfully do or cause to be done
by virtue hereof.


Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/&nbsp;
    
    
    
    
June 15
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/&nbsp;
    
    
Senior&nbsp;Vice&nbsp;President
&nbsp;Chief&nbsp;Financial
    
June 15
 2015

    
    
Officer
&nbsp;Secretary&nbsp;and&nbsp;Treasurer&nbsp;(Principal
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/&nbsp;
    
    
    
    
June 15
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/&nbsp;
    
    
    
    
June 15
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/&nbsp;
    
    
    
    
June 15
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/

 M.D.
    
    
    
June 15
 2015

Phillip Frost
 M.D.
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    
    
    
    
June 15
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    
    
    
    
June 15
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    
    
    
    
June 15
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    
    
    
    
June 15
 2015

    
    
    
    
    



    














     










    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Delaware
 USA

    
    
    

    
    
Delaware
 USA

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    














     







CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM


in the Registration Statements of Castle Brands Inc. on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-198414
 333-176005 and 333-143422) and Form S-8 (Nos.
333-133567
 333-160380 and 333-189750) of our reports dated June 15
 2015
 on our audits of the consolidated financial statements
as of March 31
 2015 and 2014 and for each of the years in the two year period ended March 31
 2015
 and the effectiveness of Castle
Brands Inc.&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2015
 which reports are included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.



    

New York
 New York &nbsp;

June 15
 2015 &nbsp;



    














     









 Richard J. Lampen
 certify that:



    
    




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and





    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date: June 15
 2015
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    














     









 Alfred J. Small
 certify that:



    
    
    




    
    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and





    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date: June 15
 2015&nbsp;
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    














     







18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


 as adopted
pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Richard J. Lampen
 the President and Chief Executive Officer of
Castle Brands Inc. (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;) and Alfred J. Small
 Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant
 each hereby certifies
that:


on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31
 2015 (the &ldquo;Periodic Report&rdquo;) fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and


Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.


 2015



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    







