

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-13-037596
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20130331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130701
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130701
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Castle Brands Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001311538
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32849
		FILM NUMBER:		13945422
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		122 EAST 42ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4700
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10168
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-356-0200
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		122 EAST 42ND STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 4700
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10168









     








Washington
&nbsp;D.C. 20549









For the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013










its charter)



    
    
    

    

    
    


    
    
    

122&nbsp;East&nbsp;42nd &nbsp;Street
&nbsp;Suite&nbsp;4700
    
    

New&nbsp;York
&nbsp;New&nbsp;York
    
    

    
    
    


Registrant&rsquo;s telephone number
including area code (646)&nbsp;356-0200









    
    
    

Common&nbsp;stock
&nbsp;$0.01&nbsp;par&nbsp;value
    
    


Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(g)
of the Act:




is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule&nbsp;405 of the Securities Act. Yes&nbsp; 
No&nbsp; 


is not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act. Yes&nbsp; 
No&nbsp; 


(1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12&nbsp;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90&nbsp;days. Yes&nbsp; 
No 


has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp; 
No&nbsp; 


filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation&nbsp;S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s
knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part&nbsp;III of this Form&nbsp;10-K or any
amendment to this Form&nbsp;10-K. 


is a large accelerated filer
 accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.&nbsp;&nbsp;See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    

    
    
    



 No&nbsp;



common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the September 30
 2012 closing price was approximately $11
600
000&nbsp;based
on&nbsp;the closing price per share as reported on the NYSE MKT on such date. The registrant had 109
822
526 shares of common stock
outstanding at June 25
 2013.




 11
 12
 13
and 14)&nbsp;of this annual report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120&nbsp;days after the end of the
registrant&rsquo;s fiscal year covered by this report.




    


    
    










    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    




    
    








premium brands in the following beverage alcohol categories: rum
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka and tequila. We distribute our products
in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia
 in thirteen primary international markets
 including Ireland
 Great Britain
Northern Ireland
 Germany
 Canada
 South Africa
 Bulgaria
 France
 Russia
 Finland
 Norway
 Sweden
 China and the Duty Free markets
and in a number of other countries in continental Europe and Latin America. We market the following brands
 among others
 Gosling&rsquo;s
Rum
 Gosling&rsquo;s Stormy Ginger Beer
 ready-to-drink cocktail
Jefferson&rsquo;s
 bourbons
Jefferson&rsquo;s Rye whiskey
 liqueurs
 Irish whiskey
 Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 Irish Cream
vodka
 tequila
 liqueur
sambucas
 Travis Hasse&rsquo;s Original





. We are
the exclusive U.S. distributor for Gosling&rsquo;s rums
 including Gosling&rsquo;s Black Seal Dark Rum
 Gosling&rsquo;s Gold Bermuda
Rum and Gosling&rsquo;s Old Rum. The Gosling family produces these rums in Bermuda
 where Gosling&rsquo;s rums have been under
continuous production and ownership by the Gosling family for over 200&nbsp;years. We hold a 60% controlling interest in Gosling-Castle
Partners
 Inc.
 a global export venture between us and the Gosling family. Gosling-Castle Partners has the exclusive long-term
export and distribution rights for the Gosling&rsquo;s rum products for all countries other than Bermuda. The Gosling&rsquo;s rum
brands accounted for approximately 37% and 36% of our revenues for our 2013 and 2012 fiscal years
 respectively. We have also introduced
Gosling&rsquo;s Stormy Ginger Beer
 an essential non-alcoholic ingredient in Gosling&rsquo;s trademarked Dark &lsquo;n Stormy&reg;
rum cocktail
 Gosling's Dark &lsquo;n Stormy&reg; cocktail in a ready-to-drink can
 and Gosling&rsquo;s Rum Swizzle
 the famous
Bermuda classic made with Gosling&rsquo;s Black Seal Rum
 Gosling&rsquo;s Gold Bermuda Rum and a blend of island flavors that include
pineapple and orange.

Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons and rye
. We develop and market three premium
 very small batch bourbons: Jefferson&rsquo;s
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Reserve and
Jefferson&rsquo;s Presidential Select. Each of these three distinct premium Kentucky bourbons
 is blended in batches of eight to
twelve barrels to produce specific flavor profiles. We also produce Jefferson's Straight Rye Whiskey
 a premium whiskey distilled
from 100% North American rye.

. We have
the long-term exclusive U.S. distribution rights (excluding duty free sales) for Pallini Limoncello and its related brand extensions.
Pallini Limoncello is a premium lemon liqueur
 which is served iced cold
 on the rocks or as an ingredient in a wide variety of
drinks
 ranging from martinis to iced tea. It is also used in cooking
 particularly for pastries and cakes. Pallini Limoncello
is crafted from an authentic family recipe. It is made with Italy&rsquo;s finest Sfusato Amalfitano lemons that are hand-selected
for optimal freshness and flavor. There are two other flavor extensions of this Italian liqueur: Pallini Peachcello
 made with
white peaches
 and Pallini Raspicello
 made from a combination of raspberries and other berries.

.
Our family of Clontarf Irish whiskeys currently represents a majority of our case sales of Irish whiskey. Clontarf is an accessible
and smooth premium Irish whiskey
 is distilled using quality grains and pure Irish spring water. Clontarf is then aged in bourbon
barrels and mellowed through Irish oak charcoal. Clontarf is available in single malt and classic versions.

Knappogue Castle
. We developed our Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a single malt Irish whiskey
 to build on both the popularity of
single malt Scotch whisky and the growth in the Irish whiskey category. Knappogue Castle Whiskey is distilled in pot stills
using malted barley and is aged twelve years. We have recently introduced Knappogue Twin Wood
 the first Sherry Finished
Knappogue Castle Whiskey. The whiskey is matured for sixteen years in two types of wood resulting in a perfectly
balanced single malt Irish whiskey with a complex
 rich taste and a slightly sweet sherry finish.

. Knappogue
Castle 1951 is a pure pot-still whiskey that was distilled in 1951 and then aged for 36&nbsp;years in sherry casks. The name comes
from an Irish castle
 formerly owned by Mark Edwin Andrews
 the originator of the brand and the father of Mark Andrews
 our chairman.


    
    


.
Brady&rsquo;s Irish Cream
 a high quality Irish cream
 is made in small batches using Irish whiskey
 dairy fresh cream and natural
flavors.&nbsp;

. Boru vodka
 a
premium vodka produced in Ireland
 was developed in 1998 and is named after the legendary High King of Ireland
 Brian Boru
 who
united the Irish clans and drove foreign invaders out of Ireland. It is five-times distilled using pure spring water for smoothness
and filtered through ten feet of charcoal made from Irish oak for increased purity. We offer three flavor extensions of Boru vodka:
Boru Citrus
 Boru Orange
 and Boru Crazzberry (a cranberry/raspberry flavor fusion).

. In 2009
we launched an organic
 super-premium tequila
 or &ldquo;Tierras&rdquo;.
Tierras is a USDA certified organic tequila and is available as blanco
 reposado and a&ntilde;ejo. We are the exclusive U.S. importer
and marketer of Tierras.

. Celtic
Honey is a premium brand of Irish liqueur that is a unique combination of Irish spirits
 cognac and a taste of honey. Gaelic Heritage
Corporation Limited
 an affiliate of one of our bottlers
 has the exclusive rights to produce and supply us with Celtic Honey.

 In
May 2013
 we introduced Castello Mio
 a super premium sambuca. Castello Mio Sambuca is made by Brotto Distilleries S.r.L. (&ldquo;Brotto&rdquo;)
a family company with a tradition of crafting fine liqueurs in the Veneto region of Italy since the 1800&rsquo;s
 and is available
in the &ldquo;classico&rdquo; style as well as espresso.

Travis Hasse&rsquo;s Original Pie
 We are the exclusive global distributor for Travis Hasse&rsquo;s Original Pie Liqueurs
 including Travis Hasse&rsquo;s
Original Apple Pie Liqueur
 a blend of various types of apples
 spices and cinnamon
 and Travis Hasse's Original Cherry Pie Liqueur
a cherry-pie-filling flavor from the marriage of maraschino cherries and a hint of vanilla
 and Travis Hasse&rsquo;s Cow Pie Liqueur
a blend of chocolate
 vanilla
 caramel
 and neutral grain spirit. We have a 20% interest in DP Castle Partners
 LLC
 a joint venture
formed with Travis Hasse and his wholly owned Drink Pie
 LLC
 which we refer to as DPCP
 to manage the manufacturing and marketing
of Travis Hasse&rsquo;s Original Apple Pie Liqueur
 Cherry Pie Liqueur
 Cow Pie Liqueur and any future line extensions of the brand.
Under the terms of the agreement
 we will acquire an increasing stake in DPCP based on achieving certain case sale targets.

. In 2011
we became the exclusive U.S. distributor for Gozio Amaretto
 which is made from a secret recipe that combines selected fruits
from four continents.

In March
2013
 we determined to reduce our sales and marketing efforts on our wine brands
 which do not provide a material contribution to our results of operations. We made this decision to optimize our
resources and focus on our faster growing and more profitable spirits brands
 and to reduce the levels of working capital
required to maintain necessary inventory levels of bulk wine and finished goods. We intend to continue selling existing
finished goods wine inventory through our current sales channels
 but are actively seeking buyers for large lots and for our
bulk wine.





distinctive portfolio of global premium spirits brands as we move towards profitability. To achieve this
 we continue to seek to:



    
    
 We continue to focus our distribution relationships
 sales expertise and targeted marketing activities on our more profitable brands;

    
    
 We continue to review and analyze our supply chains and cost structures both on a company-wide and brand-by-brand basis
 to improve operations and operating results; and

    
    
 We intend to continue developing new brands and pursuing strategic relationships
 joint ventures and acquisitions to selectively expand our premium spirits portfolio
 particularly by capitalizing on and expanding our partnering capabilities. Our criteria for new brands focuses on underserved areas of the beverage alcohol marketplace
 while examining the potential for direct financial contribution to our company and the potential for future growth based on development and maturation of agency brands. We evaluate future acquisitions and agency relationships on the basis of their potential to be immediately accretive and their potential contributions to our objectives of becoming profitable and further expanding our product offerings. We expect that future acquisitions
 if consummated
 would involve some combination of cash
 debt and the issuance of our stock.





and supply process for beverage alcohol products. First
 all of our spirits products are distilled. This is a multi-stage process
that converts basic ingredients
 such as grain
 sugar cane or agave
 into alcohol. Next
 the alcohol is processed and/or aged in
various ways depending on the requirements of the specific brand. For our vodka
 this processing is designed to remove all other
chemicals
 so that the resulting liquid will be odorless and colorless
 and have a smooth quality with minimal harshness. Achieving
a high level of purity involves a series of distillations and filtration processes.



other spirits brands
 rather than removing flavor
 various complex flavor profiles are achieved through one or more of the following
techniques: infusion of fruit
 addition of various flavoring substances
 and
 in the case of rums and whiskeys
 aging of the brands
in various types of casks for extended periods of time and the blending of several rums or whiskeys to achieve a unique flavor
profile for each brand. After the distillation
 purification and flavoring processes are completed
 the various liquids are bottled.
This involves several important stages
 including bottle and label design and procurement
 filling of the bottles and packaging
the bottles in various configurations for shipment.


    
    



in distillation
 bottling or other production facilities or equipment. Instead
 we have entered into relationships with several
companies to provide those services to us. We believe that these types of arrangements allow us to avoid committing significant
amounts of capital to fixed assets and permit us to have the flexibility to meet growing sales levels by dealing with companies
whose capacity significantly exceeds our current needs. These relationships vary on a brand-by-brand basis as discussed below.
As part of our ongoing cost-containment efforts
 we intend to continue to review each of our business relationships to determine
if we can increase the efficiency of our operations.




by the Gosling&rsquo;s family in Hamilton
 Bermuda for over 200&nbsp;years and
 under our distribution arrangements with Gosling's
Export (Bermuda) Limited (&ldquo;Gosling&rsquo;s Export&rdquo;)
 they have retained the right to act as the sole supplier to Gosling-Castle
Partners Inc. with respect to our Gosling&rsquo;s rum requirements. Gosling's sources&nbsp;its rums in the Caribbean and transports
them to Bermuda where they are blended according to proprietary recipes. The rums are then sent to Heaven Hill Distilleries
 Inc.&rsquo;s
plant in Bardstown
 Kentucky where they are bottled
 packaged
 stored and shipped to our third-party warehouse. In 2007
 Gosling&rsquo;s
increased its blending and storage facilities in Bermuda to accommodate our supply needs for the foreseeable future. We believe
Heaven Hill has ample capacity to meet our projected supply needs. See &ldquo;Strategic brand-partner relationships.&rdquo;




 we entered into two long-term
supply agreements with Irish Distillers Limited
 a subsidiary of Pernod Ricard
 under which it has agreed to supply us with the
aged single malt and grain whiskeys used in our Knappogue Castle Whiskey and all of our Clontarf Irish whiskey products. The first
supply agreement provides for the production of blended Irish whiskeys for us until the contract is terminated by either party
in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least six years prior notice
 except
for breach. Under this agreement
 we provide IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount&nbsp;of liters of pure alcohol we require
for the next four fiscal contract years and agree to purchase that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. The second supply
agreement provides for the production of single malt Irish whiskeys for us until the contract is terminated by either party in
accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least thirteen years prior notice
except for breach. Under this agreement
 we provide IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount&nbsp;of liters of pure alcohol
we require for the next twelve fiscal contract years and agree to purchase that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments.
We are not obligated to pay for any product not yet received. The whiskeys are then sent to Terra Limited (&ldquo;Terra&rdquo;)
in Baileyboro
 Ireland
 where they are bottled in bottles we designed and packaged for shipment. We believe that both Terra
 which
also acts as bottler for certain of our Boru vodka and as producer and bottler of our Brady&rsquo;s Irish cream (and as bottler
for Celtic Honey
 which is supplied to us by one of Terra&rsquo;s affiliates)
 has sufficient bottling capacity to meet our current
needs
 and both Terra and Irish Distillers have the capacity to meet our future supply needs.


 storage
 sampling
testing
 filtering
 filling
 capping and labeling of bottles
 case packing
 warehousing and loading and inventory control for our
Boru vodkas and our Knappogue Castle and Clontarf Irish whiskeys at prices that are adjusted annually by mutual agreement based
on changes in raw materials and consumer price indexes increases up to 3.5% per annum. This agreement also provides for maintenance
of product specifications and minimum processing procedures
 including compliance with applicable food and alcohol regulations
and maintenance
 storage and stock control of all raw products and finished products delivered to Terra. Terra holds all alcohol
on its premises under its customs and excise bond. Our bottling and services agreement with Terra will expire on June 30
 2013.
We expect to continue to operate under the terms of the expiring contract as we negotiate a new agreement with Terra. We believe
we could obtain alternative sources of bottling and services if we are unable to renew the existing Terra contract.




 Jefferson&rsquo;s
Reserve bourbons
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Presidential Select and Jefferson&rsquo;s rye are bottled for us by Luxco
 Inc.
 which we
refer to as Luxco
 in Cleveland
 OH
 from our stocks of aged bourbon and rye. We blend no more than eight to twelve barrels
to produce specific flavor profiles of each of our bourbon products. Bourbon has been in short supply in the U.S. in recent
years
 and we have been actively seeking alternate sourcing for future supply. We have recently acquired a stock of aged
bourbon and identified a future source
 which we anticipate will supply our currently forecasted needs for Jefferson&rsquo;s
and Jefferson&rsquo;s Reserve
 and have a rare stock of aged rye
 which we anticipate will available for sale later this
year
 although there is no assurance we can source adequate amounts of bourbon or rye at satisfactory prices.




which we refer to as I.L.A.R.
 an Italian company based in Rome and owned since 1875 by the Pallini family
 produces Pallini Limoncello
Raspicello and Peachcello. I.L.A.R. bottles the liqueurs at its plant in Rome and ships them to us under our long-term exclusive
U.S. marketing and distribution agreement. We believe that I.L.A.R. has adequate facilities to produce and bottle sufficient Limoncello
Peachcello and Raspicello to meet our foreseeable needs. See &ldquo;Strategic brand-partner relationships.&rdquo; &nbsp;



    
    







B.V.
 a leading European producer of grain neutral spirits
 to provide us with the distilled alcohol used in our Boru vodka. The
supply agreement provides for Royal Nedalco to produce natural spirit for us with specified levels of alcohol content pursuant
to specifications set forth in the agreement and at specified prices through its expiration in December&nbsp;2013
 in quantities
designated by us. We believe that Royal Nedalco has sufficient distilling capacity to meet our needs for Boru vodka for the foreseeable
future. In the event that we do not renew the Royal Nedalco agreement
 we believe that we will be able to obtain grain neutral
spirits from another supplier.


from Royal Nedalco to the bottling premises at Terra
 where it is filtered in several proprietary ways
 pure water is added to
achieve the desired proof
 and
 in the case of the citrus
 orange and Crazzberry versions of Boru vodka
 flavorings are added.
Depending on the size of the bottle
 Boru vodka is then either bottled at Terra or shipped in bulk to the U.S. and bottled at Proximo
Distillers
 Inc. (formerly Lawrenceburg Distillers
 Inc.)
 which we refer to as PDI
 in Lawrenceburg
 IN
 where we bottle certain
sizes for the U.S. market. We believe that both Terra and PDI have sufficient bottling capacity to meet our current needs
 and
both have the capacity to meet our future supply needs. As described above
 our bottling and services agreement with Terra will expire on June 30
 2013. We expect
to continue to operate under the terms of the expiring contract as we negotiate a new agreement with Terra. We believe we could
obtain alternative sources of bottling and services if we are unable to renew the existing Terra contract.




us by Terra. Fresh cream is combined with Irish whiskey
 grain neutral spirits and various flavorings to our specifications
 and
then bottled by Terra in bottles designed for us. We believe that Terra has the capacity to meet our foreseeable supply needs for
this brand. As described above
 our bottling and services agreement with Terra will expire on June 30
 2013. We expect
to continue to operate under the terms of the expiring contract as we negotiate a new agreement with Terra. We believe we could
obtain alternative sources of bottling and services if we are unable to renew the existing Terra contract.




 an
affiliate of Terra
 has a contractual right to act as the sole supplier to us of Celtic Honey. Gaelic Heritage mixes the ingredients
comprising Celtic Honey using a proprietary formula and then Terra bottles it for them in bottles designed for us. We believe that
the necessary ingredients are available to Gaelic Heritage in sufficient supply and that Terra&rsquo;s bottling capacity is currently
adequate to meet our projected supply needs. See &ldquo;Strategic brand-partner relationships.&rdquo;





&ldquo;Tierras&rdquo; is being produced for us in Mexico by Autentica Tequilera S.A. de C.V. Autentica Tequilera currently sources
organic agave from third-parties
 and together with its affiliates is in the process of cultivating its own supply of organic agave.
Autentica Tequilera distills and bottles the tequila at its facility in the Jalisco region of Mexico. Tierras is available as blanco
reposado and a&ntilde;ejo. The blanco is unaged
 the reposado is aged in oak barrels at the distillery for up to one year
 and
the a&ntilde;ejo is aged in oak barrels at the distillery for at least one year. We believe that
 given the ability of Autentica
Tequilera to purchase organic agave and its anticipated cultivation of organic agave
 Autentica Tequilera has sufficient capacity
to meet our foreseeable supply needs for this brand.




us by Brotto in Carnuda
 Italy. Grain neutral spirits
 sugar and natural various flavor essences are combined to our specifications
and then bottled by Brotto in bottles designed for us. We believe that Brotto has the capacity to meet our foreseeable supply needs
for this brand.

Travis Hasse&rsquo;s Original
Pie Liqueurs


are produced for us by Death&rsquo;s Door Spirits (&ldquo;Death&rsquo;s Door&rdquo;) in Middleton
 Wisconsin. Various flavorings
are combined with grain neutral spirits to our specifications
 and then bottled by Death&rsquo;s Door in bottles designed for us.
We believe that Death&rsquo;s Door has the capacity to meet our foreseeable supply needs for this brand.




Gozio amaretto. Gozio amaretto is produced by Distillerie Franciacorta
 a spirits company founded in 1901 and owned by the Gozio
family. The company is located in Franciacorta
 in the Italian Region of Lombardy. We believe that Distillerie Franciacorta has
sufficient capacity to meet our foreseeable supply needs for this brand.




that we have developed with our sales team and our independent distributors and brokers is one of our strengths. We currently have
distribution and brokerage relationships with third-party distributors in all 50 U.S. states
 as well as distribution arrangements
in approximately 20 other countries.



    
    




 Importers of
beverage alcohol in the U.S. must sell their products through a three-tier distribution system. Typically
 an imported brand is
first sold to a U.S. importer
 who then sells it to a network of distributors
 or wholesalers
 covering the U.S.
 in either &ldquo;open&rdquo;
states or &ldquo;control&rdquo; states. In the 32 open states
 the distributors are generally large
 privately-held companies.
In the 18 control states
 the states themselves function as the distributor
 and regulate suppliers such as us. The distributors
and wholesalers in turn sell to individual retailers
 such as liquor stores
 restaurants
 bars
 supermarkets and other outlets
licensed to sell beverage alcohol. In larger states such as New York
 more than one distributor may handle a brand in separate
geographical areas. In control states
 importers sell their products directly to state liquor authorities
 which distribute the
products and either operate retail outlets or license the retail sales function to private companies
 while maintaining strict
control over pricing and profit.


consolidated dramatically over the last ten years due to merger and acquisition activity. There are currently seven major spirits
companies
 each of which own and operate their own importing businesses. All companies
 including these large companies
 are required
by law to sell their products through wholesale distributors in the U.S. The major companies are exerting increasing influence
over the regional distributors and as a result
 it has become more difficult for smaller companies to get their products recognized
by the distributors. We believe our established distribution network in all 50 states allows us to overcome a significant barrier
to entry in the U.S. beverage alcohol market and enhances our attractiveness as a strategic partner for smaller companies lacking
comparable distribution.



 our U.S. sales represented
approximately 87.0% of our revenues
 and we expect them to remain relatively consistent as a percentage of our total sales in the
near future. See note 17 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements.

 We currently
hold the federal importer and wholesaler license required by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Treasury
Department
 and the requisite state license in all 50 states and the District of Columbia.


in large bonded warehouses and shipped nationally by an extensive network of licensed and bonded carriers.


In the U.S.
 we are required by law to use state-licensed distributors or
 in the control states
 state-owned agencies performing
this function
 to sell our brands to retail outlets. As a result
 we depend on distributors for sales
 for product placement and
for retail store penetration. We currently have no distribution agreements or minimum sales requirements with any of our U.S. alcohol
distributors
 and they are under no obligation to place our products or market our brands. All of the distributors also distribute
our competitors&rsquo; products and brands. As a result
 we must foster and maintain our relationships with our distributors. Through
our internal sales team
 we have established relationships for our brands with wholesale distributors in each state
 and our products
are currently sold in the U.S. by approximately 80 wholesale distributors
 as well as by various state beverage alcohol control
agencies.




 most countries
permit sales directly from the brand owner to retail establishments
 including liquor stores
 chain stores
 restaurants and pubs
without requiring that sales go through a wholesaler tier. In our international markets
 we rely primarily on established spirits
distributors in much the same way as we do in the U.S. We have contracted with an international beverage alcohol broker to represent
our brands in approximately twenty international markets. We use Terra and other bonded warehouses and logistic providers to handle
the billing
 inventory and shipping for us for some products in certain of our non-U.S. markets.


 the beverage alcohol industry
has undergone consolidation internationally
 with considerable realignment of brands and brand ownership. The number of major spirits
companies internationally has been reduced significantly due to mergers and brand ownership consolidation. While there are still
a substantial number of companies owning one or more brands
 most business is now done by the seven major companies
 each of which
owns and operates its own distribution company that distributes in the major international markets. These captive distribution
companies focus primarily on the brands of the companies that own them.


route to market in our international operations
 we do not believe that we are at a significant disadvantage
 because the local
importers/distributors typically have established relationships with the retail accounts and are able to provide extensive customer
service
 in store merchandising and on premise promotions. Also
 even though we must compensate our wholesalers and distributors
in each market in which we sell our brands
 we are
 as a result of using these distributors
 still able to benefit from substantially
lower infrastructure costs and centralized billing and collection.


Great Britain
 Northern Ireland
 Germany
 Canada
 Switzerland
 Bulgaria
 Ukraine
 France
 Russia
 Finland
 Norway
 Sweden
 U.A.E.
China and the Duty Free markets. We also have sales in other countries in continental Europe
 Latin America
 the Caribbean and
Asia. For fiscal 2013
 non-U.S. sales represented approximately 13.0% of our revenues. See note 17 to our accompanying consolidated
financial statements.




 Southern Wine
and Spirits and related entities
 accounted for approximately 30.2% of our consolidated revenues for fiscal 2013.


    
    






 our primary market
 international markets hold
potential for future growth and are part of our global strategy.


15 people
 including six regional U.S. sales managers with an average of over 15&nbsp;years of industry experience with premium
beverage alcohol brands.


day-to-day management of our distributors
 which includes setting quotas
 coordinating promotional plans for our brands
 maintaining
adequate levels of stock
 brand education and training and sales calls with distributor personnel. Our sales team also maintains
relationships with key retail customers through independent sales calls. They also schedule promotional events
 create local brand
promotion plans
 host in-store tastings where permitted and provide wait staff and bartender training and education for our brands.

Advertising
 marketing and promotion


 we must effectively
communicate with three distinct audiences: our distributors
 the retail trade and the end consumer. Advertising
 marketing and
promotional activities help to establish and reinforce the image of our brands in our efforts to build substantial brand value.
We believe our execution of disciplined and strategic branding and marketing campaigns will continue to drive our future sales.


 in-house marketing
sales and customer service personnel who work together with third party design and advertising firms to maintain a high degree
of focus on each of our product categories and build brand awareness through innovative marketing activities. We use a range of
marketing strategies and tactics to build brand equity and increase sales
 including consumer and trade advertising
 price promotions
point-of-sale materials
 event sponsorship
 in-store and on-premise promotions and public relations
 as well as a variety of other
traditional and non-traditional marketing techniques
 including social media marketing
 to support our brands.


 we also
employ three other marketing methods to support our brands: public relations
 event sponsorships and tastings. Our significant
U.S. public relations efforts have helped gain editorial coverage for our brands
 which increases brand awareness. Event sponsorship
is an economical way for us to have influential consumers taste our brands. We actively contribute product to trend-setting events
where our brand has exclusivity in the brand category. We also conduct hundreds of in-store and on-premise promotions each year.


with an assortment of point-of-sale materials. The combination of trade and consumer programs
 supported by attractive point-of-sale
materials
 also establishes greater credibility for us with our distributors and retailers. &nbsp;




and established spirits brand owners seeking opportunities to increase their sales beyond their home markets and achieve global
growth. This ability is a key component of our growth strategy and one of our competitive strengths. Our original relationship
with the Boru vodka brand was as its exclusive U.S. distributor. To date
 we have also established strategic relationships for
Gosling&rsquo;s rum
 Pallini liqueurs
 Celtic Honey
 Tierras tequila and Gozio amaretto
 as described below
 and we intend to seek
to expand our brand portfolio through similar future arrangements.




 we entered into an exclusive national
distribution agreement with Gosling&rsquo;s Export for the Gosling&rsquo;s rum products. We subsequently purchased a 60% controlling
interest in Gosling-Castle Partners
 Inc.
 a strategic export venture with the Gosling family. Gosling's Export holds the exclusive
distribution rights for Gosling&rsquo;s rum and related products on a worldwide basis (other than in Bermuda)
 through Gosling-Castle
Partners
 and assigned to Gosling-Castle Partners all of Gosling&rsquo;s Export&rsquo;s interest in our January&nbsp;2005 U.S.
distribution agreement with them. The export agreement expires in April 2020
 subject to a 15&nbsp;year extension if certain case
sale targets are met. Under the export agreement
 Gosling-Castle Partners is generally entitled to a share of the proceeds from
the sale
 if ever
 of the ownership of any of the Gosling&rsquo;s brands to a third-party
 through a sale of the stock of Gosling&rsquo;s
Export or its parent
 with the size of such share depending upon the number of case sales made during the twelve months preceding
the sale. Also
 prior to selling the ownership of any of their brands that are subject to these agreements
 Gosling&rsquo;s Export
must first offer such brand to Gosling-Castle Partners and then to us. The Goslings
 through Gosling&rsquo;s Brothers Limited
have the right to act as the sole supplier to Gosling-Castle Partners for our Gosling&rsquo;s rum requirements.




 exclusive marketing
and distribution agreement with I.L.A.R.
 a family-owned Italian spirits company founded in 1875
 under which we distribute Pallini
Limoncello
 Peachcello and Raspicello liqueurs in the U.S. We began shipping these products in September&nbsp;2005.


    
    



 we entered into an agreement
(the &quot;New Agreement&quot;) with Pallini Internazionale S.r.L. (&quot;Pallini&quot;)
 as successor in interest to I.L.A.R.
regarding the importation and distribution of certain Pallini brand products. The New Agreement supersedes our August 27
 2004
agreement with I.L.A.R. S.p.A (the &quot;Original Agreement&quot;). The terms of the New Agreement were effective as of April 1
2010.



2016
 subject to successive five-year renewals unless either party delivers a notice of non-renewal six months prior to the end
of the term. Under the New Agreement
 if minimum volume targets are not achieved and not cured
 Pallini has the right to terminate
the agreement without payment of termination fees to us. However
 if such targets are met
 we have the right under the New Agreement
to receive certain termination payments and other payments upon the non-renewal of the agreement
 certain terminations of the agreement
or the sale of the brand. We have modified reporting requirements under the New Agreement as compared to the Original Agreement.
The exclusive territory under the New Agreement is the fifty states of the U.S. and the District of Columbia
 but does not include
Puerto Rico
 overseas territories or military bases of the U.S. that were included in the Original Agreement.





 we entered into
an importation and marketing agreement with Autentica Tequilera S.A. de C.V.
 under which we became the exclusive U.S. importer
of Tierras. In February 2013
 the agreement renewed for an additional five years in accordance with its terms. During the term
we have the right to purchase tequila at stipulated prices. Autentica Tequilera must maintain certain standards for its products
and we have input into the product and packaging. We are required to prepare periodic reports detailing the development of the
brand&rsquo;s sales. Under this agreement
 we have rights of first refusal for any new market for Tierras (except Mexico)
 and
any new Autentica Tequilera products in any market (except Mexico). We also have a right of first refusal on any sale of the Tierras
brand
 and a right to acquire up to 35% of the economic benefit of any such sale with a third-party based upon the achievement
of certain cumulative sales targets.




 we formed DPCP with Drink
Pie
 LLC to manage the manufacturing and marketing of Travis Hasse&rsquo;s Original&reg; Apple Pie liqueur
 Cherry Pie liqueur
and any future line extensions of the brand. DPCP has the exclusive global rights to produce and market Travis Hasse&rsquo;s Original&reg;
Pie liqueurs and we have the global distribution rights for this brand. We purchase the finished product from DPCP at a pre-determined
margin and then use our existing infrastructure
 sales force and distributor network to sell the product and promote the brands.
Under the terms of the agreement
 we own 20% of DPCP and will acquire an increasing stake in DPCP based on achieving case sale
targets.




 we entered into an exclusive
distribution agreement with Distillerie Franciacorta Spa under which we are the exclusive distributor of Gozio Amaretto in the
U.S. The agreement has a five-year term
 with automatic five-year renewals based upon sales targets. During the term
 we have the
right to purchase Gozio Amaretto at stipulated prices and Distillerie Franciacorta Spa must maintain certain standards for its
products. We are required to prepare periodic reports detailing the development of the brand&rsquo;s sales and prepare annual strategic
marketing and growth plans.




business. We sell our products under a number of trademarks
 which we own or use under license. Our brands are protected by trademark
registrations or are the subject of pending applications for trademark registration in the U.S.
 the European Community and most
other countries where we distribute
 or plan to distribute
 our brands. The trademarks may be registered in the names of our subsidiaries
and related companies. Generally
 the term of a trademark registration varies from country to country
 and
 in the U.S.
 trademark
registrations need to be renewed every ten years. We expect to register our trademarks in additional markets as we expand our distribution
territories.


for brands owned by third parties
 such as the Gosling&rsquo;s rums
 the Pallini liqueurs
 Travis Hasse&rsquo;s Original Pie liqueurs
Tierras tequila and Gozio amaretto. The Gosling&rsquo;s rum brands
 Pallini liqueurs
 Travis Hasse&rsquo;s Original Pie liqueurs
and Gozio amaretto are registered by their respective owners and we have the exclusive right to distribute the Gosling&rsquo;s
rums on a worldwide basis (other than in Bermuda)
 Travis Hasse&rsquo;s Original Pie liqueurs globally and the Pallini liqueur
brands and Gozio amaretto in the U.S. Gosling&rsquo;s also has a trademark for their signature rum cocktail
 Dark &lsquo;n Stormy.
Autentica Tequiliera holds the registered U.S. trademark for Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco and its distinctive label. See
&ldquo;Strategic brand-partner relationships.&rdquo;





with peak retail sales generally occurring in the fourth calendar quarter (our third fiscal quarter) primarily due to seasonal
holiday buying. Historically
 this holiday demand typically resulted in slightly higher sales for us in our second and/or third
fiscal quarters. However
 the growth of Gosling&rsquo;s rums in recent years has led to improved fourth fiscal quarter revenues.




competitive. We believe that we compete on the basis of quality
 price
 brand recognition and distribution strength. Our premium
brands compete with other alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages for consumer purchases
 retail shelf space
 restaurant presence
and wholesaler attention. We compete with numerous multinational producers and distributors of beverage alcohol products
 many
of which have greater resources than us.


    
    



 the U.S. wine
and spirits industry has undergone dramatic consolidation and realignment of brands and brand ownership. The number of major importers
in the U.S. has declined significantly. Today there are seven major companies: Diageo PLC
 Pernod Ricard S.A.
 Bacardi Limited
Brown-Forman Corporation
 Beam Inc.
 Davide Campari Milano-S.p.A.
 Remy Cointreau S.A. and Constellation Brands
 Inc.


position to partner with small to mid-size brands than the major importers. Despite our relative capital position and resources
we have been able to compete with these larger companies in pursuing agency distribution agreements and acquiring brands by being
more responsive to private and family-owned brands
 offering flexible transaction structures and providing brand owners the option
to retain local production and &ldquo;home&rdquo; market sales. Given our size relative to our major competitors
 most of which
have multi-billion dollar operations
 we believe that we can provide greater focus on smaller brands and tailor transaction structures
based on individual brand owner preferences. However
 our relative capital position and resources may limit our marketing capabilities
limit our ability to expand into new markets and limit our negotiating ability with our distributors.


segments of the market
 which typically have higher margins
 and having an established
 experienced sales force
 we believe we
are able to gain relatively significant attention from our distributors for a company of our size. Our U.S. regional sales managers
who average over 15&nbsp;years of industry experience
 provide long-standing relationships with distributor personnel and with
their major customers. Finally
 the continued consolidation among the major companies is expected to create an opportunity for
small to mid-size wine and spirits companies
 such as ourselves
 as the major companies contract their portfolios to focus on fewer
brands.




Federal Alcohol Administration Act
 U.S. Customs Laws
 Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 and the Alcoholic Beverage Control Laws of
all fifty states.


and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau regulates the production
 blending
 bottling
 sales and advertising and transportation of alcohol
products. Also
 each state regulates the advertising
 promotion
 transportation
 sale and distribution of alcohol products within
its jurisdiction. We are also required to conduct business in the U.S. only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
distribute and sell spirits.


 we are subject to similar regulations
related to the production of spirits.


on the advertising
 marketing and sale of beverage alcohol. These regulations range from a complete prohibition of the marketing
of alcohol in some countries to restrictions on the advertising style
 media and messages used.



many markets
 varying from health warning labels to importer identification
 alcohol strength and other consumer information. All
beverage alcohol products sold in the U.S. must include warning statements related to risks of drinking beverage alcohol products.


 the state liquor
commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for sale in their respective
states. Products are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally made available to new products
only at periodically scheduled listing interviews. Consumers may purchase products not selected for listings only through special
orders
 if at all.


is also subject to extensive federal and state taxation in the U.S. and internationally. Most foreign countries in which we do
business impose excise duties on wines and distilled spirits
 although the form of such taxation varies from a simple application
on units of alcohol by volume to intricate systems based on the imported or wholesale value of the product. Several countries impose
additional import duty on distilled spirits
 often discriminating between categories in the rate of such tariffs. Import and excise
duties may have a significant effect on our sales
 both through reducing the consumption of alcohol and through encouraging consumer
switching into lower-taxed categories of alcohol.


with applicable federal
 state and other regulations. However
 we operate in a highly regulated industry which may be subject to
more stringent interpretations of existing regulations. Future compliance costs due to regulatory changes could be significant.


produced primarily outside the U.S.
 adverse effects of regulatory changes are more likely to materially affect earnings and our
competitive market position rather than capital expenditures. Capital expenditures in our industry are normally associated with
either production facilities or brand acquisition costs. Because we are not a U.S. producer
 changes in regulations affecting production
facility operations may indirectly affect the costs of the brands we purchase for resale
 but we would not anticipate any resulting
material adverse impact upon our capital expenditures.


brands dominate our industry. The adoption of more restrictive marketing and sales regulations or increased excise taxes and customs
duties could materially adversely affect our earnings and competitive industry position. Large international conglomerates have
greater financial resources than we do and would be better able to absorb increased compliance costs.


    
    





 2013
 we had 41 full-time
employees
 25 of which were in sales and marketing and 16 of which were in management
 finance and administration. We had 39 full-time
employees as of March 31
 2012. As of March 31
 2013
 39 of our employees were located in the U.S. and two were located in Ireland.




beverage alcohol. Our product categories are rum
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka and tequila. We report our operations in two geographical
areas: International and U.S. See note 17 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements.




 which was incorporated in 2009.
We are the successor to a Delaware corporation
 which was incorporated in Delaware in 2003.




 including our annual
reports on Form 10-K
 our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 our current reports on Form 8-K
 our proxy statements and reports filed
by our officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and any amendments to those
filings
 are available
 free of charge
 on our investor website
 
 as soon as reasonably
practicable after we or our officers and directors electronically file or furnish such material with the SEC. You may also find
our code of business conduct
 nominating and governance charter and audit committee charter on our website. We do not intend for
information contained in our website
 or those of our subsidiaries
 to be a part of this annual report on Form 10-K. Shareholders
may request paper copies of these filings and corporate governance documents
 without charge
 by written request to Castle Brands
Inc.
 122 East 42nd St.
 Suite&nbsp;4700
 New York
 NY 10168
 Attn: Investor Relations.&nbsp;


 you may read and copy any materials
we file with the SEC at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE.
 Washington
 DC 20549
 on official business
days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports
 proxy and information
statements
 and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.


    
    






We have never been profitable
 and believe we will continue
to incur net losses for the foreseeable future.



including a net loss of $6.2&nbsp;million for fiscal 2013
 and had an accumulated loss of $130.3 million as of March 31
 2013.
We believe that we will continue to incur net losses as we expect to make continued significant investment in product development
and sales and marketing and to incur significant administrative expenses as we seek to grow our brands. We also anticipate that
our cash needs will exceed our income from sales for the near future. Some of our products may never achieve widespread market
acceptance and may not generate sales and profits to justify our investment. Also
 we may find that our expansion plans are more
costly than we anticipate and that they do not ultimately result in commensurate increases in our sales
 which would further increase
our losses. We expect we will continue to experience losses and negative cash flow
 some of which could be significant. Results
of operations will depend upon numerous factors
 some of which are beyond our control
 including market acceptance of our products
new product introductions and competition. We incur substantial operating expenses at the corporate level
 including costs directly
related to being an SEC reporting company.

Recent worldwide and domestic economic trends and financial
market conditions could adversely impact our financial performance.


experienced adverse conditions and may be subject to further deterioration for the foreseeable future. We are subject to risks
associated with these adverse conditions
 including economic slowdown and the disruption
 volatility and tightening of credit and
capital markets.


impact our major suppliers
 distributors and retailers. The inability of suppliers
 distributors or retailers to conduct business
or to access liquidity could impact our ability to distribute our products.



will improve in the near future. A prolonged downturn
 further worsening or broadening of the adverse conditions in the worldwide
and domestic economies could affect consumer spending patterns and purchases of our products
 and create or exacerbate credit issues
cash flow issues and other financial hardships for us and for our suppliers
 distributors
 retailers and consumers. Depending upon
their severity and duration
 these conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business
 liquidity
 financial condition
and results of operations.

We may require additional capital
 which we may not be able
to obtain on acceptable terms.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our inability to raise such capital
 as needed
 on beneficial terms or at all could restrict
our future growth and severely limit our operations.


companies in our industry.&nbsp;&nbsp;This may limit our operations and growth
 including our ability to continue to develop existing
brands
 service our debt obligations
 maintain adequate inventory levels
 fund potential acquisitions of new brands
 penetrate
new markets
 attract new customers and enter into new distribution relationships. If we have not generated sufficient cash from
operations to finance additional capital needs
 we will need to raise additional funds through private or public equity and/or
debt financing. We cannot assure you that
 if and when needed
 additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms
or at all. If additional capital is needed and either unavailable or cost prohibitive
 our operations and growth may be limited
as we may need to change our business strategy to slow the rate of
 or eliminate
 our expansion or reduce or curtail our operations.
Also
 any additional financing we undertake could impose covenants upon us that restrict our operating flexibility
 and
 if we
issue equity securities to raise capital
 such as our 10% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;)
our existing shareholders may experience dilution and the new securities may have rights
 preferences and privileges senior to
those of our common stock.

If our brands do not achieve more widespread consumer acceptance
our growth may be limited.


cycle and have not achieved extensive brand recognition. Also
 brands we may acquire in the future are unlikely to have established
extensive brand recognition. Accordingly
 if consumers do not accept our brands
 we will not be able to penetrate our markets and
our growth may be limited.



    
    


We depend on a limited number of suppliers. Failure to obtain
satisfactory performance from our suppliers or loss of our existing suppliers could cause us to lose sales
 incur additional costs
and lose credibility in the marketplace. We also have annual purchase obligations with certain suppliers.



third-party suppliers for the sourcing of all of our products
 including both our own proprietary brands and those we
distribute for others. These suppliers consist of third-party distillers
 bottlers and producers in the U.S.
 Bermuda
 the
Caribbean
 Australia and Europe. We rely on the owners of Gosling&rsquo;s rum
 Pallini liqueurs
 Gozio amaretto and Tierras
tequila to produce their brands for us. For our proprietary products
 we may rely on a single supplier to fulfill one or all
of the manufacturing functions for a brand. For instance
 Royal Nedalco is the sole producer for Boru vodka; Irish Distillers
Limited is the sole provider of our single malt
 blended and grain Irish whiskeys; Gaelic Heritage Corporation Limited is the
sole producer of our Celtic Honey Irish liqueur; and Terra Limited is not only the sole producer of our Brady&rsquo;s Irish
cream liqueur but also the only bottler of our Irish whiskeys. We do not have long-term written agreements with all of our
suppliers. We do not currently have a long-term source for supply of aged bourbon or rye and there can be no assurance we can
source adequate amounts of aged bourbon or rye at satisfactory prices
 or at all. Also
 if we fail to complete purchases of
products ordered annually
 certain suppliers have the right to bill us for product not purchased during the period. The
termination of our written or oral agreements or an adverse change in the terms of these agreements could have a negative
impact on our business. If our suppliers increase their prices
 we may not have alternative sources of supply and may not be
able to raise the prices of our products to cover all or even a portion of the increased costs. Also
 our suppliers&rsquo;
failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
 delays in shipments of products from international suppliers or
the loss of our existing suppliers
 especially our key suppliers
 could cause us to fail to meet orders for our products
lose sales
 incur additional costs and/or expose us to product quality issues. In turn
 this could cause us to lose
credibility in the marketplace and damage our relationships with distributors
 ultimately leading to a decline in our
business and results of operations. If we are not able to renegotiate these contracts on acceptable terms or find suitable
alternatives
 our business could be negatively impacted.

We depend on our independent wholesale distributors to distribute
our products. The failure or inability of even a few of our distributors to adequately distribute our products within their territories
could harm our sales and result in a decline in our results of operations.


distributors or
 in 18 states known as &ldquo;control states
&rdquo; state-owned agencies performing this function
 to sell our
products to retail outlets
 including liquor stores
 bars
 restaurants and national chains in the U.S. We have established relationships
for our brands with wholesale distributors in each state; however
 failure to maintain those relationships could significantly
and adversely affect our business
 sales and growth. Over the past decade there has been increasing consolidation
 both intrastate
and interstate
 among distributors. As a result
 many states now have only two or three significant distributors. Also
 there are
several distributors that now control distribution for several states. As a result
 if we fail to maintain good relations with
a distributor
 our products could in some instances be frozen out of one or more markets entirely. The ultimate success of our
products also depends in large part on our distributors&rsquo; ability and desire to distribute our products to our desired U.S.
target markets
 as we rely significantly on them for product placement and retail store penetration. We have no formal distribution
agreements or minimum sales requirements with any of our distributors and they are under no obligation to place our products or
market our brands. Moreover
 all of them also distribute competitive brands and product lines. We cannot assure you that our U.S.
alcohol distributors will continue to purchase our products
 commit sufficient time and resources to promote and market our brands
and product lines or that they can or will sell them to our desired or targeted markets. If they do not
 our sales will be harmed
resulting in a decline in our results of operations.


do not require the use of independent distributors by law
 we have chosen to conduct our sales through distributors in all of our
markets and
 accordingly
 we face similar risks to those set forth above with respect to our international distribution. Some of
these international markets may have only a limited number of viable distributors.

The sales of our products could decrease significantly if
we cannot secure and maintain listings in the control states.


 the state liquor
commissions act in place of distributors and decide which products are to be purchased and offered for sale in their respective
states. Products selected for listing must generally reach certain volumes and/or profit levels to maintain their listings. Products
are selected for purchase and sale through listing procedures which are generally made available to new products only at periodically
scheduled listing interviews. Products not selected for listings can only be purchased by consumers in the applicable control state
through special orders
 if at all. If
 in the future
 we are unable to maintain our current listings in the control states
 or
secure and maintain listings in those states for any additional products we may acquire
 sales of our products could decrease significantly.


If we are unable to identify and successfully acquire additional
brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio
 our growth could be limited
 and
 even if additional brands are acquired
we may not realize planned benefits due to integration difficulties or other operating issues.


acquisition of additional brands that are complementary to our existing portfolio through acquisitions of such brands or their
corporate owners
 directly or through mergers
 joint ventures
 long-term exclusive distribution arrangements and/or other strategic
relationships. If we are unable to identify suitable brand candidates and successfully execute our acquisition strategy
 our growth
could be limited. Also
 even if we are successful in acquiring additional brands
 we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability
levels that justify our investment in
 or realize operating and economic efficiencies or other planned benefits with respect to
those additional brands. The addition of new products or businesses entails numerous risks with respect to integration and other
operating issues
 any of which could have a detrimental effect on our results of operations and/or the value of our equity. These
risks include:






negative effects on reported results of operations from acquisition related charges and amortization
of acquired intangibles;





    
    



adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers
 distributors and retail customers;






 there are special risks associated
with the acquisition of additional brands through joint venture arrangements. We may not have a majority interest in
 or control
of
 future joint ventures in which we may enter. There is
 therefore
 risk that our joint venture partners may at any time have
economic
 business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our interests or goals or those of the joint venture.
There is also risk that our current or future joint venture partners may be unable to meet their economic or other obligations
and that we may be required to fulfill those obligations alone.


of additional brands will also be dependent upon the availability of capital to complete the necessary acquisition arrangements.
We intend to finance our brand acquisitions through a combination of our available cash resources
 third -party financing and
in appropriate circumstances
 the further issuance of equity and/or debt securities; however
 our ability to finance such acquisitions
may be limited by the terms of our other equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring additional brands could have a significant effect
on our financial position
 and could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating results. Also
 acquisitions
could result in the recording of significant goodwill and intangible assets on our financial statements
 the amortization or impairment
of which would reduce reported earnings in subsequent years.

Currency exchange rate fluctuations and devaluations may
have a significant adverse effect on our revenues
 sales
 costs of goods and overall financial results.



 non-U.S. operations accounted
for approximately 13.1% of our revenues. Therefore
 gains and losses on the conversion of foreign payments into U.S. dollars could
cause fluctuations in our results of operations
 and fluctuating exchange rates could cause reduced revenues and/or gross margins
from non-U.S. dollar-denominated international sales and inventory purchases. Also
 for fiscal 2013
 Euro denominated sales accounted
for approximately 6.3% of our total revenue
 so a substantial change in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and the Euro
could have a significant adverse affect on our financial results. Our ability to acquire spirits and produce and sell our products
at favorable prices will also depend in part on the relative strength of the U.S. dollar. We do not currently hedge against these
risks.

We must maintain a relatively large inventory of our products
to support customer delivery requirements
 and if this inventory is lost due to theft
 fire or other damage or becomes obsolete
our results of operations would be negatively impacted.


to meet customer delivery requirements for our products. We are always at risk of loss of that inventory due to theft
 fire or
other damage
 and any such loss
 whether insured against or not
 could cause us to fail to meet our orders and harm our sales and
operating results. Also
 our inventory may become obsolete as we introduce new products
 cease to produce old products or modify
the design of our products&rsquo; packaging
 which would increase our operating losses and negatively impact our results of operations.

Either our or our strategic partners&rsquo; failure to protect
our respective trademarks and trade secrets could compromise our competitive position and decrease the value of our brand portfolio.


on our
 and with respect to our agency or joint venture brands
 our strategic partners&rsquo;
 ability to develop favorable consumer
recognition of our brands and trademarks. Although both we and our strategic partners actively apply for registration of our brands
and trademarks
 they could be imitated in ways that we cannot prevent. Also
 we rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how
concepts and formulas. Our methods of protecting this information may not be adequate. Moreover
 we may face claims of misappropriation
or infringement of third parties&rsquo; rights that could interfere with our use of this information. Defending these claims may
be costly and
 if unsuccessful
 may prevent us from continuing to use this proprietary information in the future and result in
a judgment or monetary damages being levied against us. We do not maintain non-competition agreements with all of our key personnel
or with some of our key suppliers. If competitors independently develop or otherwise obtain access to our or our strategic partners&rsquo;
trade secrets
 proprietary know-how or recipes
 the appeal
 and thus the value
 of our brand portfolio could be reduced
 negatively
impacting our sales and growth potential.

An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other
acquired intangible assets could negatively affect our operating results and shareholders&rsquo; equity.


the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date
 net of any cumulative
impairments. The carrying value of other intangible assets represents the fair value of trademarks
 trade names and other acquired
intangible assets as of the acquisition date
 net of impairments and accumulated amortization. Goodwill and other acquired intangible
assets expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized
 but must be evaluated for impairment by our management
at least annually. If carrying value exceeds current fair value as determined based on the discounted future cash flows of the
related business
 the intangible asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a non-cash charge to earnings. If
the value of goodwill or other acquired intangible assets is impaired
 our earnings and shareholders&rsquo; equity could be adversely
affected.



    
    




Demand for our products may be adversely affected by many
factors
 including changes in consumer preferences and trends.


variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends
 public health initiatives
 product innovations
 changes
in vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions
 which may reduce consumers&rsquo; willingness to
purchase distilled spirits or cause a shift in consumer preferences toward beer
 wine or non-alcoholic beverages. Our success depends
in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating changes in consumer preferences with successful
new products and product innovations.

We face substantial competition in our industry and many
factors may prevent us from competing successfully.


and quality
 brand image
 price
 service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences. The global spirits industry
is highly competitive and is dominated by several large
 well-funded international companies. It is possible that our competitors
may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively or resort to price competition to sustain
market share
 which could adversely affect our sales and profitability.

Adverse public opinion about alcohol could reduce demand
for our products.


 in the past
advocated successfully for more stringent labeling requirements
 higher taxes and other regulations designed to discourage alcohol
consumption. More restrictive regulations
 negative publicity regarding alcohol consumption and/or changes in consumer perceptions
of the relative healthfulness or safety of beverage alcohol could decrease sales and consumption of alcohol and thus the demand
for our products. This could
 in turn
 significantly decrease both our revenues and our revenue growth
 causing a decline in our
results of operations.

Class action or other litigation relating to alcohol abuse
or the misuse of alcohol could adversely affect our business.


action or similar litigation alleging that the continued excessive use or abuse of beverage alcohol has caused death or serious
health problems. It is also possible that governments could assert that the use of alcohol has significantly increased government
funded health care costs. Litigation or assertions of this type have adversely affected companies in the tobacco industry
 and
it is possible that we
 as well as our suppliers
 could be named in litigation of this type.


 lawsuits have been brought in a number
of states alleging that beverage alcohol manufacturers and marketers have improperly targeted underage consumers in their advertising.
Plaintiffs in these cases allege that the defendants&rsquo; advertisements
 marketing and promotions violate the consumer protection
or deceptive trade practices statutes in each of these states and seek repayment of the family funds expended by the underage consumers.
While we have not been named in these lawsuits
 we could be named in similar lawsuits in the future. Any class action or other
litigation asserted against us could be expensive and time-consuming to defend against
 depleting our cash and diverting our personnel
resources and
 if the plaintiffs in such actions were to prevail
 our business could be harmed significantly.

Regulatory decisions and legal
 regulatory and tax changes
could limit our business activities
 increase our operating costs and reduce our margins.


in all of the countries in which we operate. This may include regulations regarding production
 distribution
 marketing
 advertising
and labeling of beverage alcohol products. We are required to comply with these regulations and to maintain various permits and
licenses. We are also required to conduct business only with holders of licenses to import
 warehouse
 transport
 distribute and
sell beverage alcohol products. We cannot assure you that these and other governmental regulations applicable to our industry will
not change or become more stringent. Moreover
 because these laws and regulations are subject to interpretation
 we may not be
able to predict when and to what extent liability may arise. Additionally
 due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related
societal problems
 including driving while intoxicated
 underage drinking
 alcoholism and health consequences from the abuse of
alcohol
 various levels of government may seek to impose additional restrictions or limits on advertising or other marketing activities
promoting beverage alcohol products. Failure to comply with any of the current or future regulations and requirements relating
to our industry and products could result in monetary penalties
 suspension or even revocation of our licenses and permits. Costs
of compliance with changes in regulations could be significant and could harm our business
 as we could find it necessary to raise
our prices in order to maintain profit margins
 which could lower the demand for our products and reduce our sales and profit potential.


 the distribution of beverage alcohol
products is subject to extensive taxation both in the U.S. and internationally (and
 in the U.S.
 at both the federal and state
government levels)
 and beverage alcohol products themselves are the subject of national import and excise duties in most countries
around the world. An increase in taxation or in import or excise duties could also significantly harm our sales revenue and margins
both through the reduction of overall consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories of beverage
alcohol.



    
    


We could face product liability or other related liabilities
that increase our costs of operations and harm our reputation.



and will attempt to limit contractually our liability for damages arising from our products
 these measures may not be sufficient
for us to successfully avoid or limit liability. Our product liability insurance coverage is limited to $1.0&nbsp;million per occurrence
and $2.0&nbsp;million in the aggregate and our general liability umbrella policy is capped at $10.0&nbsp;million. Further
 any
contractual indemnification and insurance coverage we have from parties supplying our products is limited
 as a practical matter
to the creditworthiness of the indemnifying party and the insured limits of any insurance provided by these suppliers. In any event
extensive product liability claims could be costly to defend and/or costly to resolve and could harm our reputation.

Contamination of our products and/or counterfeit or confusingly
similar products could harm the image and integrity of
 or decrease customer support for
 our brands and decrease our sales.


the positive image that consumers have of them. Contamination
 whether arising accidentally or through deliberate third-party action
or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands
 could affect the demand for our products. Contaminants
in raw materials purchased from third parties and used in the production of our products or defects in the distillation and fermentation
processes could lead to low beverage quality as well as illness among
 or injury to
 consumers of our products and could result
in reduced sales of the affected brand or all of our brands. Also
 to the extent that third parties sell products that are either
counterfeit versions of our brands or brands that look like our brands
 consumers of our brands could confuse our products with
products that they consider inferior. This could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands in the future and in turn could
impair our brand equity and adversely affect our sales and operations.



We may not be able to maintain our listing on the NYSE MKT
which may limit the ability of our shareholders to sell their common stock.


listing criteria
 we may be delisted and trading of our common stock could be conducted in the OTC Bulletin Board or the interdealer
quotation systems of the OTC Markets Group Inc. In such case
 a shareholder likely would find it more difficult to trade our common
stock or to obtain accurate market quotations for it. If our common stock is delisted
 it will become subject to the Securities
and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock rules
&rdquo; which impose sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that
sell that common stock to persons other than established customers and &ldquo;accredited investors.&rdquo; Application of this
rule could make broker-dealers unable or unwilling to sell our common stock and limit the ability of shareholders to sell their
common stock in the secondary market.

Our executive officers
 directors and principal shareholders
own a substantial percentage of our voting stock
 which allows them to control matters requiring shareholder approval. They could
make business decisions for us that cause our stock price to decline and may act by written consent.



 2013
 our executive officers
directors and principal shareholders beneficially owned approximately 53% of our common stock
 including warrants and options that
are exercisable within 60&nbsp;days of the date of this annual report and assuming full conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock
related warrants and accrued dividends thereon. As a result
 if they act in concert
 they could control matters requiring approval
by our shareholders
 including the election of directors
 and could have the ability to prevent or cause a corporate transaction
even if other shareholders oppose such action. Also
 our charter permits our shareholders to act by written consent. This concentration
of voting power could also have the effect of delaying
 deterring
 or preventing a change of control or other business combination
which could cause our stock price to decline.

Provisions in our articles of incorporation
 our bylaws and
Florida law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us
 discourage a takeover and adversely affect existing shareholders.


 our bylaws
and the Florida Business Corporation Act contain provisions that may have the effect of making more difficult
 delaying
 or deterring
attempts by others to obtain control of our company
 even when these attempts may be in the best interests of our shareholders.
These include provisions limiting the shareholders&rsquo; powers to remove directors. Our articles of incorporation also authorize
our board of directors
 without shareholder approval
 to issue one or more series of preferred stock
 which could have voting and
conversion rights that adversely affect or dilute the voting power of the holders of our common stock
 such as our Series A Preferred
Stock. Florida law also imposes conditions on certain &quot;affiliated transactions&rdquo; with &ldquo;interested shareholders.&rdquo;


be adopted in the future could deter unsolicited takeovers or delay or prevent changes in our control or management
 including
transactions in which shareholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. These provisions
may also limit the ability of shareholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests.

Our shareholders may experience substantial dilution as a
Series A Preferred Stock
 accrued dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock
 the exercise of
options and warrants to purchase our common stock
 or due to anti-dilution provisions relating to any on the foregoing.



 2013
 we had 6
435 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding which may convert into 21
166
041 shares of our common stock
 accrued dividends on the
Series A Preferred Stock which may convert into 1
365
162 shares of our common stock
 and warrants to purchase 11
874
087 shares
of our common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Also
 as of July 1
 2013
 we had 22
000
000 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance upon
the exercise of options granted or available to be granted pursuant to our stock option plan.&nbsp;&nbsp;The conversion of the
Series A Preferred Stock and the exercise of these options and warrants will result in dilution to our existing shareholders and
could have a material adverse effect on our stock price. The conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock and certain warrants
is also subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments.

    
    









York
 NY
 where we lease approximately 4
800 square feet of office space under a lease that expires in April&nbsp;2014. We also
lease approximately 750 square feet of office space in Dublin
 Ireland under a lease that expires in December&nbsp;2013 and approximately
1
000 square feet of office space in Houston
 TX under a lease that expires in January 2015.




wholly-owned subsidiaries is currently subject to litigation which
 in the opinion of our management
 is likely to have a material
adverse effect on us.


 however
 become involved in litigation
from time to time relating to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. These claims
 even if not meritorious
 could
result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources.






    
    





Item&nbsp;5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities





under the symbol &ldquo;ROX.&rdquo; The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices for our common stock for the periods
specified.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

First Quarter (April 1 &mdash; June&nbsp;30
 2012)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Second Quarter (July 1 &mdash; September&nbsp;30
 2012)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Third Quarter (October 1 &mdash; December&nbsp;31
 2012)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fourth Quarter (January 1 &mdash; March 31
 2013)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

First Quarter (April 1 &mdash; June&nbsp;30
 2011)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Second Quarter (July 1 &mdash; September&nbsp;30
 2011)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Third Quarter (October 1 &mdash; December&nbsp;31
 2011)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fourth Quarter (January 1 &mdash; March 31
 2012)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






 2013
 there were approximately
193 record holders of our common stock.





in fiscal 2013 or 2012 and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends with respect to our common stock in the foreseeable future.
We currently intend to retain any earnings for use in the operation of our business and to fund future growth. Any future determination
to pay cash dividends will be at our board&rsquo;s discretion and will depend upon our financial condition
 operating results
capital requirements and such other factors as our board deems relevant. Further
 our ability to declare and pay cash dividends
is restricted by certain covenants in our loan agreements.




at March 31
 2013 regarding compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance.



    
 options


 options
&nbsp;warrants

    

    
20
573
424
    
13
300
663

    
    
    
    

    
20
573
424
    
13
300
663





 we are not required
to provide the information required by this Item.



    
    


Item&nbsp;7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations





distinctive portfolio of global premium and super premium spirits brands as we move towards profitability. To achieve this
 we
continue to seek to:



    
    
 We continue to focus our distribution relationships
 sales expertise and targeted marketing activities on our more profitable brands;

    
    
 We continue to review and analyze our supply chains and cost structures both on a company-wide and brand-by-brand basis
 to improve operations and operating results; and

    
    
 We intend to continue developing new brands and pursuing strategic relationships
 joint ventures and acquisitions to selectively expand our premium spirits portfolio
 particularly by capitalizing on and expanding our partnering capabilities. Our criteria for new brands focuses on underserved areas of the beverage alcohol marketplace
 while examining the potential for direct financial contribution to our company and the potential for future growth based on development and maturation of agency brands. We evaluate future acquisitions and agency relationships on the basis of their potential to be immediately accretive and their potential contributions to our objectives of becoming profitable and further expanding our product offerings. We expect that future acquisitions
 if consummated
 would involve some combination of cash
 debt and the issuance of our stock.









 we entered into a First Amendment
to the revolving loan agreement (the &ldquo;Loan Agreement&rdquo;) with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (&quot;Keltic&quot;)
which we refer to as to the Keltic Facility
 providing for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a facility
of up to $7.0 million for the purpose of providing working capital. The Loan Agreement amended the August 2011 facility between
us and Keltic
 which provided for a facility of up to $5.0 million. In addition to a $100
000 commitment fee paid on the original
Loan Agreement
 we paid a $40
000 commitment fee paid on the amended Loan Agreement.

In March 2013
 we entered into a Second Amendment
(the &ldquo;Loan Amendment&rdquo;) to the Keltic Facility
 providing for an increase in available borrowings (subject to certain
terms and conditions) under the revolving facility for working capital purposes from $7.0 million to $8.0 million (the &quot;Facility&quot;).
The Loan Amendment also provided for a term loan of $2.5 million (the &quot;Term Loan&quot;) that was used for the purchase of
bourbon inventory in March 2013. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with their respective terms
 the Facility and Term Loan
expire on December 31
 2016 (the &quot;Maturity Date&quot;). We may borrow up to the maximum amount of the Keltic Facility
 provided
that we have a sufficient borrowing base (as defined in the Loan Agreement). The Facility interest rate is the rate that
 when
annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.75% and (c) 6.50%. The Term Loan interest
rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c)
7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of
the Facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &quot;Default&quot; or &quot;Event of Default&quot; (as defined
under the Loan Agreement) we are required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Facility
or Term Loan
 as applicable
 interest rate. The Facility currently bears interest at 6.50% and the Term Loan currently bears interest
at 7.50%. We are required to pay down the principal balance of the Term Loan within 15 banking days from the completion of a bottling
run of bourbon from the bourbon inventory stock purchased on or about the date of the Term Loan in an amount equal to the purchase
price of such bourbon. The unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan
 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 all fees
 costs
and expenses payable in connection with the Term Loan are due and payable in full on the Maturity Date. Upon execution of the
Loan Amendment
 we paid Keltic a $70
000 closing and commitment fee
 and Keltic will also continue to receive an annual facility
fee and a collateral management fee (each as set forth in the Loan Agreement).


obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Loan Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict
our ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens
 and make distributions or cash dividends. At
March 31
 2013
 we were in compliance
 in all material respects
&nbsp;with the covenants under the Keltic Facility.


(the &quot;Participation Agreement&quot;) providing for an aggregate of $750
000 of the Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants.
Certain related parties purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments
Trust ($500
000)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
a director and our Chairman
 and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 a director and our President and Chief Executive
Officer. Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants will receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum.
We are not a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 we are party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including
the related party junior participants) pursuant to which we are obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment
fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
000.



    
    





 we determined to reduce
our sales and marketing efforts on our wine brands
 which do not provide a material contribution to our results of
operations. We made this decision to optimize our resources and focus on our faster growing and more profitable spirits
brands
 and to reduce the levels of working capital required to maintain necessary inventory levels of bulk wine and finished
goods. We intend to continue selling existing finished goods wine inventory through our current sales channels
 but are
actively seeking buyers for large lots and for our bulk wine. In connection with this decision
 we recognized a loss of $1.7
million
 consisting of $0.8 million on the write-off of net intangible assets and $0.9 million in goodwill
 as well as $0.3
million charged to the provision for obsolete inventory to adjust both bulk wine and finished goods to estimated
net realizable value
 for the year ended March 31
 2013.




our products to our network of wholesale distributors or
 in control states
 state-operated agencies
 which
 in turn
 distribute
our products to retail outlets. In the U.S.
 our sales price per case includes excise tax and import duties
 which are also reflected
as a corresponding increase in our cost of sales. Most of our international sales are sold &ldquo;in bond&rdquo;
 with the excise
taxes paid by our customers upon shipment
 thereby resulting in lower relative revenue as well as a lower relative cost of sales
although some of our United Kingdom sales are sold &ldquo;tax paid&rdquo;
 as in the U.S. The difference between sales and net
sales principally reflects adjustments for various distributor incentives.


at which we sell our products
 our ability to control our cost of sales
 the relative mix of our case sales by brand and geography
and the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. Our cost of sales is principally driven by our cost of procurement
 bottling and
packaging
 which differs by brand
 as well as freight and warehousing costs. We purchase certain products
 such as Gosling&rsquo;s
rums
 Pallini liqueurs
 Gozio amaretto and Tierras tequila
 as finished goods. For other products
 such as Jefferson&rsquo;s bourbons
we purchase the components
 including the distilled spirits
 bottles and packaging materials
 and have arrangements with third
parties for bottling and packaging. Our U.S. sales typically have a higher absolute gross margin than in other markets
 as sales
prices per case are generally higher in the U.S.


and marketing expenditures and compensation paid to our marketing and sales personnel. Our selling expense
 as a percentage of
sales and per case
 is higher than that of our competitors because of our brand development costs
 level of marketing expenditures
and established sales force versus our relatively small base of case sales and sales volumes. However
 we believe that maintaining
an infrastructure capable of supporting future growth is the correct long-term approach for us.


expense to increase in the coming years
 we expect selling expense as a percentage of revenues and on a per case basis to decline
as our volumes expand and our sales team sells a larger number of brands.


to corporate and administrative functions that support our operations and includes administrative payroll
 occupancy and related
expenses and professional services. We expect general and administrative expense in fiscal 2014 to be comparable to fiscal 2013
as we continue to control core spending. We expect our general and administrative expense as a percentage of sales to decline due
to economies of scale.


the U.S. and internationally over the next several years through organic growth
 and through the extension of our product line
via line extensions
 acquisitions and distribution agreements. We will seek to maintain liquidity and manage our working capital
and overall capital resources during this period of anticipated growth to achieve our long-term objectives
 although there is no
assurance that we will be able to do so.


trends will create growth opportunities for us
 including:



    
    
    

    
    
increased barriers to entry
 particularly in the U.S.
 due to continued consolidation and the difficulty in establishing an extensive distribution network
 such as the one we maintain; and

    
    
the trend by small private and family-owned spirits brand owners to partner with
 or be acquired by
 a company with global distribution. We expect to be an attractive alternative to our larger competitors for these brand owners as one of the few modestly-sized publicly-traded spirits companies.



with other brands
 acquiring smaller and emerging brands and growing existing brands. To identify potential partner and acquisition
candidates we plan to rely on our management&rsquo;s industry experience and our extensive network of industry contacts. We also
plan to maintain and grow our U.S. and international distribution channels so that we are more attractive to spirits companies
who are looking for a route to market for their products. We expect to compete for foreign and small private and family-owned spirits
brands by offering flexible and creative structures
 which present an alternative to the larger spirits companies.


    
    



through a combination of our available cash resources
 third party financing and
 in appropriate circumstances
 the further issuance
of equity and/or debt securities. Acquiring additional brands could have a significant effect on our financial position
 and could
cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating results. Also
 the pursuit of acquisitions and other new business
relationships may require significant management attention. We may not be able to successfully identify attractive acquisition
candidates
 obtain financing on favorable terms or complete these types of transactions in a timely manner and on terms acceptable
to us
 if at all.




regarding our beverage alcohol case sales for the periods presented based on nine-liter equivalent cases
 which is a standard industry
metric:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
302
602
272
610

    
69
457
60
919

    
    
    

    
372
059
333
529

    
    
    

    
152
696
127
978

    
69
600
72
059

    
86
431
83
827

    
53
798
40
194

    
1
337
1
494

    
7
469
6
382

    
    
1
595

    
    
    

    
372
059
333
529

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



sales of non-beverage alcohol products for the periods presented:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
248
309
156
359

    
16
272
9
585

    
    
    

    
264
581
165
944

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    





our reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 amounts of sales and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience and
other factors and circumstances. We believe our estimates and assumptions are reasonable under the circumstances; however
 actual
results may differ from these estimates.


discussed below are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations in that they require our
most difficult
 subjective or complex judgments and form the basis for the accounting policies deemed to be most critical to our
operations.




when the product is shipped to a customer (generally a distributor)
 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer under the
terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination) and collection is reasonably assured. We do not offer a right of return but
will accept returns if we shipped the wrong product or wrong quantity. Revenue is not recognized on shipments to control states
in the U.S. until such time as the product is sold through to the retail channel.




net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect any loss anticipated
on the trade accounts receivable balances and charged to the allowance for doubtful accounts. We calculate this allowance based
on our history of write-offs
 level of past due accounts based on contractual terms of the receivables and our relationships with
and economic status of
 our customers.




 which consists of distilled
spirits
 bulk wine
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
 is valued at the lower of
cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. We assess the valuation of our inventories and reduce the carrying value
of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of our forecasted usage to their estimated realizable value. We estimate the
net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 future
demand and market requirements. Reduction to the carrying value of inventories is recorded in cost of goods sold.





 2013 and 2012
 we recorded
$0.5 million and $1.2 million
 respectively
 of goodwill that arose from acquisitions. Goodwill represents the excess of purchase
price and related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired.
Intangible assets with indefinite lives consist primarily of rights
 trademarks
 trade names and formulations. We are required
to analyze our goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives for impairment on an annual basis as well as when events
and circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred. Certain factors that may occur and indicate that an impairment
exists include
 but are not limited to
 operating results that are lower than expected and adverse industry or market economic
trends. We evaluate the recoverability of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets using a two-step impairment test approach
at the reporting unit level. In the first step the fair value for the reporting unit is compared to its book value including goodwill.
If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the book value
 a second step is performed which compares the implied fair
value of the reporting unit&rsquo;s goodwill to the book value of the goodwill. The fair value for the goodwill is determined based
on the difference between the fair values of the reporting units and the net fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities
of such reporting units. If the fair value of the goodwill is less than the book value
 the difference is recognized as an impairment.


was determined at each of March 31
 2013 and 2012 by weighting a combination of the present value of our discounted
anticipated future operating cash flows and values based on market multiples of revenue and earnings before interest
 taxes
depreciation and amortization (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;) of comparable companies. Other than the write downs of intangible and
goodwill related to the wine brands discussed below
 we did not record any impairment on goodwill or other intangible assets for
fiscal 2013 or 2012.


lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives to the estimated residual values and reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We are required to amortize intangible
assets with estimable useful lives over their respective estimated useful lives to the estimated residual values and to review
intangible assets with estimable useful lives for impairment in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;)
Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 310
 &ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets.&rdquo;


    
    



 we determined to
reduce our sales and marketing efforts on our wine brands
 which do not provide a material contribution to our results of
operations. We made this decision to optimize our resources and focus on our faster growing and more profitable spirits
brands
 and to reduce the levels of working capital required to maintain necessary inventory levels of bulk wine and finished
goods. We intend to continue selling existing finished goods wine inventory through our current sales channels
 but are
actively seeking buyers for large lots and for our bulk wine. In connection with this decision
 we recognized a loss of $1.7
million
 consisting of $0.8 million  on the write-down of net intangible assets and $0.9 million  in goodwill
 as well as
$0.3 million  charged to the provision for obsolete inventory to adjust both bulk wine and finished goods to estimated
net realizable value
 for the year ended March 31
 2013.




regarding stock-based compensation
 which requires all share-based payments
 including grants of stock options
 to be recognized
in the income statement as an operating expense
 based on their fair values on the grant date. Stock-based compensation was $0.3
million and $0.2 million for fiscal 2013 and 2012
 respectively. We used the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the
fair value of options granted. The assumptions used in valuing the options granted during fiscal 2013 and 2012 are included in
note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.




 &ldquo;Financial Instruments&rdquo;
(&ldquo;ASC 825&rdquo;)
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged
in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. We
believe that there is no material difference between the fair value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the balance
sheets due to the short-term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the debt
 as compared to the current borrowing rates
available to us. 




 for the
periods indicated
 the percentage of net sales of certain items in our consolidated financial statements.



    



    
    
    


 net
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    



loss attributable to common shareholders&nbsp;to EBITDA
 as adjusted:



    



    
    
    

    
(6
193
225
(5
947
155

    
    
    


 net
587
308
589
781

    
(148
152
(148
152

    
920
305
914
361

    
(4
833
764
(4
591
165

    
86
869
68
599

    
684
830
275
000

    
282
314
190
462

    
1
715
728
    

    
22
549
28
923

    
247
431
722
253

    
(302
734
(109
767

    
610
492
272
200

    
744
468
714
830


 as adjusted
(741
817
(2
428
665



 taxes
 depreciation
and amortization
 or EBITDA
 adjusted for allowances for doubtful accounts and obsolete inventory
 loss on wine assets
 non-cash
compensation expense
&nbsp;loss from equity investment in non-consolidated affiliate
 foreign exchange
 net change in fair value
of warrant liability
 net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and dividend to preferred shareholders&nbsp;is a key
metric we use in evaluating our financial performance. EBITDA is considered a non-GAAP financial measure as defined by Regulation
G promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. We consider EBITDA
 as adjusted
 important in evaluating
our performance on a consistent basis across various periods. Due to the significance of non-cash and non-recurring items
 EBITDA
as adjusted
 enables our Board of Directors and management to monitor and evaluate the business on a consistent basis. We use EBITDA
as adjusted
 as a primary measure
 among others
 to analyze and evaluate financial and strategic planning decisions regarding future
operating investments and allocation of capital resources. We believe that EBITDA
 as adjusted
 eliminates items that are not indicative
of our core operating performance or are based on management&rsquo;s estimates
 such as allowance accounts
 are due to changes
in valuation
 such as the effects of changes in foreign exchange or fair value of warrant liability
 or do not involve a cash outlay
such as stock-based compensation expense. Our presentation of EBITDA
 as adjusted
 should not be construed as an inference that
our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items or by non-cash items
 such as non-cash compensation
 which
is expected to remain a key element in our long-term incentive compensation program. &nbsp;EBITDA
 as adjusted
 should be considered
in addition to
 rather than as a substitute for
 income from operations
 net income and cash flows from operating activities.


 as adjusted
 improved 69.7%
to ($0.7) million for the year ended March 31
 2013
 as compared to ($2.4) million for the comparable prior-year period
 primarily
as a result of our increased revenue and gross margin.




 Net sales increased 16.8%
to $41.4 million for the year ended March 31
 2013
 as compared to $35.5 million for the comparable prior-year period. Our U.S.
case sales as a percentage of total case sales remained relatively constant at 81.3% for the year ended March 31
 2013
 as compared
to 81.7% for the comparable prior-year period
 due to the continued organic growth of Gosling&rsquo;s rums and Jefferson&rsquo;s
bourbons in the U.S. and the introduction of new brands into the U.S. market. Our international case sales grew due to strong growth
in our Gosling&rsquo;s rum and Irish whiskey sales
 offset by a decrease in our vodka sales due to continued price competition.
We continue to focus on our faster growing brands and markets
 both in the U.S. and internationally. Net sales for the year ended
March 31
 2013 include $0.6 million in revenue from Gozio amaretto
 which we launched in January 2012
 and $0.6 million in revenue
from our Gosling&rsquo;s Dark &lsquo;n Stormy pre-mixed cocktail
 which we launched in February 2012.


or decrease
 as applicable
 in case sales by product category for the year ended March 31
 2013 as compared to the year ended March
31
 2012:&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
24
718
    
    
    
16
896
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
604
    
    
    
2
783
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
604
    
    
    
9
318
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
459
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
087
    
    
    
1
087
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
38
530
    
    
    
29
992
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    



 Gross profit increased
14.3% to $14.3 million for the year ended March 31
 2013 from $12.5 million for the comparable prior-year period
 while our gross
margin decreased to 34.6% for the year ended March 31
 2013 compared to 35.3% for the comparable prior-year period. The increase
in gross profit was primarily due to increased sales in the current period
 while the decrease in gross margin was due to the increased
allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventory recorded in 2013. During the year ended March 31
 2013
 we recorded a net allowance
for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $0.7 million
 as compared to $0.3 million for the prior year period. We recorded these
allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with label and packaging changes made to certain brands
as well as certain cost variances. The allowance recorded in the year ended March 31
 2013 included $0.3 incurred in connection
with our reduced support of our wine brands. The net charges have been recorded as an increase to cost of sales in both periods.
Net of the allowance for obsolete inventories
 our gross margin for the year ended March 31
 2013 was 36.2% as compared to 36.1%
for the comparable prior-year period.


 Selling expense
increased 7.3% to $11.3 million for the year ended March 31
 2013 from $10.5 million for the comparable prior-year period
 primarily
due to a $0.3 million increase in delivery expense due to increased volume
 a $0.2 million increase in employee-related charges
including salaries and entertainment expense
 and a $0.3 million increase in advertising
 marketing and promotion expense in support
of our overall volume growth. The increase in sales resulted in a net decrease of selling expense as a percentage of net sales
to 27.2% for the year ended March 31
 2013 as compared to 29.6% for the comparable prior-year period.


General and administrative expense decreased 2.7% to $4.9 million for the year ended March 31
 2013 from $5.0 million for the comparable
prior-year period
 primarily due to a $0.1 million decrease in professional fees and a $0.1 million decrease in corporate filing
fees
 offset by a $0.1 million increase in stock-based compensation. The increase in sales in the current period resulted in general
and administrative expense as a percentage of net sales decreasing to 11.7% for the year ended March 31
 2013 as compared to 14.0%
for the comparable prior-year period.

 Depreciation
and amortization was $0.9 million for each of the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012.

 In March 2013
we determined to reduce our sales and marketing efforts on our wine brands
 which do not provide a material contribution to our results of operations. We made this decision to optimize our resources and
focus on our faster growing and more profitable spirits brands
 and to reduce the levels of working capital required to maintain
necessary inventory levels of bulk wine and finished goods. We intend to continue selling existing finished goods wine inventory
through our current sales channels
 but are actively seeking buyers for large lots and for our bulk wine. In connection with this
decision
 we recognized a loss of $1.7 million
 consisting of $0.8 million on the write-down of net intangible assets
and $0.9 million in goodwill
 for the year ended March 31
 2013.

. As a
result of the foregoing
 loss from operations  increased 14.3% to ($4.4) million for the year ended March 31
 2013 from
($3.9) million for the comparable prior-year period
 including a ($1.7) million loss on wine assets in the current fiscal year.
As a result of our focus on our stronger growth markets and better performing brands
 and expected growth from our existing
brands and&nbsp;recently acquired brands
 we anticipate improved results of operations in the near term as compared to
comparable prior-year periods
 although there is no assurance that we will attain such results. Net of the loss on
wine assets
 loss from operations improved 29.9% to ($2.7) million for the year ended March 31
 2013 from ($3.9) million for
the comparable prior-year period.

Net change in fair value of warrant
liability.
at their initial fair value. Changes in the fair value of the warrants are recognized in earnings for each reporting period. For
the year ended March 31
 2013
 we recorded a gain on the change in the value of the warrants of $0.3 million
 as compared to a
gain of $0.1 million for the comparable prior-year period.

Loss from equity investment in non-consolidated
affiliate.
 LLC on the equity method of accounting. We realized
a loss from this investment of ($0.02) million in the year ended March 31
 2013 as compared to ($0.03) in the comparable prior-year
period.


 Foreign exchange
loss for the year ended March 31
 2013 was ($0.2) million as compared to a loss of ($0.7) million for the year ended March 31
2012 due to the net effects of fluctuations of the U.S. dollar against the Euro and their effects on our Euro-denominated intercompany
balances due to our foreign subsidiaries for inventory purchases.

Interest expense
 net.
expense
 net of ($0.6) million for each of the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012. Due to expected balances on the Keltic Facility
we expect interest expense
 net to increase in the near term as compared to prior-year periods.

Net income attributable to noncontrolling
interests.
 2013 was ($0.6) million as compared
to ($0.3) million for the comparable prior-year period
 both the result of allocated net income recorded by our 60%-owned subsidiary
Gosling-Castle Partners
 Inc.


    
    




For each of the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 we recognized a dividend on our Series A Preferred Stock of $0.7 million
as required by the terms of the preferred stock. Included in the dividend for the year ended March 31
 2012 is a $0.3 million charge
for the associated beneficial conversion feature. Accrued dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock are only payable in common
stock upon conversion or liquidation.


As a result of the net effects of the foregoing
 net loss attributable to common shareholders increased 4.1% to ($6.2) million&nbsp;for
the year ended March 31
 2013 as compared to ($5.9) million for the comparable prior-year period. Net loss per common share
 basic
and diluted
 was ($0.06) per share for the year ended March 31
 2013
 as compared to ($0.06) for the comparable prior-year period.






 we have incurred significant
operating and net losses and have not generated positive cash flows from operations. For the year ended March 31
 2013
 we had
a net loss of $4.8 million
 and used cash of $5.0 million in operating activities. As of March 31
 2013
 we had cash and cash equivalents
of $0.4 and had an accumulated deficit of $130.3 million.




 we entered into a
Second Amendment to the Keltic Facility
 providing for an increase in available borrowings (subject to certain terms and
conditions) under the Facility for working capital purposes from $7.0 million to $8.0 million and a term loan of $2.5 million
that was used for the purchase of bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with their
respective terms
 the Facility and Term Loan expire on December 31
 2016 (the &quot;Maturity Date&quot;). We may borrow up to
the maximum amount of the Keltic Facility
 provided that we have a sufficient borrowing base (as defined in the Loan
Agreement). The Facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus
3.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.75% and (c) 6.50%. The Term Loan interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the
greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in
arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Facility. After the occurrence
and during the continuance of any &quot;Default&quot; or &quot;Event of Default&quot; (as defined under the Loan Agreement)
we are required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Facility or Term Loan
 as
applicable
 interest rate. The Facility currently bears interest at 6.50% and the Term Loan currently bears interest at
7.50%. We are required to pay down the principal balance of the Term Loan within 15 banking days from the completion of a
bottling run of bourbon from   our bourbon inventory stock purchased on or about the date of the Term Loan in
an amount equal to the purchase price of such bourbon. The unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan
 all accrued and unpaid
interest thereon
 all fees
 costs and expenses payable in connection with the Term Loan are due and payable in full on the
Maturity Date. Upon execution of the Loan Amendment
 we paid Keltic a $70
000 closing and commitment fee
 and Keltic will
also continue to receive an annual facility fee and a collateral management fee (each as set forth in the Loan
Agreement).


obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Loan Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict
our ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens
 and make distributions or cash dividends. At
March 31
 2013
 we were in compliance
 in all material respects
&nbsp;with the covenants under the Keltic Facility.


Agreement providing for an aggregate of $750
000 of the Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties
of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000) and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000). Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
the junior participants will receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. We are not a party to the Participation Agreement.
However
 we are party to a fee letter with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to
which we will pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 paid in three equal annual installments of $15
000.


 Gosling-Castle Partners
Inc.
 a 60% owned subsidiary
 issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $0.2 million to Gosling's Export (Bermuda)
Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. This note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity.


aggregating &euro;350
000 or $448
571 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft
coverage
 creditors&rsquo; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable
on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&rsquo;s
AA1 Rate minus 1.70%.


    
    



capital
 and the availability under the Keltic Facility
 will enable us to fund our losses until we achieve profitability
 ensure
continuity of supply of our brands
 and support new brand initiatives and marketing programs.




 2013
 we had shareholders&rsquo;
equity of $12.9 million as compared to $17.6 million at March 31
 2012. This decrease is primarily due to our total comprehensive
loss for the year ended March 31
 2013.



at March 31
 2013 as compared to $11.6 million as of March 31
 2012. This&nbsp;increase is primarily due to a $3.0 million increase
in inventory resulting from purchases of bulk bourbon
 the production timing of certain finished goods
 and an $0.8 million increase
in accounts receivable
 partially offset by a $0.9 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and an $0.8 million
increase in due to shareholders and affiliates.


 2013
 we had cash and cash
equivalents of approximately $0.4 million
 as compared to $0.5 million as of March 31
 2012. The decrease is primarily attributable
to the funding of our operations and working capital needs for the year ended March 31
 2013. At March 31
 2013
 we also had approximately
$0.5 million of cash restricted from withdrawal and held by a bank in Ireland as collateral for overdraft coverage
 creditors&rsquo;
insurance
 revolving credit
 and other working capital purposes.


decrease in our liquidity over the near-to-mid term:


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



the growth of existing brands through sales and marketing initiatives that we expect will generate cash flows from operations in
the next few years. As part of this plan
 we seek to grow our business through expansion to new markets
 growth in existing markets
and strengthened distributor relationships. Further
 we are actively seeking to reduce certain inventory levels in an effort to
reduce our working capital requirements and provide improved cash flow from operations. We are also seeking additional brands and
agency relationships to leverage our existing distribution platform. We intend to finance our brand acquisitions through a combination
of our available cash resources
 borrowings and
 in appropriate circumstances
 additional issuances of equity and/or debt securities.
Acquiring additional brands could have a significant effect on our financial position
 could materially reduce our liquidity and
could cause substantial fluctuations in our quarterly and yearly operating results. We continue to look to control expense
 seek
improvements in routes to market and contain production costs to improve cash flows.


 2013
 we had borrowed $6.5
million of the $8.0 million available under the Keltic Facility
 leaving $1.5 million in then potential availability for working
capital needs. We believe our current cash and working capital
 and the availability under the Keltic Facility
 will enable us
to fund our losses until we achieve profitability
 ensure continuity of supply of our brands
 and support new brand initiatives
and marketing programs through at least March 2014.




primary sources and uses of cash during the periods presented:



    



    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
(4
986
(4
406

    
    
    

    
5
237
4
336

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 A substantial
portion of available cash has been used to fund our operating activities. In general
 these cash funding requirements are based
on operating losses
 driven chiefly by the costs in maintaining our distribution system and our sales and marketing activities.
We have also utilized cash to fund our inventories. In general
 these cash outlays for inventories are only partially offset by
increases in our accounts payable to our suppliers.



 the production cycle for our
owned brands is up to three months from the time we obtain the distilled spirits and other materials needed to bottle and package
our products to the time we receive products available for sale
 in part due to the international nature of our business. We do
not produce Gosling&rsquo;s rums
 Pallini liqueurs
 Tierras tequila
 or Gozio amaretto. Instead
 we receive the finished product
directly from the owners of such brands. From the time we have products available for sale
 an additional two to three months may
be required before we sell our inventory and collect payment from customers. Further
 our inventory at March 31
 2013 included
additional stores of bulk wine and bulk bourbon purchased in advance of forecasted production requirements. We expect to reduce
the bulk bourbon in the normal course of future sales and are actively looking to sell our bulk wine to prospective vintners.


 2013
 net
cash used in operating activities was $5.0 million
 consisting primarily of a net loss of $4.8 million
 a $4.0 million increase
in inventory
 a $0.9 million increase in accounts receivable
 a $0.2 million increase in other assets
 a $0.2 million increase
in due from affiliates and a $0.3 million credit for the net change in fair value of warrant liability. These uses of cash were
partially offset by a net $0.9 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses
 an $0.8 million increase in due to related
parties
 a $1.7 million loss on wine assets
 $0.7 million in allowance for obsolete inventory and depreciation and amortization
expense of $0.9 million.


 2012
 net cash used in
operating activities was $4.4 million
 consisting primarily of a net loss of $4.7 million
 a $2.0 million increase in
inventory
 a $0.7 million increase in accounts receivable
 a $0.2 million increase in other assets
 a $0.2 million decrease
in due to related parties
 and a $0.1 million credit for the net change in fair value of warrant liability. These uses of
cash were partially offset by a net $1.3 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses
 $0.7 million effect of
changes in foreign exchange
 $0.3 million in allowance for obsolete inventory
 a $0.2 million decrease in prepaid expenses
$0.2 million in accrued interest
 and depreciation and amortization expense of $0.9 million.&nbsp;


 Net
cash used in investing activities was $0.3 million for the year ended March 31
 2013
 representing approximately $0.1 million used
in the acquisition of fixed and intangible assets and approximately $0.1 million in payments under a contingent consideration agreement.


$0.5 million for the year ended March 31
 2012
 representing $0.34 million used in the acquisition of fixed and intangible assets
and $0.12 million in payments under contingent consideration agreements.


Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended March 31
 2013 was $5.2 million representing $2.6 million drawn
on the Keltic Facility
 $2.5 million in proceeds from an inventory term loan and $0.1 million drawn on the foreign revolving
credit facility.


    
    




for the year ended March 31
 2012 was $4.3 million
 consisting of $3.8 million drawn on the Keltic Facility
 $1.8 million from
the issuance of our Series A Preferred Stock and warrants and $1.0 million from the issuance of interim notes to affiliated parties.
These proceeds were offset by payments of $2.0 million on our credit facilities and the repayment of $0.3 million on a note issued
in connection with our acquisition of the assets of Betts &amp; Scholl.&nbsp;




We have credit facilities with availability aggregating approximately &euro;0.4 million ($0.5 million) with an Irish bank
 including
overdraft
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until
terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review and call for interest at the lender&rsquo;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. We have
deposited &euro;0.4 million ($0.5 million) with the bank to secure these borrowings.


material respects with the financial covenants of our Irish bank facilities as of March 31
 2013.

 For a discussion
of the Keltic Facility
 please see 


For a discussion of the Gosling-Castle Partners note
 in &ldquo;Liquidity and Capital Resources&rdquo;
above.




operations are the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom. With respect to our consolidated financial statements
the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates
in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period.
The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income.



amounts in Euros or British Pounds
 we have for your convenience also in certain cases provided a conversion of those amounts to
U.S. Dollars in parentheses. Where the numbers refer to a specific balance sheet account date or financial statement account period
we have used the exchange rate that was used to perform the conversions in connection with the applicable financial statement.
In all other instances
 unless otherwise indicated
 the conversions have been made using the exchange rates as of March 31
 2013
each as calculated from the Interbank exchange rates as reported by Oanda.com. On March 31
 2013
 the exchange rate of the Euro
and the British Pound in exchange for U.S. Dollars was &euro;1.00 = U.S.$1.28163 (equivalent to U.S.$1.00 = &euro;0.78026) and&nbsp;&nbsp;&pound;1.00
= U.S.$1.51893 (equivalent to U.S.$1.00 = &pound;0.65836).


as representations that the Euro and British Pound amounts actually represent U.S. Dollar amounts or could be converted into U.S.
Dollars at the rates indicated.




are not materially impacted by moderate changes in the inflation rate. Inflation and changing prices did not have a material impact
on our operations during fiscal 2013 or 2012. Severe increases in inflation
 however
 could affect the global and U.S. economies
and could have an adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.




accounting standards in the &ldquo;Accounting standards adopted&rdquo; and &ldquo;Recent accounting pronouncements&rdquo; sections
of note 1 of the &ldquo;Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements&rdquo; in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.




statements&rdquo; within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements
 which involve risks
and uncertainties
 relate to the discussion of our business strategies and our expectations concerning future operations
 margins
profitability
 liquidity and capital resources and to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results
and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. We use words such as &ldquo;may&rdquo;
 &ldquo;will&rdquo;
 &ldquo;should&rdquo;
&ldquo;expects&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intends&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plans&rdquo;
 &ldquo;anticipates&rdquo;
 &ldquo;believes&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimates&rdquo;
&ldquo;seeks&rdquo;
 &ldquo;expects&rdquo;
 &ldquo;predicts&rdquo;
 &ldquo;could&rdquo;
 &ldquo;projects&rdquo;
 &ldquo;potential&rdquo;
and similar terms and phrases
 including references to assumptions
 in this report to identify forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting us and are subject to
uncertainties
 risks and factors relating to our operations and business environments
 all of which are difficult to predict and
many of which are beyond our control
 that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and other factors include those listed under &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo;
and as follows:


    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
the impact of supply shortages and alcohol and packaging costs in general
 as well as our dependency on a limited number of suppliers and inventory requirements;

    
    
    

    
    
economic and political conditions generally
 including the current recessionary economic environment and concurrent market instability;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations and devaluations on our revenues
 sales and overall financial results;

    
    
our executive officers
 directors and principal shareholders own a substantial portion of our voting stock; and

    
    
the impact of federal
 state
 local or foreign government regulations.



to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason
 or to update the reasons actual results could differ
materially from those anticipated in
 or implied by
 these forward-looking statements
 even if new information becomes available
in the future.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk


 we are not required to provide
the information required by this Item.


    
    


Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data





    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31
 2013 and 2012
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
    

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
    

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
    

    
    



    
    








sheets of Castle Brands Inc. and subsidiaries (the &quot;Company&quot;) as of March 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the related
consolidated statements of operations
 changes in shareholders' equity and comprehensive loss
 and cash flows for each of the
years then ended.&nbsp;&nbsp;These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).&nbsp;&nbsp;Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. &nbsp;The
Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.&nbsp;&nbsp;An
audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements referred to above
present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of the Company as of March 31
 2013 and 2012
and the consolidated results of its operations
 changes in shareholders' equity and comprehensive loss
 and its cash
flows for each of the years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.



 New York

 2013&nbsp;


    
    







    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
439
323
484
362


692 and $411
272
 respectively
7
025
358
6
268
432

    
303
226
122
640


660 and $290
316
 respectively
13
731
962
10
732
698

    
983
834
784
331

    
    
    

    
22
483
703
18
392
463

    
    
    

    
516
641
620
840

    
    
    


 at equity
116
700
130
850


404
000 and $4
906
061
 respectively
8
805
913
10
302
288

    
490
286
1
243
058

    
451
346
468
275

    
252
506
197
003

    
    
    

    
33
117
095
31
354
777

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
89
407
    

    
5
301
524
4
771
140

    
793
243
442
618

    
2
351
957
1
584
270

    
    
    

    
8
536
131
6
798
028

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
501
321
3
849
831


000 of related party participation at
    March 31
 2013)
2
496
000
    

    
211
580
211
580

    
795
374
1
098
108

    
1
666
456
1
814
608

    
    
    

    
20
206
862
13
772
155

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Preferred stock
 $.01 par value
 25
000
000 shares authorized
 6
701 and 6
897 shares of&nbsp;series A
convertible preferred stock&nbsp;issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively (liquidation value of $7
876
530
and $7
327
262 at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively)

67
013
68
965


 $.01 par value
 225
000
000 shares authorized
 108
773
034 and 108
052
067 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
1
087
730
1
080
520

    
142
661
542
141
639
228

    
(130
270
623
(124
076
608

    
(1
918
094
(1
801
656

    
    
    

    
11
627
568
16
910
449

    
    
    

    
1
282
665
672
173

    
    
    

    
12
910
233
17
582
622

    
    
    

    
33
117
095
31
354
777



financial statements.


    
    







    



    
    
    


 net*
41
442
994
35
494
615

    
26
438
238
22
694
297

    
684
830
275
000

    
    
    

    
14
319
926
12
525
318

    
    
    

    
11
265
108
10
502
478

    
4
850
648

4
985
566

    
920
305
914
361

    
1
715
728
    

    
    
    

    
(4
431
863
(3
877
087

    
    
    

    
(22
549
(28
923

    
(247
431
(722
253


 net
(587
308
(589
781

    
302
734
109
767

    
148
152
148
152

    
    
    

    
(4
838
265
(4
960
125

    
(610
492
(272
200

    
    
    

    
(5
448
757
(5
232
325

    
    
    

    
(744
468
(714
830

    
    
    

    
(6
193
225
(5
947
155

    
    
    


 basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
    
    

    
    
    


 basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders
108
508
652

107
635
565



 net and Cost of sales include excise taxes of $5
964
374
and $5
460
754 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


financial statements.


    
    




Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Loss



    



    
    
    

    
(4
838
265
(4
960
125

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(116
438
(168
154

    
    
    

    
(116
438
(168
154

    
    
    

    
(4
954
703
(5
128
279



financial statements.


    
    







    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Preferred
    Stock
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

BALANCE
    MARCH 31
 2011
    
    
107
202
145
1
072
021
135
468
120
(118
413
246
(1
633
502
399
973
16
893
366

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net (loss)
    income
    
    
    
    
    
(5
232
325
    
272
200
(4
960
125

Foreign
    currency translation adjustment
    
    
    
    
    
    
(168
154
    
(168
154

Issuance
    of&nbsp;&nbsp;series A convertible preferred stock
 net of issuance costs
2
155
21
550
    
    
1
315
578
    
    
    
1
337
128

Issuance
    of&nbsp;&nbsp;series A convertible preferred stock
 upon conversion of debt
4
992
49
915
    
    
4
240
029
    
    
    
4
289
944

Conversion
    of series A convertible preferred stock and accrued dividends
    
(2
500
849
922
8
499
(5
723
    
    
    
    

Accrued
    dividends - series A convertible preferred stock
    
    
    
    
430
761
(430
761
    
    
    

Stock-based
    compensation
    
    
    
    
190
463
    
    
    
190
463

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

BALANCE
 MARCH
    31
 2012
6
897
68
965
108
052
067
1
080
520
141
639
228
(124
076
608
(1
801
656
672
173
17
582
622

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net (loss)
    income
    
    
    
    
    
(5
448
757
    
610
492
(4
838
265

Foreign
    currency translation adjustment
    
    
    
    
    
    
(116
438
    
(116
438

Conversion
    of series A preferred stock and accrued dividends
    
(1
952
720
967
7
210
(4
468
    
    
    
    

Accrued dividends
    - series A convertible preferred stock
    
    
    
    
744
468
(744
468
    
    
    

Stock-based
    compensation
    
    
    
    
282
314
    
    
    
282
314

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

BALANCE
    MARCH 31
 2013
6
701
67
013
108
773
034
1
087
730
142
661
542
(130
270
623
(1
918
094
1
282
665
12
910
233



financial statements.


    
    







    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(4
838
265
(4
960
125

    
    
    

    
920
305
914
361

    
1
715
728
    

    
86
869
68
599

    
96
556
61
960

    
(302
734
(109
767

    
(148
152
(148
152

    
22
549
28
923

    
247
431
722
253

    
282
314
190
463

    
684
830
275
000


 assets and liabilities:
    
    

    
(861
330
(730
571

    
(180
586
93
721

    
(4
028
581
(2
006
825

    
(200
405
222
549

    
(152
061
(189
986

    
909
815
1
082
206

    
(8
400
230
042

    
767
687
(150
227

    
    
    

    
(148
165
554
549

    
    
    

    
(4
986
430
(4
405
576

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(93
869
(306
799

    
(53
564
(37
133

    
    
(26
365

    
(145
800
(117
048

    
    
    

    
(293
963
(487
345

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
651
490
3
849
831


        
2
496
000
    

    
89
866
    

    
    
(2
000
000

    
    
(327
648

    
    
1
005
000

    
    
2
155
000

    
    
(346
147

    
    
    

    
5
237
356
4
336
036

    
    
    

    
(2
002
(6
125

    
(45
039
(563
010

    
484
362
1
047
372

    
    
    

    
439
323
484
362

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
794
457

    
    
    

    
442
204
248
022



financial statements.


    
    





ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES



    
    
 &mdash; The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Castle Brands Inc. (&ldquo;the Company&rdquo;)
 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&ldquo;CB-USA&rdquo;) and McLain &amp; Kyne
 Ltd. (&ldquo;McLain &amp; Kyne&rdquo;)
 the Company&rsquo;s
wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&ldquo;CB-IRL&rdquo;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing
and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&rsquo;s 60% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners
 Inc. (&ldquo;GCP&rdquo;)
with adjustments for income or loss allocated based upon percentage of ownership. The accounts of the subsidiaries have been included
as of the date of acquisition. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.




    
    
 &mdash; The Company is principally engaged in the importation
 marketing and sale of premium and super premium brands of rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka and tequila in the United States
 Canada
 Europe
 and Asia. Prior to March 31
 2012
 the vodka
 Irish whiskeys and certain liqueurs were procured by CB-IRL and billed in Euros to CB-USA
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss resting with CB-USA. Beginning April 1
 2012
 CB-USA began purchasing these goods directly from the suppliers.




    
    
 &mdash; Gosling&rsquo;s rums
 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning Gosling&rsquo;s Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of Bermuda
 and Gosling&rsquo;s Stormy Ginger Beer
 an essential non-alcoholic ingredient in Gosling&rsquo;s trademarked Dark &lsquo;n Stormy&reg; rum cocktail.


 &mdash; three premium small batch bourbons:
Jefferson&rsquo;s
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Reserve and Jefferson&rsquo;s Presidential Select
 Jefferson&rsquo;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey;
the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions; Knappogue
Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; and Knappogue Castle 1951
 a pure pot-still whiskey that has
been aged for 36 years.

 &mdash; Brady&rsquo;s Irish Cream
a premium Irish cream liqueur; Castello Mio
 a super premium Sambuca
 Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; pursuant to an exclusive
U.S. marketing arrangement
 Pallini Limoncello
 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs; pursuant to an exclusive global
distribution agreement
 Travis Hasse&rsquo;s Original&reg; Pie liqueurs
 and pursuant to a U.S. distribution agreement
 Gozio amaretto
a premium Italian liqueur.

 &mdash; Boru vodka
 an ultra-pure
 five-times
distilled and specially filtered premium vodka. Boru is produced in Ireland and has three flavor extensions (citrus
 orange and
Crazzberry).

 &mdash; a USDA certified organic
 super-premium
tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
which is available as blanco
 reposado and a&ntilde;ejo.



    
    
    




    
    
 - Equity investments are carried at original cost adjusted for the Company&rsquo;s proportionate share of the investees&rsquo; income
 losses and distributions. The Company assesses the carrying value of its equity investments when an indicator of a loss in value is present and records a loss in value of the investment when the assessment indicates that an other-than-temporary decline in the investment exists. The Company classifies its equity earnings of non-consolidated affiliate equity investment as a component of net income or loss.




    
    
 &mdash; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect anticipated losses on the trade accounts receivable balances. The Company calculates this allowance based on its history of write-offs
 level of past due accounts based on contractual terms of the receivables and its relationships with and economic status of its customers.




    
    
 &mdash; Revenue from product sales is recognized when the product is shipped to a customer (generally a distributor)
 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)
 and collection is reasonably assured. Revenue is not recognized on shipments to control states in the United States until such time as product is sold through to the retail channel.




    
    
 &mdash; Inventories are comprised of distilled spirits
 bulk wine
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
 and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&rsquo;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 expected future demand and market requirements. A change to the carrying value of inventories is recorded in cost of goods sold. See Note 3.




    
    




 2013 and 2012
 the
Company recorded allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $684
830 and $275
000
 respectively. The Company recorded
these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with the disposition of wine brands
 label and
packaging changes made to certain brands
 as well as wine spoilage and certain cost variances. The charges have been recorded as
increases to Cost of Sales in the respective years.



    
    
 &mdash; Equipment consists of office equipment
 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the statement of operations. Equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets ranging from three to five years.




    
    
 &mdash; Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price including related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis
 and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.



Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 350
 &ldquo;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&rdquo;
 impairment of goodwill
must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting units with the carrying amount of their
net assets
 including goodwill. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results.
Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates
that most significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses
and discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&rsquo;s net
assets exceeds the unit&rsquo;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount
of goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill
recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks
trade names and formulations are indefinite lived intangible assets not subject to amortization and are tested for impairment at
least annually. The impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset group allocated to each reporting unit
with its allocated carrying amount.


was determined at March 31
 2013 and 2012 by weighting a combination of the present value of the Company&rsquo;s
discounted anticipated future operating cash flows and values based on market multiples of revenue and earnings before
interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;) of comparable companies. Other than the write-downs of
intangible and goodwill related to the wine brands discussed in Note 7
 the Company did not record any impairment on goodwill
or other intangible assets for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012.



    
    
    
        
&mdash; Under&nbsp;ASC&nbsp;310
 &ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&rdquo;
 the Company periodically
reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets.
When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized
based on the fair value of the asset. The Company did not record an impairment on long-lived assets for the years ended March 31
2013 and 2012.


 the Company determined to reduce its sales and marketing efforts on its wine brands
 which do not provide a material contribution to the Company&rsquo;s results of operations. The
Company made this decision to optimize its resources and focus on its faster growing and more profitable spirits brands
 and to
reduce the levels of working capital required to maintain necessary inventory levels of bulk wine and finished goods. The Company
intends to continue selling existing finished goods wine inventory through its current sales channels
 but is actively seeking
buyers for large lots and for its bulk wine. In connection with this decision
 the Company recognized a loss of
$1
715
728
 consisting of $817
156 on the write-down of net intangible assets and $898
572 in goodwill
 as well as $326
869 charged
to the provision for obsolete inventory to adjust both bulk wine and finished goods to estimated net realizable value
 for the
year ended March 31
 2013.





    
    
 &mdash; The Company reflects as inventory costs freight-in and related external handling charges relating to the purchase of raw materials and finished goods. These costs are charged to cost of sales at the time the underlying product is sold. The Company also incurs shipping costs in connection with its various marketing activities
 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&rsquo;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $1
171
290 and $885
837 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




    
    




    
    
 &mdash; Excise taxes and duty are computed at standard rates based on alcohol proof per gallon/liter and are paid after finished goods are imported into the United States and then transferred out of &ldquo;bond.&rdquo; Excise taxes and duty are recorded to inventory as a component of the cost of the underlying finished goods. When the underlying products are sold &ldquo;ex warehouse&rdquo;
 the sales price reflects the taxes paid and the inventoried excise taxes and duties are charged to cost of sales.




    
    
 &mdash; The Company incurs charges from its distributors for a variety of transactions and services rendered by the distributor
 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases
 the cost of the promotional goods is charged to cost of sales and dollars off invoice are a reduction to revenue.




    
    
 &mdash; The functional currency for the Company&rsquo;s foreign operations is the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom. Under ASC 830
 &ldquo;Foreign Currency Matters&rdquo;
 the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are shown as a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations. Prior to March 31
 2012
 the Company&rsquo;s vodka
 Irish whiskeys and certain liqueurs were procured by CB-IRL and billed in Euros to CB-USA
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss resting with CB-USA. Beginning April 1
 2012
 CB-USA began purchasing these goods directly from the suppliers
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss remaining with CB-USA.




    
    
 &mdash; ASC 825
 &ldquo;Financial Instruments&rdquo;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&rsquo;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&rsquo;s debt
 as compared to the current borrowing rates available to the Company.



value in accordance with authoritative guidance
 which accomplishes the following key objectives:


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. A financial instrument&rsquo;s categorization within
the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The three levels
of the valuation hierarchy are as follows:


    
    
    

    
    
Level 2 &mdash; inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.

    
    
    




    
    
 &mdash; Under ASC 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes&rdquo;
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. A valuation allowance is provided to the extent a deferred tax asset is not considered recoverable.



of ASC 740 and has recognized no adjustment for uncertain tax provisions. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related
to uncertain tax positions in general and administrative expense; however
 no such provisions for accrued interest and penalties
related to uncertain tax positions have been recorded as of March 31
 2013.



    
    
 &mdash; The costs of research
 development and product improvement are charged to expense as incurred and are included in selling expense.




    
    
 &mdash; Advertising costs are expensed when the advertising first appears in its respective medium. Advertising expense
 which is included in selling expense
 was $2
212
774 and $1
940
571for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




    
    
 &mdash; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
 amortization and expense accruals.




    
    




    
    
 &mdash; The Company depends on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the sourcing of all of its products
 including both its own proprietary brands and those it distributes for others. The Company does not have long-term written agreements with all of its suppliers. Also
 if the Company fails to complete purchases of products ordered annually
 certain suppliers have the right to bill it for product not purchased during the period. Suppliers&rsquo; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
 delays in shipments of products from international suppliers or the loss of existing suppliers
 especially key suppliers
 could have material adverse effects on the Company&rsquo;s operating results. The inability to maintain
 renew on acceptable terms or find suitable alternatives to the Company&rsquo;s contracts with suppliers could have a material adverse effect on its operating results.




    
    
 &mdash; In July
2012
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) 2012-02
 &ldquo;Intangibles&mdash;Goodwill and Other (Topic
350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment.&rdquo; The amended guidance simplifies how entities test indefinite-lived
intangible assets other than goodwill for impairment.&nbsp; After an assessment of certain qualitative factors
 if it is determined
to be more likely than not that an indefinite-lived asset is impaired
 entities must perform the quantitative impairment test.&nbsp;
Otherwise
 the quantitative test is optional.&nbsp; The amended guidance is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed
for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted.&nbsp; The adoption of this standard is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.



 the FASB issued ASU 2012-04
&ldquo;Technical Corrections and Improvements.&rdquo; The amendments in this update cover a wide range of topics in the ASC.
These amendments include technical corrections and improvements to the ASC and conforming amendments related to fair value
measurements. The amendments in this update will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The
adoption of this standard is not expected have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows or
financial condition.


 the FASB issued amendments
to the accounting guidance for presentation of comprehensive income to improve the reporting of reclassifications out
of accumulated other comprehensive income. The amendments do not change the current requirements for reporting net income
or other comprehensive income
 but do require an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of
accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the
statement where the net income is presented or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other
comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under GAAP to
be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under
GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures
required under GAAP that provide additional detail about these amounts. For public companies
 these amendments are
effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The adoption of this guidance is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.



    
    
 &mdash; In June&nbsp;2011
 the FASB issued ASU 2011-05
 (&quot;ASU 2011-05&quot;)
 which revises the manner in which entities present comprehensive income in their financial statements. The new guidance amends ASC No.&nbsp;220


 the components of net income
 and the components of other comprehensive income in either a continuous statement of comprehensive income or two separate but consecutive statements. ASU 2011-05 does not change the items that must be reported in other comprehensive income. This new guidance was effective for the Company April 1
 2012 and is applied retrospectively. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.



 the FASB issued ASU 2012-03
 &ldquo;Technical
Amendments and Corrections to SEC Sections: Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 114
Technical Amendments Pursuant to SEC Release No. 33-9250
 and Corrections Related to FASB Accounting Standards Update 2010-22 (SEC
Update).&rdquo; This update amends various SEC paragraphs pursuant to the issuance of SAB No. 114. The adoption of this standard
did not have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.



    
    
    


BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER COMMON
SHARE


loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common share is computed
giving effect to all potentially dilutive common shares that were outstanding during the period that are not anti-dilutive. Potentially
dilutive common shares consist of incremental shares issuable upon exercise of stock options and warrants&nbsp;or conversion of&nbsp;convertible
preferred stock&nbsp;outstanding and related accrued dividends. In computing diluted net loss per share for the years ended March
31
 2013 and 2012
 no adjustment has been made to the weighted average outstanding common shares as the assumed exercise of outstanding
options and warrants and the assumed conversion of convertible preferred stock and related accrued dividends is anti-dilutive.


    
    



net loss per share are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
8
120
765
6
330
599

    
11
874
087
13
417
301

    
25
879
807
24
086
314

    
    
    

    
45
874
659
43
834
214






    



    
    
    

    

5
191
147
3
107
615

    
8
540
815
7
625
083

    
    
    

    
13
731
962
10
732
698



 2013 and 2012
 19% and 22%
 respectively
 of
raw materials and 4% and 3%
 respectively
 of finished goods were located outside of the United States.


 the Company acquired $2
496
000
of bulk bourbon whiskey in support of its anticipated near-term needs.


inventory based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 expected future demand and market
requirements.


or market.



Investment in DP Castle Partners
 LLC


 CB-USA formed DP Castle Partners
 LLC (&ldquo;DPCP&rdquo;)
with Drink Pie
 LLC to manage the manufacturing and marketing of Travis Hasse&rsquo;s Original Apple Pie Liqueur
 Cherry Pie Liqueur
and any future line extensions of the brand. DPCP has the exclusive global rights to produce and market Travis Hasse&rsquo;s Original
Pie Liqueurs and CB-USA has the global distribution rights for this brand. DPCP pays a per case royalty fee to Drink Pie
 LLC under
a licensing agreement. CB-USA purchases the finished product from DPCP at a pre-determined margin and then uses its existing infrastructure
sales force and distributor network to sell the product and promote the brands. Finished goods are sold to CB-USA FOB &ndash; Production
and CB-USA bears the risk of loss on both inventory and third-party receivables. Revenues and cost of sales are recorded at their
respective gross amounts on the books and records of CB-USA. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 CB-USA purchased $867
280
and $741
830
 respectively
 in finished goods from DPCP under the distribution agreement. As of March 31
 2013
 DPCP was indebted
to CB-USA in the amount of $268
598
 which is included in due from shareholders and affiliates on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet. As of March 31
 2012
 CB-USA was indebted to DPCP in the amount of $28
469
 which is included in due to shareholders
and affiliates on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. At March 31
 2013
 CB-USA owned 20% of the DPCP and
 under the terms
of the agreement
&nbsp;will increase its stake in DPCP based on achieving case sale targets. The Company has accounted for this
investment under the equity method of accounting. This investment balance was $116
700 and $130
850 at March 31
 2013 and 2012
respectively.






 2006
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding
capital stock of McLain &amp; Kyne. Under the McLain &amp; Kyne purchase agreement
 as amended
 the Company paid contingent consideration
to the sellers based on the financial performance of certain assets of the acquired business through March 31
 2011. The Company
is also required to pay contingent consideration
 based on the case sales of Jefferson&rsquo;s Presidential Select bourbon for
a specified amount of cases
 rather than a fixed period of time. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the sellers earned
$145
800 and $117
048
 respectively
 under this agreement. The earn-out payments have been recorded as an increase to goodwill.



    
    


EQUIPMENT
 NET






    



    
    
    

    
2
026
028
1
964
123

    
10
325
10
325

    
    
    

    
2
036
353
1
974
448

    
1
519
712
1
353
608

    
    
    

    
516
641
620
840



 2013 and 2012 totaled $187
539 and $180
183
 respectively.




 the Company determined to
reduce its sales and marketing efforts on its wine brands
 which do not provide a material contribution to the Company&rsquo;s results of operations. The Company made this decision to optimize its resources and focus on
its faster growing and more profitable spirits brands
 and to reduce the levels of working capital required to maintain necessary
inventory levels of bulk wine and finished goods. The Company intends to continue selling existing finished goods wine inventory
through its current sales channels
 but is actively seeking buyers for large lots and for its bulk wine. In connection with this
decision
 the Company recognized a loss of $1
715
728
 consisting of $817
156 on the write-down of net intangible
assets and $898
572 in goodwill
 as well as $326
869 charged to the provision for obsolete inventory to adjust both bulk wine and
finished goods to estimated net realizable value
 for the year ended March 31
 2013.


for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 were as follows:



    
    


 2011
1
126
010

    
    

    
117
048


 2012
1
243
058

    
    

    
(898
572

    
145
800


 2013
490
286







    



    
    
    

    
170
000
170
000

    
535
947
557
947

    
8
271
555
8
271
555

    
    
664
000

    
96
959
43
395

    
994
000
994
000

    
28
480
28
480

    
    
    

    
10
096
941
10
729
377

    
5
404
000
4
906
061

    
    
    

    
4
692
941
5
823
316

    
4
112
972
4
478
972

    
    
    

    
8
805
913
10
302
288





    
    







    



    
    
    

    
169
999
160
552

    
230
379
197
197

    
4
409
221
3
857
271

    
    
166
978

    
16
280
12
210

    
578
121
511
853

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
404
000
4
906
061





consists of product formulations.


 2013 and
2012 totaled $732
783 and $734
179
 respectively.


five fiscal years is as follows:





    

    
642
697

    
636
236

    
635
433

    
635
433

    
635
433

    
    

    
3
185
232





 2013 and 2012
 the Company had &euro;352
255 or
$451
346 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) and &euro;351
089 or $468
275 (translated at the March 31
 2012 exchange
rate)
 respectively
 of cash restricted from withdrawal and held by a bank in Ireland as collateral for overdraft coverage
 creditors&rsquo;
insurance
 customs and excise guaranty and a revolving credit facility.

NOTES
PAYABLE AND CAPITAL LEASE




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
89
407
    

    
211
580
211
580

    
6
501
321
3
849
831

    
2
496
000
    

    
    
    

    
9
298
308
4
061
411





    
    
    

&euro;350
000 or $448
571 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&rsquo;
insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until
terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&rsquo;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The
balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &euro;69
761 or $89
407
 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange
rate) and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
        

    
    
In December&nbsp;2009
 GCP issued a promissory note (the &ldquo;GCP Note&rdquo;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April&nbsp;1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to shareholders and affiliates. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $211
580 of principal due on the GCP Note is included in long-term liabilities.






    
    
In August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Keltic Facility
 a revolving loan agreement with
Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (&quot;Keltic&quot;)
 providing for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of
a revolving facility of up to $5
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital. The Company
and CB-USA are referred to individually and collectively as the Borrower.




    
    




 the Company and CB-USA entered into
a First Amendment to Keltic Facility to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility
from $5
000
000 to $7
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital.


 the Company and CB-USA entered into
a Second Amendment to Keltic Facility (as amended
 the &quot;Loan Agreement&quot;) to increase the availability (subject to certain
terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $7
000
000 to $8
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA
with working capital. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms
 the Keltic Facility expires on December 31
 2016.


 provided that the Borrower
has a sufficient borrowing base. The borrowing base equals (a) up to 85% of the aggregate amount of the Borrower&rsquo;s &quot;Eligible
Receivables&quot; (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 plus (b) the least of (i) 50% of the &quot;Value&quot; (as defined in the
Loan Agreement) of the Borrower&rsquo;s &quot;Eligible Inventory&quot; (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 (ii) $3
500
000 and
(iii) 60% of the Borrowing Capacity (as defined in the Loan Agreement) at such time
 less (c) the aggregate amount of all Reserves
(as defined in the Loan Agreement) in effect at such time.


 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime
Rate plus 3.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.75%
 and (c) 6.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every
month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the revolving facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of
any &quot;Default&quot; or &quot;Event of Default&quot; (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest
at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable revolving facility interest rate. In addition to a $40
000 commitment
fee paid in connection with the First Amendment and $70
000 closing and commitment fee in connection with the Second Amendment
Keltic will also receive an annual facility fee in an amount equal to 1% per annum of the maximum revolving facility amount and
a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event
of Default).


and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Borrower is required
 among other things
 to
provide Keltic with weekly borrowing base certificates
 monthly reports
 annual financial statements and other current and periodic
financial
 operating and business records and reports
 as well as tax returns and such other information as Keltic may from time
to time request.


among other things
 restrict the Borrower&rsquo;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens
and make distributions or cash dividends.


 among others
 payment defaults
 violations
of affirmative and negative covenants in the Loan Agreement
 imposition of certain liens
 and events of insolvency and bankruptcy.
Upon a Default or Event of Default
 Keltic may terminate or suspend its obligation to make further advances and upon an Event of
Default Keltic may
 among other things
 accelerate the facility repayment and declare all obligations under the Loan Agreement
to be immediately due and payable.


interest over all of the assets of the Borrower.


 2013
 the Company&nbsp;was in compliance
 in all material respects
 with the covenants under
the Keltic Facility.&nbsp;At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $6
501
321 and $3
849
831
 respectively
 due on the revolving facility is
included in long-term liabilities.


In March 2013
 in connection with the Second Amendment
to the Keltic Facility
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
500
000 (the &quot;Term Loan&quot;) that
was used for the purchase of bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with their respective
terms
 the Term Loan matures on December 31
 2016.




The Term Loan interest rate is the rate that
 when
annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable
monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan. After the occurrence
and during the continuance of any &quot;Default&quot; or &quot;Event of Default&quot; (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the
Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Term Loan interest rate. The Borrower
is required to pay down the principal balance of the Term Loan within 15 banking days from the completion of a bottling run of
bourbon from the bourbon inventory stock purchased on or about the date of the Term Loan in an amount equal to the purchase price
of such bourbon. The unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan
 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 all fees
 costs and expenses
payable in connection with the Term Loan are due and payable in full on the Maturity Date.




(the &quot;Participation Agreement&quot;) providing for an aggregate of $750
000 of the Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants.
Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma
Investments Trust ($500
000)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&rsquo;s Chairman
 and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen
($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&rsquo;s President and Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of the Participation
Agreement
 the junior participants will receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party
to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower is party to a fee letter (the &quot;Fee Letter&quot;) with the junior participants
(including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower is obligated to pay the junior participants an
aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
000. The balance on the credit facilities included
in notes payable totaled $2
496
000 and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




    
    








    

    
89
407

    
    

    
    

    
8
997
321

    
211
580

    
    

    
9
298
308




 &ndash;
In June 2011 the Company entered&nbsp;into agreements relating to a private placement (the &ldquo;June 2011 Private Placement&rdquo;)
of&nbsp;an aggregate of approximately $7
100
000 of newly-designated 10% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 par value $0.01
per share (&ldquo;Series A Preferred Stock&rdquo;). As part of the June 2011 Private Placement
 the Company completed a private
offering&nbsp;to third-party&nbsp;investors of $2
155
000 of Series A Preferred Stock for its stated value of $1
000 per share
and warrants (&ldquo;2011 Warrants&rdquo;) to purchase 50% of the number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 issuable
upon conversion of such Series A Preferred Stock. Subject to adjustment (including dilutive issuances)
 the Series A Preferred
Stock is convertible into common stock at a conversion price of $0.304 per share and the 2011 Warrants have an exercise price of
$0.38 per share.&nbsp;



entitled to receive cumulative dividends at the rate per share (as a percentage of the stated value per share) of 10% per annum
whether or not declared by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 which are only payable in shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock or upon a liquidation.&nbsp;For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
the Company recorded accrued dividends of $744
467 and $430
761
 respectively
 included as an increase in the accumulated deficit
and in additional paid-in capital on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.



certain directors
 officers and other affiliates of the Company agreed to purchase an aggregate of $1
005
000 of Series A Preferred
Stock and 2011 Warrants on substantially the same terms described above
 subject to shareholder approval of such issuance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Pending
such shareholder approval
 the Company issued an aggregate of $1
005
000 in promissory notes to these affiliate purchasers. These
notes converted automatically into Series A Preferred Stock and 2011 Warrants in October 2011 and accrued interest on these notes
was converted into accrued dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock.&nbsp; The affiliate purchasers included Frost Gamma Investments
Trust
 Richard J. Lampen
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 and certain of his affiliates
 John Glover
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Operating
Officer and Alfred J. Small
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;


certain holders of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding debt
 including directors
 officers and other affiliates
 agreed to purchase
shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 2011 Warrants in exchange for approximately&nbsp;$4
000
000 aggregate principal amount of
the Company&rsquo;s existing debt
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 on substantially the same terms described above
 subject
to shareholder approval of such issuance.&nbsp;&nbsp;The affiliate debt holders included Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Vector
Group Ltd.
 Richard J. Lampen
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Lafferty Ltd.
 IVC Investments
 LLLP
 and Betts &amp; Scholl
 LLC
 (which
agreed to convert principal amount
 but not accrued but unpaid interest thereon).&nbsp;In October 2011
 these notes
 and accrued
but unpaid interest thereon
 as applicable
 were converted into Series A Preferred Stock and 2011 Warrants following shareholder
and NYSE MKT approval of such transaction.


or grants any option to purchase or any right to reprice
 or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any sale
 grant or option
to purchase or other disposition)
 any common stock or common stock equivalents entitling any person to acquire common stock at
an effective price per share that is lower than the then conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock
 the holders of the Series
A Preferred Stock and 2011 Warrants will be entitled to an adjusted conversion price and additional shares of common stock upon
exercise the 2011 Warrants.&nbsp;These warrants are subject to liability accounting. See Note 13B.


resale the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock and the exercise of the 2011 Warrants.


of $318
705 was calculated as the difference between the beneficial conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock and the fair
value of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at the issuance date
 multiplied by the number of shares into which the Series A Preferred
Stock were convertible. As the Series A Preferred is perpetual and convertible at any time at the option of the holder
 there is&nbsp;no
defined accretion period available. The Company determined that the BCF should be recognized as a fully accreted deemed dividend
on the Preferred Stock in the three months ended June 30
 2011.

    
    



are entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which such shares of preferred stock could
be converted and are subject to anti-dilution provisions. The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior to all classes of common stock
and the Company may not issue any capital stock that is senior to the Series A Preferred Stock unless such issuance is approved
by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock voting separately
as a class.


 the holders of Series
A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive an amount equal to the stated value of $1
000 per share
 plus any accrued and unpaid
dividends thereon and any other fees then due.


stock exceeds $100
000 per trading day and the Volume Weighted Average Price (as defined in the articles of designation of the
Series A&nbsp;Preferred Stock) for at least 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day period exceeds $0.76 (subject
to adjustment)
 the Company may convert all or any portion of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock into shares of common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;In
the event of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the articles of designation of the Series A&nbsp;Preferred Stock)
 the Company
may convert all of the Series A Preferred Stock plus all accrued but unpaid dividends thereon into common stock concurrently with
the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction.

 &ndash;
In year ended March 31
 2013
 holders of Series A Preferred Stock converted 195.132 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 and accrued
dividends thereon
&nbsp;into 720
967 shares of common stock.



The Company
enters into forward contracts from time to time to reduce its exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. The Company recognizes
in the balance sheet derivative contracts at fair value
 and reflects any net gains and losses currently in earnings. At March
31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had no forward contracts outstanding. Gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts
 which
was de minimis during the periods presented
 is included in other income and expense.




 &ldquo;Income
Taxes&rdquo;
 which requires the recognition of tax benefits or expense on the temporary differences between the tax basis and
book basis of its assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those differences are expected to be recovered or settled.


and state tax jurisdictions. The Company has various foreign subsidiaries for which tax years 2007 through 2013 remain open to
examination in certain foreign tax jurisdictions.


31
 2013 and 2012 consists of federal
 state and local taxes attributable to GCP
 which does not file a consolidated income tax
return with the Company
 and foreign taxes. As of March 31
 2013
 the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately
$79
100
000 for U.S. tax purposes
 which expire through 2033
 and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $19
700
000
which carry forward without limit of time. Utilization of the U.S. tax losses may be limited by the &ldquo;change of ownership&rdquo;
rules as set forth in section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code.


 on a financial statement basis
 from foreign
sources totaled $412
182 for the year ended March 31
 2013 and the pre-tax loss
 on a financial statement basis
 from foreign sources
totaled $154
328 for the year ended March&nbsp;31
 2012.


subsidiaries at March 31
 2013 and 2012.



    
    



federal statutory rate of 34%.




    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 at 34%
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




 the Company recorded
a deferred tax liability on the ascribed value of the acquired intangible assets of $2
222
222
 increasing the value of the asset.
The deferred tax liability is being reversed and a deferred tax benefit is being recognized over the amortization period of the
intangible asset (15&nbsp;years). For each of the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recognized $148
152 of income
tax benefit.


tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented below.




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
103
000
105
000

    
5
000
38
000

    
280
000
164
000

    
1
967
000
1
854
000

    
1
463
000
1
306
000

    
31
623
000
30
012
000

    
1
957
000
1
916
000

    
2
000
2
000

    
    
    

    
37
400
000
35
397
000

    
(37
400
000
(35
397
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(629
444
(629
444

    
(1
037
012
(1
185
164

    
    
    

    
(1
666
456
(1
814
608




allowance against its deferred tax assets as it believes it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized.
The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of March 31
 2013 and 2012 was approximately $37
400
000 and $35
397
000
 respectively.
The net change in the total valuation allowance for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 was $2
003
000 and $2
250
000
 respectively.
The Company does not offset its deferred tax assets and liabilities because its deferred tax assets and liabilities are in different
taxable entities which do not file consolidated returns.





    
    
 &mdash; In July&nbsp;2003
the Company implemented the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2003 Plan&rdquo;)
 which provides for awards of incentive and
non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors
to attract and retain such individuals. Stock option grants under the Plan are granted with an exercise price at or above the fair
market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant
 generally vest over a three to five year period and expire ten
years after the grant date.



 there were 2
000
000 shares of common
stock reserved and available for distribution under the Plan. In January&nbsp;2009
 the Company&rsquo;s shareholders approved an
amendment to the Plan to increase the number of shares available under the Plan from 2
000
000 to 12
000
000 and to establish the
maximum number of shares issuable to any one individual in any particular year. As of March 31
 2013
 3
300
663 shares remain available
for issuance under the Plan.


    
    




 the Company&rsquo;s shareholders
approved the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan (&ldquo;2013 Plan&rdquo;) which provides for awards of incentive and non-qualified
stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract
and retain such individuals. As of March 31
 2013
 no shares had been issued under the 2013 Plan.


March 31
 2013 and 2012 amounted to $282
314 and $190
463
 respectively
 of which $51
075 and $32
107
 respectively
 is included
in selling expense and $231
239 and $158
356
 respectively
 is included in general and administrative expense for the years ended
March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. At March 31
 2013
 total unrecognized compensation cost amounted to approximately $481
119
representing 3
886
182 unvested options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.22&nbsp;years.
There were no shares exercised during the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012.

 &mdash; A summary of the options
outstanding under the 2003 Plan is as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
6
330
599
    
4
570
850
    

    
1
800
166
    
1
837
349
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(10
000
    
(77
600
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
8
120
765
    
6
330
599
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
4
248
958

    
2
736
600
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



outstanding and exercisable at March 31
 2013:




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
631
400
    
631
400
    
55
351

    
7
031
865
    
3
160
058
    
27
082

    
68
000
    
68
000
    
    

    
181
000
    
181
000
    
    

    
17
000
    
17
000
    
    

    
184
000
    
184
000
    
    

    
7
500
    
7
500
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
8
120
765
    
4
248
958
    
82
433




 2013 were 4
248
958.
The weighted average exercise price of these options was $0.94. The weighted average remaining life of the options outstanding
was 7.18&nbsp;years and of the options exercisable was 6.02&nbsp;years.



    
    



unvested options for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012:


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2011
2
688
100
    

    
    
    

    
1
837
349
    

    
(16
250
    

    
(915
200
    

    
    
    


 2012
3
593
999
    

    
    
    

    
1
800
166
    

    
(8
750
    

    
(1
513
608

    

    
    
    


 2013
3
871
807

    



the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and is affected by assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective
variables. The use of an option pricing model also requires the use of a number of complex assumptions including expected volatility
risk-free interest rate
 expected dividends
 and expected term. Expected volatility is based on the Company&rsquo;s historical
volatility and the volatility of a peer group of companies over the expected life of the option. The expected term and vesting
of the options represents the estimated period of time until exercise. The expected term was determined using the simplified method
available under current guidance. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of
grant for the expected term of the option. The Company has not paid dividends on its common stock in the past and does not plan
to pay any dividends on its common stock in the near future. Current authoritative guidance also requires the Company to estimate
forfeitures at the time of grant and revise these estimates
 if necessary
 in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from
those estimates. The Company estimates forfeitures based on its expectation of future experience while considering its historical
experience.



the Black-Scholes option pricing model utilizing the following weighted average assumptions:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    


2011 Warrants issued in connection
with the Series A Preferred Stock&nbsp;


A Preferred Stock have an exercise price of $0.38 per share
 subject to adjustment
 and&nbsp;are exercisable for a period of five
years.&nbsp;&nbsp;The exercise price of the 2011 Warrants is equal to 125% of the conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;



in June 2011 in the consolidated financial statements as a liability&nbsp;at their initial fair value of $487
022 and accounted
for the 2011 Warrants issued in October 2011 as a liability&nbsp;at their initial fair value of $780
972. Changes in the fair value
of the 2011 Warrants will be recognized in earnings for each subsequent reporting period. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the fair
value of the 2011 Warrants was included in the balance sheet under the caption Warrant liability&nbsp;of $795
374 and $1
098
108
respectively. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded a gain for the change in the value of the 2011
Warrants of $302
734 and $109
767
 respectively.


    
    



under the valuation hierarchy and was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model utilizing the following assumptions:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Warrants
to Purchase Common Stock Issued to Senior Note Holders



November&nbsp;2006
 the Company entered into warrant agreements granting the right to purchase 213
600 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at an exercise price of $8.00 per share at any time through March 31
 2012. These warrants were recorded at fair value
and accounted for as a discount to the face value of the senior notes and a credit to additional paid-in capital in the amount
of $706
944. This discount was fully recognized over the adjusted term of the senior notes with a charge to interest expense and
a credit to senior notes payable. The warrants were not exercised prior to their expiration on March 31
 2012.


warrants for the periods presented:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 March&nbsp;31
 2011
1
926
814
    

    
    
    

    
11
754
087
    

    
    
    

    
(263
600
    

    
    
    


 March 31
 2012
13
417
301
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
543
214
    

    
    
    


 March 31
 2013
11
874
087
    


RELATED
PARTY TRANSACTIONS



    
    
The Company has entered into various transactions with Knappogue Corp.
 a shareholder in the Company that is controlled by the Company&rsquo;s Chairman and his family. The transactions primarily involved rental fees for use of Knappogue Corp.&rsquo;s interest in the Knappogue Castle for various corporate purposes
 including Company meetings and to entertain the Company&rsquo;s customers. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 fees incurred by the Company to Knappogue Corp. amounted to $9
093 and $9
565
 respectively. These charges have been included in selling expense.




    
    
I.L.A.R. S.p.A is a shareholder in the Company and one of the officers of I.L.A.R. S.p.A is a director of the Company. In January 2011
 CB-USA entered into an agreement (&quot;New Agreement&quot;) with Pallini Internazionale S.r.L. (&quot;Pallini&quot;)
 as successor in interest to I.L.A.R. S.p.A
 regarding the importation and distribution of certain Pallini brand products. The New Agreement supersedes that certain Agreement dated as of August 27
 2004 between I.L.A.R. S.p.A and CB-USA. The terms of the New Agreement are effective as of April 1
 2010.



    
    



 the Company is permitted
to import Pallini Limoncello and its flavor extensions at a set price
 updated annually
 and is obligated to set aside a portion
of the gross margin toward a marketing fund for Pallini. The New Agreement also encompasses the hiring of a Pallini Brand Manager
at the Company with Pallini reimbursing the costs of this position up to a stipulated annual amount. These reimbursements are included
in selling expense.



 2013 and 2012
 the Company
purchased goods from Pallini for $3
685
192 and $3
502
878
 respectively. As of March 31
 2013 and 2012
 Pallini owed the Company
$34
628 and $122
640
 respectively
 for its share of marketing expense
 which is included in due from shareholders and affiliates
on the consolidated balance sheet. As of March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company was indebted to Pallini for $967
188 and $436
561
respectively
 which is included in due to shareholders and affiliates on the consolidated balance sheet.




        
        
    
In November&nbsp;2008
 the Company entered into a management services agreement with Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder
 under which Vector Group agreed to make available to the Company the services of Richard J. Lampen
 Vector Group&rsquo;s executive vice president
 effective October&nbsp;11
 2008 to serve as the Company&rsquo;s president and chief executive officer and to provide certain other financial and accounting services
 including assistance with complying with Section&nbsp;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In consideration for such services
 the Company agreed to pay Vector Group an annual fee of $100
000
 plus any direct
 out-of-pocket costs
 fees and other expenses incurred by Vector Group or Mr.&nbsp;Lampen in connection with providing such services
 and to indemnify Vector Group for any liabilities arising out of the provision of the services. The agreement is terminable by either party upon 30&nbsp;days&rsquo; prior written notice. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 Vector Group was paid $113
406 and $118
893
 respectively
 under this agreement. These charges have been included in general and administrative expense.




    
    
In November&nbsp;2008
 the Company entered into an agreement to reimburse Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. (&ldquo;LTS&rdquo;) for its costs in providing certain administrative
 legal and financial services to the Company. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 LTS was paid $154
972 and $183
888
 respectively
 under this agreement. Mr.&nbsp;Lampen
 the Company&rsquo;s president and chief executive officer and a director
 is the president and chief executive officer and a director of LTS and two other directors of the Company serve as directors of LTS
 including Phillip Frost
 M.D. who is the Chairman and principal shareholder of LTS.



As described in Note 9D
 in March 2013
 the Company entered into a Participation Agreement







    
    
The Company has entered into a supply agreement with Irish Distillers Limited (&ldquo;IDL&rdquo;)
 which
provides for the production of blended Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance
with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least six years prior notice to the Company
except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount&nbsp;of liters of pure
alcohol it requires for the next four fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 90% of that amount
 subject to certain annual
adjustments. For the contract year ending June&nbsp;30
 2013
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &euro;649
073
or $831
871 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &euro;594
517
 or $761
951
 had been
purchased as of March 31
 2013. The Company is not obligated to pay IDL for any product not yet received. During the term of this
supply agreement
 IDL has the right to limit additional purchases above the commitment amount.




    
    
    

with IDL
 which provides for the production of single malt Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either
party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least thirteen years prior
notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount&nbsp;of
liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next twelve fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 80% of that amount
 subject
to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June&nbsp;30
 2013
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately
&euro;211
860 or $271
526 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &euro;174
264
 or $223
343
had been purchased as of March 31
 2013. The Company is not obligated to pay IDL for any product not yet received. During the term
of this supply agreement
 IDL has the right to limit additional purchases above the commitment amount.
        

    
    
The Company has a distribution agreement with Gaelic Heritage Corporation
 Ltd.
 an international supplier
 to be the sole-producer of Celtic Honey
 one of the Company&rsquo;s products
 for an indefinite period.




    
    
The Company leases office space in New York
 NY
 Dublin
 Ireland and Houston
 TX. The New York
 NY lease began on May 1
 2010 and expires on April 30
 2014 and provides for monthly payments of $18
693. The Dublin lease commenced on March 1
 2009 and extends through November 30
 2013 and provides for monthly payments of &euro;1
250 or $1
602 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate). The Houston
 TX lease commenced on February 24
 2000 and extends through January 31
 2015 and provides for monthly payments of $1
820. The Company has also entered into non-cancelable operating leases for certain office equipment.




    
    



initial or remaining terms in excess of one year are as follows:





    

    
257
168

    
37
446

    
    

    
294
614



 the
Company is obligated to pay its pro-rata share of utility and maintenance expenses on the leased premises. Rent expense under operating
leases amounted to approximately $325
082 and $323
201 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 and is included
in general and administrative expense.



    
    
Under the amended terms of the agreement under which the Company purchased McLain &amp; Kyne
 the Company was obligated to pay an earn-out to the sellers based on the financial performance of the acquired business. The aggregate amount of such earn-out payments
 which was not to exceed $4
000
000
 was determined by calculations as defined in the agreement
 as amended
 through March&nbsp;31
 2011. The Company is also required to pay an earn-out based on the case sales of the Jefferson&rsquo;s Presidential Select for a specified amount of cases. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the sellers earned $145
800 and $117
048
 respectively
 under this agreement.




    
    
As described in Note 9C
 in August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Keltic Facility
 as amended in July 2012 and March 2013.






    
    
 &mdash; The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents balances at various large financial institutions that
 at times
 may exceed federally and internationally insured limits. The Company exceeded the limits in effect by approximately $300
000 at March 31
 2013
 and did not exceed the limits in effect as of March 31
 2012.

    

    
    
 &mdash; Sales to four
        customers accounted for approximately 45.1% of the Company&rsquo;s revenues for the year ended March 31
 2013 (of which
        one customer accounted for 30.2%) and approximately 41.7% of accounts receivable at March 31
 2013. Sales to four customers
        accounted for approximately 46.2% of the Company&rsquo;s revenues for the year ended March 31
 2012 (of which one customer
        accounted for 30.2%) and approximately 40.9% of accounts receivable at March 31
 2012.






of premium beverage alcohol. The Company&rsquo;s product categories are rum
 liqueur
&nbsp;whiskey
 vodka
&nbsp;tequila and wine.
The Company reports its operations in two geographic areas: International and United States.



revenues and assets generated in or held in the U.S. and foreign countries. The following table sets forth the amounts and percentage
of consolidated revenue
 consolidated results from operations
 consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders
 consolidated
income tax benefit and consolidated assets from the U.S. and foreign countries and consolidated revenue by category.



    



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
5
444
798
    
4
370
460
    

    
35
998
196
    
31
124
155
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
41
442
994
    
35
494
615
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(26
329
    
(170
936
    

    
(4
405
519
    
(3
706
151
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(4
431
848
    
(3
877
087
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(145
784
    
(964
883
    

    
(5
302
973
    
(4
267
442
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(5
448
757
    
(5
232
325
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
148
152
    
148
152
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
15
324
904
    
12
811
614
    

    
8
803
111
    
8
772
099
    

    
9
421
168
    
6
510
762
    

    
3
565
070
    
3
729
267
    

    
242
537
    
286
552
    

    
689
637
    
901
651
    

    
3
396
567
    
2
482
670
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
41
442
994
    
35
494
615
    




    



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
941
537
    
2
430
226
    

    
31
175
558
    
28
924
551
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
33
117
095
    
31
354
777
    





    
    



Item&nbsp;9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure








(as defined in Rules&nbsp;13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;)) that are designed to ensure that information that would be required to be disclosed in Exchange Act reports is recorded
processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 respectively)
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.


 2013
 we carried out an evaluation
under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing
 our
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in the securities laws
 internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 our Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officers and effected
by our Board of Directors
 management
 and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that (i)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and (iii)&nbsp;provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements.


is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.


 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


effectiveness of the internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule&nbsp;13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange
Act) as of March 31
 2013
 based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission.


 including the Principal Executive
and Principal Financial Officers
 based on their evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting
 have concluded that
our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31
 2013.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


control over financial reporting that occurred in the fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely
to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.




 2013
 we entered into a new indemnification agreement
(the &ldquo;Indemnification Agreement&rdquo;) with each of our executive officers and directors (each an &ldquo;Indemnitee&rdquo;)
which replaces our existing form of indemnification agreement for the Indemnitees. The Indemnification Agreement supplements our
Articles of Incorporation
 as amended
 Bylaws and Florida law in providing certain indemnification rights to the Indemnitee.


 among other things
that we will indemnify the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by Florida law
 including the advancement of attorneys&rsquo;
fees
 costs and other expenses actually and reasonably incurred or paid by the Indemnitee in connection with any threatened
 pending
or completed actions
 suits
 investigations
 or proceedings
 whether civil
 criminal
 administrative or investigative nature
 and
to which the Indemnitee was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party or was or is a witness or participates by reason
of the fact that the Indemnitee is or was an officer
 director
 manager
 consultant
 stockholder
 employee or agent of ours or
any of our subsidiaries or affiliates
 subject to certain exclusions and procedures set forth in the Indemnification Agreement.


is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Form of Indemnification Agreement
 which
is filed as Exhibit 10.43 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.


    
    




Item&nbsp;10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance


is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2013 annual meeting of shareholders
 which will be filed
no later than 120 days after March 31
 2013.




is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2013 annual meeting of shareholders
 which will be filed
no later than 120 days after March 31
 2013.

Item&nbsp;12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Shareholder Matters


plans is set forth in Item 5 of this annual report&nbsp;on Form 10-K and is&nbsp;incorporated herein&nbsp;by reference.


required by this Item&nbsp;12 is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2013 annual meeting of shareholders
which will be filed no later than 120 days after March 31
 2013.

Item&nbsp;13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence


by this Item&nbsp;13 is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2013 annual meeting of shareholders
which will be filed no later than 120 days after March 31
 2013.




by this Item&nbsp;14 is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2013 annual meeting of shareholders
which will be filed no later than 120 days after March 31
 2013. &nbsp;



Item&nbsp;15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules



    
    
    




    
    
Financial Statements &mdash; See Index to Financial Statements at Item
8 on page 31 of this annual report on Form 10-K.




    
    
    




    
    
Exhibits &mdash; The following exhibits are filed as part of
 or incorporated by reference into
 this annual report on Form 10-K:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated as of September 21
 2009
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Betts &amp; Scholl
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 22
 2009)

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement and Plan of Merger dated February 9
 2010 between Castle Brands Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and Castle Brands (Florida) Inc.
 a Florida corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12
 2010)

    
    
    

    
    
Composite Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-8 (File No. 333-160380) filed with the SEC on March 10
 2010)

    
    
    

    
    
Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation Designating the Preferences
 Rights and Limitations of 10% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9
 2011)




    
    




    
    
Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Appendix E to our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on December 30
 2009)

    
    
    

    
    
    

        to Exhibit 4.3 to our Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-8 (File No. 333-160380) filed with the SEC on March 10
 2010)
        

    
    
Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant to be issued by the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    
Loan and Security Agreement
 dated as of August 19
 2011
 among Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP
 the
Company and Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the
SEC on July 26
 2012)

    
    
    

    
    
    
    dated as of July 23
 2012
 among Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP
 the Company and Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 25
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    
    
 dated as of March 11
 2013
 among Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP
 the Company and Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
    
 dated as of March 11
 2013
 in favor of Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note

11
 2013
 in favor of Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 to our current report on Form
8-K filed with the SEC on March 14
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Export Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;14
 2005 between Gosling Partners Inc. and Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda) Limited(Exhibit 10.1)(1)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No.&nbsp;1 to Export Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;18
 2005
 by and among Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. and Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda) Limited(Exhibit 10.2)(1)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
National Distribution Agreement
 dated as of September&nbsp;3
 2004
 by and between Castle Brands (USA)&nbsp;Corp. and Gosling&rsquo;s Export (Bermuda) Limited(Exhibit 10.3)(1)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
Subscription Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;18
 2005
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Gosling-Castle Partners Inc.(Exhibit 10.4)(1)

    
    
    

    
    
Stockholders' Agreement
 dated February&nbsp;18
 2005
 by and among Gosling-Castle Partners Inc. and the persons listed on Schedule&nbsp;I thereto (Exhibit 10.5)(1)

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement
 dated as of January 12
 2011
 between Pallini Internazionale S.r.L. and Castle Brands (USA)&nbsp;Corp. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on January 18
 2011) (2)

    
    
    

    
    
Supply Agreement
 dated as of January&nbsp;1
 2005
 between Irish Distillers Limited and Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited and Castle Brands (USA) Corp.(Exhibit 10.8)(1)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No.&nbsp;1 to Supply Agreement
 dated as of September&nbsp;20
 2005
 to the Supply Agreement
 dated as of January&nbsp;1
 2005
 among Irish Distillers Limited and Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited and Castle Brands (USA) Corp.(Exhibit 10.9)(1)

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Worldwide Distribution Agreement
 dated as of April 16
 2001
 by and between Great Spirits Company LLC and Gaelic Heritage Corporation Limited(Exhibit 10.10)(1)




    
    
Letter Agreement
 dated November&nbsp;7
 2008
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Vector Group Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on November&nbsp;12
 2008)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Indemnification Agreement to be entered into with directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.3 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October&nbsp;14
 2008)

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
Form of Castle Brands Inc. Stock Option Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on June 16
 2006)#

    
    
    

    
    
Stock Purchase Agreement
 dated as of October&nbsp;12
 2006
 among Chester F. Zoeller III
 Brittany Lynn Zoeller Carlson and Beth Allison Zoeller Willis and the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on October&nbsp;16
 2006)




    
    




    
    
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of November&nbsp;13
 2007
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Alfred J. Small (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on November&nbsp;13
 2007)#

    
    
    

    
    
Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 effective as of February 26
 2010
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Mark Andrews (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on March 1
 2010)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 effective as of May&nbsp;2
 2005
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and T. Kelley Spillane(1)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of May 6
 2010
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Alfred J. Small (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on May 7
 2010)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of May&nbsp;6
 2010
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and T.&nbsp;&nbsp;Kelley Spillane (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the SEC on May 7
 2010)#

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;4
 2008
 by and between Autentica Tequilera S.A. de C.V. and Castle Brands (USA)&nbsp;Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.74 to our quarterly report on Form&nbsp;10-Q filed with the SEC on February&nbsp;14
 2008)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
Castle Brands Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan
 as amended
 (Exhibit&nbsp;10.29)(1)#

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No. 2 to Castle Brands Inc. 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to&nbsp;our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 30
 2009 filed with the SEC on June 29
 2009)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement
 dated September&nbsp;27
 2005
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Keltic Financial Partners
 LP (Exhibit&nbsp;10.52)(1)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on February&nbsp;17
 2009)#

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No. 2 to Bottling and Services Agreement
 dated as of July 23
 2009
 by and between Terra Limited and Castle Brands Spirits Company Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to&nbsp;our current report on Form 8-K filed on July 29
 2009)(2)

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement
 made as of January 24
 2008
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and John S. Glover (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Amendment No. 1 to our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 29
 2009)#

    
    
    

    
    
Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of June 8
 2011
 between the Company and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    
Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of June 8
 2011
 between the Company and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    
Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of June 8
 2011
 between the Company and each affiliate purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9
 2011)




    
    
Exchange Agreement dated as of June 8
 2011
 between the Company and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    
Registration Rights Agreement dated as of June 8
 2011
 between the Company and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 9
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    
First Amendment to Exchange Agreement
 dated as of June 13
 2011
 between the Company and Frost Gamma Investments Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14
 2011)

    
    
    

    
    
    

 dated as of
August 19
 2011
 among Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP
 the Company
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. and the officer signatory thereto
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 25
 2011)


    
    
    

    
    
    
 dated as of March 11
 2013
 among Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP
 the Company
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. and the officers signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
    
 dated as of March 11
 2013
 among the Company
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. and the junior participants party thereto (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14
 2013)




    
    




    
    
Amendment to Employment Agreement
 made as of July 26
 2011
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and John S. Glover (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 27
 2011).#

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Letter
 dated July 29
 2011
 by and between Castle Brands USA Corp. and Maria Alejandra Pena (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14
 2011) #

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of May&nbsp;11
 2012
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and T. Kelley Spillane (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed on May 17
 2012)#

    
    
    

    
    
    
 dated as of May 11
 2012
 between Castle Brands Inc. and Alfred J. Small (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our current report on Form 8-K filed on May 17
 2012)#

    
    
    

    
    
    

Agreement
 effective as of May 11
 2012
 by and between Castle Brands Inc. and Mark Andrews (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.3
to our current report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed on May 17
 2012)#


    
    
    

    
    
2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit A to our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for the 2012 annual meeting of shareholders
 filed
with the SEC on September 11
 2012)#

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of CEO Pursuant to Rule&nbsp;13a-14(a)
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of CFO Pursuant to Rule&nbsp;13a-14(a)
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    




    
Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T
 these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections.




    
    
    




    
    
Previously filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-128676)
 which was declared effective on April 5
 2006
 and incorporated by reference herein.




    
    
Confidential portions of this document are omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment that has been granted by the Commission
 and have been filed separately with the Commission.




    
    





or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized
 on July 1
 2013.



    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

 Chief Financial

 Secretary and Treasurer (Principal
        
        





constitutes and appoints each of Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small
 such person&rsquo;s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and
agent with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 for such person and in such person&rsquo;s name
 place and stead
 in
any and all capacities
 to sign any and all amendments to this report on Form 10-K
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto
and all documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 granting unto each said attorney-in-fact
and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about
the premises
 as fully to all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming
all that any said attorney-in-fact and agent
 or any substitute or substitutes of any of them
 may lawfully do or cause to be done
by virtue hereof.


Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
July 1
&nbsp;2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Senior&nbsp;Vice&nbsp;President
&nbsp;Chief&nbsp;Financial
    
July 1
&nbsp;2013

    
    
Officer
&nbsp;Secretary&nbsp;and&nbsp;Treasurer&nbsp;(Principal
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
July 1
&nbsp;2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
July 1
&nbsp;2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
July 1
&nbsp;2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
July 1
&nbsp;2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Phillip Frost
 M.D.
    
    
    
July 1
 2013

Phillip Frost
 M.D.
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
July 1
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
July 1
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
July 1
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
July 1
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
July 1
 2013

    
    
    
    
    



    














     











    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Delaware
 USA

    
    
    

    
    
Delaware
 USA

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    














     






CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM


by reference in the Registration Statements of Castle Brands Inc. on Form S-3 (No. 333-176005) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-133567
and 333-160380) of our report dated July 1
 2013
 on our audits of the consolidated financial statements as of March 31
 2013
and 2012 and for each of the years in the two year period ended March 31
 2013
 which report is included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.



    
    

New York
 New York
    

July 1
 2013
    



    














     









 Richard J. Lampen.
 certify that:



    
    




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date: July 1
 2013&nbsp;
    

    
    

    
    
        
        



    














     









 Alfred J. Small.
 certify that:



    
    
    




    
    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




    
    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date: July 1
 2013&nbsp;
    

    
    

    
    
        
        



    














     







18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


 as adopted
pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 Richard J. Lampen
 the President and Chief Executive Officer of
Castle Brands Inc. (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;) and Alfred J. Small
 Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant
 each hereby certifies
that:


on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31
 2013 (the &ldquo;Periodic Report&rdquo;) fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and


Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.


 2013



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    





















      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      





      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      



    


    




        


        




    


    



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 liqueur
&amp;#160;whiskey
 vodka

 consolidated results from operations
 consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders


444

370

998

124

442

494



405

706

431

877



302

267

448

232



324

811

803

772

421

510

565

729





396

482

442

494


941

430

175

924

117

354

  

 consolidated results from operations
 consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders


444

370

998

124

442

494



405

706

431

877



302

267

448

232



324

811

803

772

421

510

565

729





396

482

442

494


941

430

175

924

117

354

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 at times
 may exceed federally and internationally insured limits. The Company exceeded the limits in effect by approximately $300
000&lt;/font&gt; at March 31
 2013
 and did not exceed the limits in effect as of March 31

 2013 (of which one customer accounted for 30.2%) and approximately 41.7% of accounts receivable at March 31
 2013. Sales to four customers accounted for approximately 46.2% of the Company&amp;#8217;s revenues for the year ended March 31
 2012 (of which one customer accounted for 30.2%) and approximately 40.9% of accounts receivable at March 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 which provides for the production of blended Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least six years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount&amp;#160;of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next four fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 90% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June&amp;#160;30
 2013
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &amp;#8364;649
073 or $831
871 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &amp;#8364;594
517
 or $761
951
 had been purchased as of March 31
 2013. The Company is not obligated to pay IDL for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement

 which provides for the production of single malt Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least thirteen years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount&amp;#160;of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next twelve fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 80% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June&amp;#160;30
 2013
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &amp;#8364;211
860 or $271
526 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &amp;#8364;174
264
 or $223
343
 had been purchased as of March 31
 2013. The Company is not obligated to pay IDL for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement

 Ltd.
 an international supplier
 to be the sole-producer of Celtic Honey
 one of the Company&amp;#8217;s products

 NY
 Dublin
 Ireland and Houston
 TX. The New York
 NY lease began on May 1
 2010 and expires on April 30
 2014 and provides for monthly payments of $18
693. The Dublin lease commenced on March 1
 2009 and extends through November 30
 2013 and provides for monthly payments of &amp;#8364;1
250 or $1
602 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate). The Houston
 TX lease commenced on February 24
 2000 and extends through January 31
 2015 and provides for monthly payments of $1





 the Company is obligated to pay its pro-rata share of utility and maintenance expenses on the leased premises. Rent expense under operating leases amounted to approximately $325
082 and $323
201 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively

 the Company was obligated to pay an earn-out to the sellers based on the financial performance of the acquired business. The aggregate amount of such earn-out payments
 which was not to exceed $4
000
000
 was determined by calculations as defined in the agreement
 as amended
 through March&amp;#160;31
 2011. The Company is also required to pay an earn-out based on the case sales of the Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Presidential Select for a specified amount of cases. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the sellers earned $145
800 and $117
048
 respectively

 in August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Keltic Facility






  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 a shareholder in the Company that is controlled by the Company&amp;#8217;s Chairman and his family. The transactions primarily involved rental fees for use of Knappogue Corp.&amp;#8217;s interest in the Knappogue Castle for various corporate purposes
 including Company meetings and to entertain the Company&amp;#8217;s customers. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 fees incurred by the Company to Knappogue Corp. amounted to $9
093 and $9
565

 CB-USA entered into an agreement (New Agreement) with Pallini Internazionale S.r.L. (Pallini)
 as successor in interest to I.L.A.R. S.p.A
 regarding the importation and distribution of certain Pallini brand products. The New Agreement supersedes that certain Agreement dated as of August 27
 2004 between I.L.A.R. S.p.A and CB-USA. The terms of the New Agreement are effective as of April 1

 the Company is permitted to import Pallini Limoncello and its flavor extensions at a set price
 updated annually

 2013 and 2012
 the Company purchased goods from Pallini for $3
685
192 and $3
502
878
 respectively. As of March 31
 2013 and 2012
 Pallini owed the Company $34
628 and $122
640
 respectively
 for its share of marketing expense
 which is included in due from shareholders and affiliates on the consolidated balance sheet. As of March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company was indebted to Pallini for $967
188 and $436
561
 respectively

 the Company entered into a management services agreement with Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder
 under which Vector Group agreed to make available to the Company the services of Richard J. Lampen
 Vector Group&amp;#8217;s executive vice president
 effective October&amp;#160;11
 2008 to serve as the Company&amp;#8217;s president and chief executive officer and to provide certain other financial and accounting services
 including assistance with complying with Section&amp;#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In consideration for such services
 the Company agreed to pay Vector Group an annual fee of $100
000
 plus any direct
 out-of-pocket costs
 fees and other expenses incurred by Vector Group or Mr.&amp;#160;Lampen in connection with providing such services
 and to indemnify Vector Group for any liabilities arising out of the provision of the services. The agreement is terminable by either party upon 30&amp;#160;days&amp;#8217; prior written notice. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 Vector Group was paid $113
406 and $118
893
 respectively

 the Company entered into an agreement to reimburse Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. (&amp;#8220;LTS&amp;#8221;) for its costs in providing certain administrative
 legal and financial services to the Company. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 LTS was paid $154
972 and $183
888
 respectively
 under this agreement. Mr.&amp;#160;Lampen
 the Company&amp;#8217;s president and chief executive officer and a director
 is the president and chief executive officer and a director of LTS and two other directors of the Company serve as directors of LTS
 including Phillip Frost

 in March 2013

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the Company implemented the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2003 Plan&amp;#8221;)
 which provides for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. Stock option grants under the Plan are granted with an exercise price at or above the fair market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant

 there were 2
000
000 shares of common stock reserved and available for distribution under the Plan. In January&amp;#160;2009
 the Company&amp;#8217;s shareholders approved an amendment to the Plan to increase the number of shares available under the Plan from 2
000
000 to 12
000
000 and to establish the maximum number of shares issuable to any one individual in any particular year. As of March 31
 2013
 3
300

 the Company&amp;#8217;s shareholders approved the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan (&amp;#8220;2013 Plan&amp;#8221;) which provides for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. As of March 31
 2013

 2013 and 2012 amounted to $282
314 and $190
463
 respectively
 of which $51
075 and $32
107
 respectively
 is included in selling expense and $231
239 and $158
356
 respectively
 is included in general and administrative expense for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. At March 31
 2013
 total unrecognized compensation cost amounted to approximately $481
119
 representing 3
886
182 unvested options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.22&amp;#160;years. There were no shares exercised during the years ended March 31


330

570

800

837



120

330

248

736





031

160












120

248


 2013 were 4
248



688

837




593

800


513


871

 risk-free interest rate
 expected dividends
 and expected term. Expected volatility is based on the Company&amp;#8217;s historical volatility and the volatility of a peer group of companies over the expected life of the option. The expected term and vesting of the options represents the estimated period of time until exercise. The expected term was determined using the simplified method available under current guidance. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the option. The Company has not paid dividends on its common stock in the past and does not plan to pay any dividends on its common stock in the near future. Current authoritative guidance also requires the Company to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revise these estimates
 if necessary


 subject to adjustment

022 and accounted for the 2011 Warrants issued in October 2011 as a liability&amp;#160;at their initial fair value of $780
972. Changes in the fair value of the 2011 Warrants will be recognized in earnings for each subsequent reporting period. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the fair value of the 2011 Warrants was included in the balance sheet under the caption Warrant liability&amp;#160;of $795
374 and $1
098
108
 respectively. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded a gain for the change in the value of the 2011 Warrants of $302
734 and $109
767



 the Company entered into warrant agreements granting the right to purchase 213
600 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $8.00 per share at any time through March 31
 2012. These warrants were recorded at fair value and accounted for as a discount to the face value of the senior notes and a credit to additional paid-in capital in the amount of $706
944. This discount was fully recognized over the adjusted term of the senior notes with a charge to interest expense and a credit to senior notes payable. The warrants were not exercised prior to their expiration on March 31

 March 31

926

754


 March 31

417

543

 March 31

874

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


330

570

800

837



120

330

248

736

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 March 31

926

754


 March 31

417

543

 March 31

874

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





031

160












120

248





688

837




593

800


513


871






  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&amp;#8220;CB-USA&amp;#8221;) and McLain &amp;amp; Kyne
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;McLain &amp;amp; Kyne&amp;#8221;)
 the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&amp;#8220;CB-IRL&amp;#8221;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&amp;#8217;s 60% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;GCP&amp;#8221;)

 marketing and sale of premium and super premium brands of rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka and tequila in the United States
 Canada
 Europe
 and Asia. Prior to March 31
 2012
 the vodka
 Irish whiskeys and certain liqueurs were procured by CB-IRL and billed in Euros to CB-USA
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss resting with CB-USA. Beginning April 1
 2012

 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning Gosling&amp;#8217;s Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of Bermuda
 and Gosling&amp;#8217;s Stormy Ginger Beer

 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Reserve and Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Presidential Select
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions; Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; and Knappogue Castle 1951

 a premium Irish cream liqueur; Castello Mio
 a super premium Sambuca
 Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement
 Pallini Limoncello
 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs; pursuant to an exclusive global distribution agreement
 Travis Hasse&amp;#8217;s Original&amp;#174; Pie liqueurs
 and pursuant to a U.S. distribution agreement
 Gozio amaretto

 an ultra-pure
 five-times distilled and specially filtered premium vodka. Boru is produced in Ireland and has three flavor extensions (citrus

 super-premium tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
 which is available as blanco



 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)

 bulk wine
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
 and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&amp;#8217;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage

 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $684
830 and $275
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with the disposition of wine brands
 label and packaging changes made to certain brands

 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts

 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis

 &amp;#8220;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&amp;#8221;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results. Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates that most significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses and discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s net assets exceeds the unit&amp;#8217;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks

 2013 and 2012 by weighting a combination of the present value of the Company&amp;#8217;s discounted anticipated future operating cash flows and values based on market multiples of revenue and earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&amp;#8220;EBITDA&amp;#8221;) of comparable companies. Other than the write-downs of intangible and goodwill related to the wine brands discussed in Note 7
 the Company did not record any impairment on goodwill or other intangible assets for the years ended March 31

 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&amp;#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. The Company did not record an impairment on long-lived assets for the years ended March 31

 the Company determined to reduce its sales and marketing efforts on its wine brands
 which do not provide a material contribution to the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations. The Company made this decision to optimize its resources and focus on its faster growing and more profitable spirits brands
 and to reduce the levels of working capital required to maintain necessary inventory levels of bulk wine and finished goods. The Company intends to continue selling existing finished goods wine inventory through its current sales channels
 but is actively seeking buyers for large lots and for its bulk wine. In connection with this decision
 the Company recognized a loss of $1
715
728
 consisting of $817
156 on the write-down of net intangible assets and $898
572 in goodwill
 as well as $326
869 charged to the provision for obsolete inventory to adjust both bulk wine and finished goods to estimated net realizable value
 for the year ended March 31

 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&amp;#8217;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $1
171
290 and $885
837 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012


 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases

 &amp;#8220;Foreign Currency Matters&amp;#8221;
 the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are shown as a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations. Prior to March 31
 2012
 the Company&amp;#8217;s vodka
 Irish whiskeys and certain liqueurs were procured by CB-IRL and billed in Euros to CB-USA
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss resting with CB-USA. Beginning April 1
 2012
 CB-USA began purchasing these goods directly from the suppliers

 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments&amp;#8221;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&amp;#8217;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&amp;#8217;s debt



 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;

 no such provisions for accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions have been recorded as of March 31


 which is included in selling expense
 was $2
212
774 and $1
940
571for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012

 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation

 including both its own proprietary brands and those it distributes for others. The Company does not have long-term written agreements with all of its suppliers. Also
 if the Company fails to complete purchases of products ordered annually
 certain suppliers have the right to bill it for product not purchased during the period. Suppliers&amp;#8217; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
 delays in shipments of products from international suppliers or the loss of existing suppliers
 especially key suppliers
 could have material adverse effects on the Company&amp;#8217;s operating results. The inability to maintain

 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2012-02
 &amp;#8220;Intangibles&amp;#151;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment.&amp;#8221; The amended guidance simplifies how entities test indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill for impairment.&amp;#160; After an assessment of certain qualitative factors
 if it is determined to be more likely than not that an indefinite-lived asset is impaired
 entities must perform the quantitative impairment test.&amp;#160; Otherwise
 the quantitative test is optional.&amp;#160; The amended guidance is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted.&amp;#160; The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2012-04
 &amp;#8220;Technical Corrections and Improvements.&amp;#8221; The amendments in this update cover a wide range of topics in the ASC. These amendments include technical corrections and improvements to the ASC and conforming amendments related to fair value measurements. The amendments in this update will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The adoption of this standard is not expected have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued amendments to the accounting guidance for presentation of comprehensive income to improve the reporting of reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income. The amendments do not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income
 but do require an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where the net income is presented or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under GAAP that provide additional detail about these amounts. For public companies
 these amendments are effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2011-05
 &lt;em&gt;Presentation of Comprehensive Income&lt;/em&gt; (ASU 2011-05)
 which revises the manner in which entities present comprehensive income in their financial statements. The new guidance amends ASC No.&amp;#160;220
 &lt;em&gt; Comprehensive Income
&lt;/em&gt; and gives reporting entities the option to present the total of comprehensive income
 the components of net income
 and the components of other comprehensive income in either a continuous statement of comprehensive income or two separate but consecutive statements. ASU 2011-05 does not change the items that must be reported in other comprehensive income. This new guidance was effective for the Company April 1
 2012 and is applied retrospectively. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2012-03
 &amp;#8220;Technical Amendments and Corrections to SEC Sections: Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 114
 Technical Amendments Pursuant to SEC Release No. 33-9250
 and Corrections Related to FASB Accounting Standards Update 2010-22 (SEC Update).&amp;#8221; This update amends various SEC paragraphs pursuant to the issuance of SAB No. 114. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2013 and 2012


120

330

874

417

879

086

874

834



120

330

874

417

879

086

874

834

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


191

107

540

625

731

732

 2013 and 2012
 19% and 22%
 respectively
 of raw materials and 4% and 3%
 respectively

 the Company acquired $2
496

 but not limited to
 historical usage

  
  
  
  
  
  
  


191

107

540

625

731

732

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 CB-USA formed DP Castle Partners
 LLC (&amp;#8220;DPCP&amp;#8221;) with Drink Pie
 LLC to manage the manufacturing and marketing of Travis Hasse&amp;#8217;s Original Apple Pie Liqueur
 Cherry Pie Liqueur and any future line extensions of the brand. DPCP has the exclusive global rights to produce and market Travis Hasse&amp;#8217;s Original Pie Liqueurs and CB-USA has the global distribution rights for this brand. DPCP pays a per case royalty fee to Drink Pie
 LLC under a licensing agreement. CB-USA purchases the finished product from DPCP at a pre-determined margin and then uses its existing infrastructure
 sales force and distributor network to sell the product and promote the brands. Finished goods are sold to CB-USA FOB &amp;#150; Production and CB-USA bears the risk of loss on both inventory and third-party receivables. Revenues and cost of sales are recorded at their respective gross amounts on the books and records of CB-USA. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 CB-USA purchased $867
280 and $741
830
 respectively
 in finished goods from DPCP under the distribution agreement. As of March 31
 2013
 DPCP was indebted to CB-USA in the amount of $268
598
 which is included in due from shareholders and affiliates on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. As of March 31
 2012
 CB-USA was indebted to DPCP in the amount of $28
469
 which is included in due to shareholders and affiliates on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. At March 31
 2013
 CB-USA owned 20% of the DPCP and
 under the terms of the agreement
&amp;#160;will increase its stake in DPCP based on achieving case sale targets. The Company has accounted for this investment under the equity method of accounting. This investment balance was $116
700 and $130
850 at March 31
 2013 and 2012

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2006
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of McLain &amp;amp; Kyne. Under the McLain &amp;amp; Kyne purchase agreement
 as amended
 the Company paid contingent consideration to the sellers based on the financial performance of certain assets of the acquired business through March 31
 2011. The Company is also required to pay contingent consideration
 based on the case sales of Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Presidential Select bourbon for a specified amount of cases
 rather than a fixed period of time. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the sellers earned $145
800 and $117
048
 respectively

  
  



026

964



036

974

519

353



 2013 and 2012 totaled $187
539 and $180
183



026

964



036

974

519

353



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the Company determined to reduce its sales and marketing efforts on its wine brands
 which do not provide a material contribution to the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations. The Company made this decision to optimize its resources and focus on its faster growing and more profitable spirits brands
 and to reduce the levels of working capital required to maintain necessary inventory levels of bulk wine and finished goods. The Company intends to continue selling existing finished goods wine inventory through its current sales channels
 but is actively seeking buyers for large lots and for its bulk wine. In connection with this decision
 the Company recognized a loss of $1
715
728
 consisting of $817
156 on the write-down of net intangible assets and $898
572 in goodwill
 as well as $326
869 charged to the provision for obsolete inventory to adjust both bulk wine and finished goods to estimated net realizable value
 for the year ended March 31



126



243










271

271








096

729

404

906

692

823

112

478

805

302






409

857






404

906

 2013 and 2012 totaled $732
783 and $734
179







185




126



243





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;

 2013 and 2012 consists of federal
 state and local taxes attributable to GCP
 which does not file a consolidated income tax return with the Company
 and foreign taxes. As of March 31
 2013
 the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $79
100
000 for U.S. tax purposes
 which expire through 2033
 and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $19
700
000

 on a financial statement basis
 from foreign sources totaled $412
182 for the year ended March 31
 2013 and the pre-tax loss
 on a financial statement basis
 from foreign sources totaled $154
328 for the year ended March&amp;#160;31





 the Company recorded a deferred tax liability on the ascribed value of the acquired intangible assets of $2
222
222
 increasing the value of the asset. The deferred tax liability is being reversed and a deferred tax benefit is being recognized over the amortization period of the intangible asset (15&amp;#160;years). For each of the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recognized $148








967

854

463

306

623

012

957

916



400

397

400

397



037

185

666

814

 2013 and 2012 was approximately $37
400
000 and $35
397
000
 respectively. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 was $2
003
000 and $2
250
000













967

854

463

306

623

012

957

916



400

397

400

397



037

185

666

814

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

100

  
  
  
  

 and reflects any net gains and losses currently in earnings. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had no forward contracts outstanding. Gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts
 which was de minimis during the periods presented


100
000 of newly-designated 10% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 par value $0.01 per share (&amp;#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&amp;#8221;). As part of the June 2011 Private Placement
 the Company completed a private offering&amp;#160;to third-party&amp;#160;investors of $2
155
000 of Series A Preferred Stock for its stated value of $1
000 per share and warrants (&amp;#8220;2011 Warrants&amp;#8221;) to purchase 50% of the number of shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 issuable upon conversion of such Series A Preferred Stock. Subject to adjustment (including dilutive issuances)

 whether or not declared by the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors
 which are only payable in shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock or upon a liquidation.&amp;#160;For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded accrued dividends of $744
467 and $430
761
 respectively

 certain directors
 officers and other affiliates of the Company agreed to purchase an aggregate of $1
005
000 of Series A Preferred Stock and 2011 Warrants on substantially the same terms described above
 subject to shareholder approval of such issuance.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Pending such shareholder approval
 the Company issued an aggregate of $1
005
000 in promissory notes to these affiliate purchasers. These notes converted automatically into Series A Preferred Stock and 2011 Warrants in October 2011 and accrued interest on these notes was converted into accrued dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock.&amp;#160; The affiliate purchasers included Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Richard J. Lampen
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 and certain of his affiliates
 John Glover
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Operating Officer and Alfred J. Small

 certain holders of the Company&amp;#8217;s outstanding debt
 including directors
 officers and other affiliates
 agreed to purchase shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 2011 Warrants in exchange for approximately&amp;#160;$4
000
000 aggregate principal amount of the Company&amp;#8217;s existing debt
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 on substantially the same terms described above
 subject to shareholder approval of such issuance.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The affiliate debt holders included Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Vector Group Ltd.
 Richard J. Lampen
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Lafferty Ltd.
 IVC Investments
 LLLP
 and Betts &amp;amp; Scholl
 LLC
 (which agreed to convert principal amount
 but not accrued but unpaid interest thereon).&amp;#160;In October 2011
 these notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 as applicable

 or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any sale
 grant or option to purchase or other disposition)
 any common stock or common stock equivalents entitling any person to acquire common stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock

705 was calculated as the difference between the beneficial conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock and the fair value of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at the issuance date
 multiplied by the number of shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock were convertible. As the Series A Preferred is perpetual and convertible at any time at the option of the holder
 there is&amp;#160;no defined accretion period available. The Company determined that the BCF should be recognized as a fully accreted deemed dividend on the Preferred Stock in the three months ended June 30

 the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive an amount equal to the stated value of $1
000 per share

000 per trading day and the Volume Weighted Average Price (as defined in the articles of designation of the Series A&amp;#160;Preferred Stock) for at least 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day period exceeds $0.76 (subject to adjustment)
 the Company may convert all or any portion of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock into shares of common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In the event of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the articles of designation of the Series A&amp;#160;Preferred Stock)

 2013
 holders of Series A Preferred Stock converted 195.132 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 and accrued dividends thereon
&amp;#160;into 720

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






271

271








096

729

404

906

692

823

112

478

805

302







409

857






404

906








185


 2013 and 2012
 the Company had &amp;#8364;352
255 or $451
346 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) and &amp;#8364;351
089 or $468
275 (translated at the March 31
 2012 exchange rate)
 respectively
 of cash restricted from withdrawal and held by a bank in Ireland as collateral for overdraft coverage
 creditors&amp;#8217; insurance

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.75%


 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&#39;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens


000 per month (increased to $2

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears

  
  



997


298






501

849

496

298

061

000 or $448
571 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&amp;#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&amp;#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &amp;#8364;69
761 or $89
407
 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012

 GCP issued a promissory note (the &amp;#8220;GCP Note&amp;#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580&lt;/font&gt; to Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to shareholders and affiliates. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $211

 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Keltic Facility
 a revolving loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (Keltic)
 providing for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a revolving facility of up to $5
000

 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment to Keltic Facility to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $5
000
000 to $7
000

 the Company and CB-USA entered into a Second Amendment to Keltic Facility (as amended
 the Loan Agreement) to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $7
000
000 to $8
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms
 the Keltic Facility expires on December 31

 provided that the Borrower has a sufficient borrowing base. The borrowing base equals (a) up to 85% of the aggregate amount of the Borrower&amp;#8217;s Eligible Receivables (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 plus (b) the least of (i) 50% of the Value (as defined in the Loan Agreement) of the Borrower&amp;#8217;s Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 (ii) $3
500
000 and (iii) 60% of the Borrowing Capacity (as defined in the Loan Agreement) at such time

 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.75%
 and (c) 6.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the revolving facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable revolving facility interest rate. In addition to a $40
000 commitment fee paid in connection with the First Amendment and $70
000 closing and commitment fee in connection with the Second Amendment
 Keltic will also receive an annual facility fee in an amount equal to 1% per annum of the maximum revolving facility amount and a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2

 among other things
 to provide Keltic with weekly borrowing base certificates
 monthly reports
 annual financial statements and other current and periodic financial
 operating and business records and reports

 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&amp;#8217;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens

 among others
 payment defaults
 violations of affirmative and negative covenants in the Loan Agreement
 imposition of certain liens
 and events of insolvency and bankruptcy. Upon a Default or Event of Default
 Keltic may terminate or suspend its obligation to make further advances and upon an Event of Default Keltic may
 among other things

 2013
 the Company&amp;#160;was in compliance
 in all material respects
 with the covenants under the Keltic Facility.&amp;#160;At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $6
501
321 and $3
849
831
 respectively

 in connection with the Second Amendment to the Keltic Facility
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
500
000 (the Term Loan) that was used for the purchase of bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with their respective terms
 the Term Loan matures on December 31

 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan. &lt;font style= &gt;After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Term Loan interest rate. The Borrower is required to pay down the principal balance of the Term Loan within 15 banking days from the completion of a bottling run of bourbon from the bourbon inventory stock purchased on or about the date of the Term Loan in an amount equal to the purchase price of such bourbon. The unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan
 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 all fees

000 of the Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s Chairman
 and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants will receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower is party to a fee letter (the Fee Letter) with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower is obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
000. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled $2
496
000 and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012



997


298

  

 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning Gosling&amp;#8217;s Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of Bermuda
 and Gosling&amp;#8217;s Stormy Ginger Beer

 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Reserve and Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Presidential Select
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions; Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; and Knappogue Castle 1951

 a premium Irish cream liqueur; Castello Mio
 a super premium Sambuca
 Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement
 Pallini Limoncello
 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs; pursuant to an exclusive global distribution agreement
 Travis Hasse&amp;#8217;s Original&amp;#174; Pie liqueurs
 and pursuant to a U.S. distribution agreement
 Gozio amaretto

 an ultra-pure
 five-times distilled and specially filtered premium vodka. Boru is produced in Ireland and has three flavor extensions (citrus

 super-premium tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
 which is available as blanco


 the FASB issued ASU 2011-05
 &lt;em&gt;Presentation of Comprehensive Income&lt;/em&gt; (ASU 2011-05)
 which revises the manner in which entities present comprehensive income in their financial statements. The new guidance amends ASC No.&amp;#160;220
 &lt;em&gt; Comprehensive Income
&lt;/em&gt; and gives reporting entities the option to present the total of comprehensive income
 the components of net income
 and the components of other comprehensive income in either a continuous statement of comprehensive income or two separate but consecutive statements. ASU 2011-05 does not change the items that must be reported in other comprehensive income. This new guidance was effective for the Company April 1
 2012 and is applied retrospectively. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2012-03
 &amp;#8220;Technical Amendments and Corrections to SEC Sections: Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 114
 Technical Amendments Pursuant to SEC Release No. 33-9250
 and Corrections Related to FASB Accounting Standards Update 2010-22 (SEC Update).&amp;#8221; This update amends various SEC paragraphs pursuant to the issuance of SAB No. 114. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2012-02
 &amp;#8220;Intangibles&amp;#151;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment.&amp;#8221; The amended guidance simplifies how entities test indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill for impairment.&amp;#160; After an assessment of certain qualitative factors
 if it is determined to be more likely than not that an indefinite-lived asset is impaired
 entities must perform the quantitative impairment test.&amp;#160; Otherwise
 the quantitative test is optional.&amp;#160; The amended guidance is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted.&amp;#160; The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2012-04
 &amp;#8220;Technical Corrections and Improvements.&amp;#8221; The amendments in this update cover a wide range of topics in the ASC. These amendments include technical corrections and improvements to the ASC and conforming amendments related to fair value measurements. The amendments in this update will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The adoption of this standard is not expected have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued amendments to the accounting guidance for presentation of comprehensive income to improve the reporting of reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income. The amendments do not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income
 but do require an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where the net income is presented or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under GAAP that provide additional detail about these amounts. For public companies
 these amendments are effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations


 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;

 no such provisions for accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions have been recorded as of March 31




 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments&amp;#8221;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&amp;#8217;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&amp;#8217;s debt



  
  

 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis

 &amp;#8220;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&amp;#8221;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results. Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates that most significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses and discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s net assets exceeds the unit&amp;#8217;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks

 2013 and 2012 by weighting a combination of the present value of the Company&amp;#8217;s discounted anticipated future operating cash flows and values based on market multiples of revenue and earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&amp;#8220;EBITDA&amp;#8221;) of comparable companies. Other than the write-downs of intangible and goodwill related to the wine brands discussed in Note 7
 the Company did not record any impairment on goodwill or other intangible assets for the years ended March 31


 bulk wine
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
 and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&amp;#8217;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage

 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $684
830 and $275
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with the disposition of wine brands
 label and packaging changes made to certain brands

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

000 per trading day and the Volume Weighted Average Price (as defined in the articles of designation of the Series A Preferred Stock) for at least 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day period exceeds $0.76 (subject to adjustment)



  
  
  
  

 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&amp;#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. The Company did not record an impairment on long-lived assets for the years ended March 31

 the Company determined to reduce its sales and marketing efforts on its wine brands
 which do not provide a material contribution to the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations. The Company made this decision to optimize its resources and focus on its faster growing and more profitable spirits brands
 and to reduce the levels of working capital required to maintain necessary inventory levels of bulk wine and finished goods. The Company intends to continue selling existing finished goods wine inventory through its current sales channels
 but is actively seeking buyers for large lots and for its bulk wine. In connection with this decision
 the Company recognized a loss of $1
715
728
 consisting of $817
156 on the write-down of net intangible assets and $898
572 in goodwill
 as well as $326
869 charged to the provision for obsolete inventory to adjust both bulk wine and finished goods to estimated net realizable value
 for the year ended March 31


 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 all fees

  

 plus (b) the least of (i) 50% of the &amp;#34;Value&amp;#34; (as defined in the Loan Agreement) of the Borrower&amp;#8217;s &amp;#34;Eligible Inventory&amp;#34; (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 (ii) $3
500
000 and (iii) 60% of the Borrowing Capacity (as defined in the Loan Agreement) at such time


 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&amp;#8220;CB-USA&amp;#8221;) and McLain &amp;amp; Kyne
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;McLain &amp;amp; Kyne&amp;#8221;)
 the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&amp;#8220;CB-IRL&amp;#8221;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&amp;#8217;s 60% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;GCP&amp;#8221;)


 marketing and sale of premium and super premium brands of rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka and tequila in the United States
 Canada
 Europe
 and Asia. Prior to March 31
 2012
 the vodka
 Irish whiskeys and certain liqueurs were procured by CB-IRL and billed in Euros to CB-USA
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss resting with CB-USA. Beginning April 1
 2012

  





 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)


 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts


 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&amp;#8217;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $1
171
290 and $885
837 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012




 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases


 &amp;#8220;Foreign Currency Matters&amp;#8221;
 the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are shown as a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations. Prior to March 31
 2012
 the Company&amp;#8217;s vodka
 Irish whiskeys and certain liqueurs were procured by CB-IRL and billed in Euros to CB-USA
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss resting with CB-USA. Beginning April 1
 2012
 CB-USA began purchasing these goods directly from the suppliers




 which is included in selling expense
 was $2
212
774 and $1
940
571for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012


 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation

  

 including both its own proprietary brands and those it distributes for others. The Company does not have long-term written agreements with all of its suppliers. Also
 if the Company fails to complete purchases of products ordered annually
 certain suppliers have the right to bill it for product not purchased during the period. Suppliers&amp;#8217; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
 delays in shipments of products from international suppliers or the loss of existing suppliers
 especially key suppliers
 could have material adverse effects on the Company&amp;#8217;s operating results. The inability to maintain






501

849

496

298

061

000 or $448
571 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&amp;#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&amp;#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &amp;#8364;69
761 or $89
407
 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012

 GCP issued a promissory note (the &amp;#8220;GCP Note&amp;#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580&lt;/font&gt; to Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to shareholders and affiliates. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $211

 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Keltic Facility
 a revolving loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (Keltic)
 providing for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a revolving facility of up to $5
000

 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment to Keltic Facility to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $5
000
000 to $7
000

 the Company and CB-USA entered into a Second Amendment to Keltic Facility (as amended
 the Loan Agreement) to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $7
000
000 to $8
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms
 the Keltic Facility expires on December 31

 provided that the Borrower has a sufficient borrowing base. The borrowing base equals (a) up to 85% of the aggregate amount of the Borrower&amp;#8217;s Eligible Receivables (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 plus (b) the least of (i) 50% of the Value (as defined in the Loan Agreement) of the Borrower&amp;#8217;s Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 (ii) $3
500
000 and (iii) 60% of the Borrowing Capacity (as defined in the Loan Agreement) at such time

 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.75%
 and (c) 6.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the revolving facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable revolving facility interest rate. In addition to a $40
000 commitment fee paid in connection with the First Amendment and $70
000 closing and commitment fee in connection with the Second Amendment
 Keltic will also receive an annual facility fee in an amount equal to 1% per annum of the maximum revolving facility amount and a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2

 among other things
 to provide Keltic with weekly borrowing base certificates
 monthly reports
 annual financial statements and other current and periodic financial
 operating and business records and reports

 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&amp;#8217;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens

 among others
 payment defaults
 violations of affirmative and negative covenants in the Loan Agreement
 imposition of certain liens
 and events of insolvency and bankruptcy. Upon a Default or Event of Default
 Keltic may terminate or suspend its obligation to make further advances and upon an Event of Default Keltic may
 among other things

 2013
 the Company&amp;#160;was in compliance
 in all material respects
 with the covenants under the Keltic Facility.&amp;#160;At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $6
501
321 and $3
849
831
 respectively

 in connection with the Second Amendment to the Keltic Facility
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
500
000 (the Term Loan) that was used for the purchase of bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with their respective terms
 the Term Loan matures on December 31

 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan. &lt;font style= &gt;After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Term Loan interest rate. The Borrower is required to pay down the principal balance of the Term Loan within 15 banking days from the completion of a bottling run of bourbon from the bourbon inventory stock purchased on or about the date of the Term Loan in an amount equal to the purchase price of such bourbon. The unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan
 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 all fees

000 of the Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s Chairman
 and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants will receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower is party to a fee letter (the Fee Letter) with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower is obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
000. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled $2
496
000 and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012




 net and Cost of sales include excise taxes of $5
964
374 and $5
460
754 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012









    








    





000 or $448
571 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &#8364;69
761 or $89
407
 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012




 GCP issued a promissory note (the &#8220;GCP Note&#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling&#39;s Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to shareholders and affiliates. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $211




 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Keltic Facility
 a revolving loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (Keltic)
 providing for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a revolving facility of up to $5
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital. The Company and CB-USA are referred to individually and collectively as the Borrower. In July 2012
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment to Keltic Facility to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $5
000
000 to $7
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital.In March 2013
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a Second Amendment to Keltic Facility (as amended
 the Loan Agreement) to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $7
000
000 to $8
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms
 the Keltic Facility expires on December 31
 2016.The Borrower may borrow up to the maximum amount of the revolving facility
 provided that the Borrower has a sufficient borrowing base. The borrowing base equals (a) up to 85% of the aggregate amount of the Borrower&#8217;s Eligible Receivables (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 plus (b) the least of (i) 50% of the Value (as defined in the Loan Agreement) of the Borrower&#8217;s Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 (ii) $3
500
000 and (iii) 60% of the Borrowing Capacity (as defined in the Loan Agreement) at such time
 less (c) the aggregate amount of all Reserves (as defined in the Loan Agreement) in effect at such time.The revolving facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.75%
 and (c) 6.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the revolving facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable revolving facility interest rate. In addition to a $40
000 commitment fee paid in connection with the First Amendment and $70
000 closing and commitment fee in connection with the Second Amendment
 Keltic will also receive an annual facility fee in an amount equal to 1% per annum of the maximum revolving facility amount and a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default).The Loan Agreement contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Borrower is required
 among other things
 to provide Keltic with weekly borrowing base certificates
 monthly reports
 annual financial statements and other current and periodic financial
 operating and business records and reports
 as well as tax returns and such other information as Keltic may from time to time request.The Loan Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&#8217;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens
 and make distributions or cash dividends.The Loan Agreement specifies certain Events of Default that include
 among others
 payment defaults
 violations of affirmative and negative covenants in the Loan Agreement
 imposition of certain liens
 and events of insolvency and bankruptcy. Upon a Default or Event of Default
 Keltic may terminate or suspend its obligation to make further advances and upon an Event of Default Keltic may
 among other things
 accelerate the facility repayment and declare all obligations under the Loan Agreement to be immediately due and payable.The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement are secured by the grant of a pledge and security interest over all of the assets of the Borrower.At March 31
 2013
 the Company was in compliance
 in all material respects
 with the covenants under the Keltic Facility. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $6
501
321 and $3
849
831
 respectively




 in connection with the Second Amendment to the Keltic Facility
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
500
000 (the Term Loan) that was used for the purchase of bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with their respective terms
 the Term Loan matures on December 31
 2016. The Term Loan interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Term Loan interest rate. The Borrower is required to pay down the principal balance of the Term Loan within 15 banking days from the completion of a bottling run of bourbon from the bourbon inventory stock purchased on or about the date of the Term Loan in an amount equal to the purchase price of such bourbon. The unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan
 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 all fees
 costs and expenses payable in connection with the Term Loan are due and payable in full on the Maturity Date.Keltic required as a condition to funding the Term Loan that Keltic had entered into a participation agreement (the Participation Agreement) providing for an aggregate of $750
000 of the Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s Chairman
 and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants will receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower is party to a fee letter (the Fee Letter) with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower is obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
000. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled $2
496
000 and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012




























        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    










    


    
    




    
    
    



 Net


692 and $411
272





    







660 and $290
316

    




    




    



 Plant and Equipment

    
    


    


    





404
000 and $4
906
061





    
    
    
    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    






    




    




    




    

000 of related party participation at March 31

    




    




    
    






    


    
    


    
    




    



 Value


 $.01 par value
 25
000
000 shares authorized
 6
701 and 6
897 shares of series A convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively (liquidation value of $7
876
530 and $7
327
262 at March 31
 2013 and 2012




 Value


 $.01 par value
 225
000
000 shares authorized
 108
773
034 and 108
052
067 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013 and 2012





    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    






























    















 Shares






 Shares





    



 Goods



    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    








    
    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    





 basic and diluted






 basic and diluted



    


    
    


    



 Net Of Tax

    



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment

    



 Net Of Tax

    



 Net Of Tax

    


    


    




    
    



 Value






 Shares






 Value






 Shares





    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    

 stock




 Share-Based Compensation

    


    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant

    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    












    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


















    


    
    


    


    
    
    






    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    












    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    
    

































 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment





















    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
































    
    
    




    


    
    








    
    














    
    


    


    
    
    






    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    



 Stock Options


 Stock Options



    
    


    
    



 Stock Options


 Stock Options



    
    
    


    
    












    
    


    
    




    
    


    






    


    


    


    


    




    



 Raw Materials

    



 Finished Goods

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    








    






    
    







 based on the financial performance of the asset acquired



    
    
    




    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    


    
    


    
    






    


    
    

 often within specific geographical areas or supply channels
 for a specified period of time



    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    










    


    
    


    






    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    



 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    


    
    

 excluding financial assets and goodwill



    


    










    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    









 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    
    


    






    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    

































 Debt Default


 Debt Default














 Borrowing Capacity


 Borrowing Capacity









    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    



Officers











    


    


    


    
    
    


    



 Dividend Rate


 Dividend Rate




 Preferred Stock


 Preferred Stock









    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Original Debt


 Original Debt



    
    
    














    




    


    
    
    




    










    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    


    
    
    



 Operating Loss Carryforwards

    



 Operating Loss Carryforwards

    



 Tax Credit Carryforwards

    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    


    


    


    














    
    














    
    
    



 Deferred Tax Asset


 Deferred Tax Asset




 Options
 Outstanding






 Shares




 Options
 Grants In Period






 Options






 Options






 Options
 Exercisable








 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Grants In Period






 Options
 Exercises In Period






 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations In Period






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Grants In Period





    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Shares Authorized Under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized Under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercisable

    



 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Nonvested








 Equity Instruments Other Than Options






 Equity Instruments Other Than Options






 Equity Instruments Other Than Options






 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Nonvested








 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Grants In Period






 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Forfeitures






 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Vested In Period





    


    


    


    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    







 Measurements




 Inputs



    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs




 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs



    


    






    


    


    










    


    


    



 Nonvested Awards


 Nonvested Awards



    





 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not Yet Recognized

    








    


    








    
    


    

 Options
 Outstanding


 in &#39;PnYnMnDTnHnMnS&#39; format
 for example
 &#39;P1Y5M13D&#39; represents the reported fact of one year
 five months




 Options
 Exercisable


 Options
 Exercisable



    
    
    








    
    
    








    
    
    



 Fair Value


 Fair Value



    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    














    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Future Minimum Payments Due






 Future Minimum Payments Due

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    




    


    


    


    


    


    







 2014 To January 31



    






    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    














    
    
    



 Income Statement


 Income Statement



    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    



 Goods



    


    


    


    
    












    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Goods

    






    


    
    


    
    




    
    










    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4K
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591552-111686
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4J
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591551-111686
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 A5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733093&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


The other noncash expense
 not otherwise specified in the taxonomy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7
9)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts (CON)
 -Number 6
 -Paragraph 82
 83
 87
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of the current period expense charged against operations
 the offset which is generally to the allowance for doubtful accounts for the purpose of reducing receivables
 including notes receivable
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.5)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 5
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.8)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 8
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 8
 -Article 9


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section I
 -Subsection 7
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 289
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510177
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 9
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=16385135&amp;loc=d3e33749-111570
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.12)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 11
 -Article 7

The aggregate unrealized foreign currency transaction gain (loss) (pretax) included in determining net income for the reporting period. Represents the aggregate of gains (losses) on transactions that are unsettled as of the balance sheet date
 which is therefore an adjustment to reconcile income (loss) from continuing operations to net cash provided by or used in continuing operations. Excludes foreign currency transactions designated as hedges of net investment in a foreign entity and intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term nature
 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting entity's financial statements. For certain entities
 primarily banks
 that are dealers in foreign exchange
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450189&amp;loc=d3e30690-110894
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450222&amp;loc=d3e30840-110895
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450189&amp;loc=d3e30700-110894
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 52
 -Paragraph 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

This element represents that
 the amount of reversal of provision for obsolete inventory.
Changes in operations
 assets and liabilities:
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in current receivables (due within one year or one operating cycle) to be collected from an entity that is controlling
 under the control of
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amount of outstanding money paid in advance for goods or services that bring economic benefits for future periods and supplies. Also includes
 The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other current operating assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows.
The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other assets used in operating activities not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows. May include changes in other current assets
 other noncurrent assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in interest payable
 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of obligations to be paid to the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries; subsidiaries of a common parent; an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The sum of adjustments which are added to or deducted from net income or loss
 including the portion attributable to noncontrolling interest
 to reflect cash provided by or used in operating activities
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The net cash from (used in) all of the entity's operating activities
 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 25
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585


The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Investing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6516133
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3213-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 17
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Investing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6516133
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3213-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 17
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3179-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Investing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6516133
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 15
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3213-108585


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 26
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3574-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3255-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4313-108586
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4304-108586
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 32
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4332-108586

The cash inflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3255-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The net cash inflow or cash outflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph c
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3098-108585

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


The cash inflow from issuance of preferred stocks identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3255-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 26
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3574-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 230
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450594&amp;loc=d3e33268-110906
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506951
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash Equivalents
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6507016
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 7
 -Footnote 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3044-108585
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 7
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506951
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash Equivalents
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6507016
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 7
 -Footnote 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3044-108585
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 7
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4297-108586
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 25
 -Subparagraph (e)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585














The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4K
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591552-111686
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4J
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591551-111686
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 A5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733093&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Net of tax and reclassification adjustments of the change in the balance sheet adjustment that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency of the reporting entity. Also includes the following: gain (loss) on foreign currency forward exchange contracts; foreign currency transactions designated as hedges of net investment in a foreign entity and intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term nature
 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6915805&amp;loc=d3e32211-110900

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(3)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569643-111683
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (c)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733093&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684

The change in equity [net assets] of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to the reporting entity. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=16317811
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e557-108580
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(3)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A5
 -Appendix A





























Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6451184&amp;loc=d3e28551-108399
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate At Period End
Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(2))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.24)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 24
 -Article 5
Other Accrued Liabilities
 Noncurrent
Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Notes Payable
 Noncurrent
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 22
 -Article 5
Line Of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity
The facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.75%
Description of the interest rate for the amounts borrowed under the credit facility
 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 22
 -Article 5
Line Of Credit Facility
 Interest Rate Description
After the occurrence and during the continuance of any &amp;#34;Default&amp;#34; or &amp;#34;Event of Default&amp;#34; (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Term Loan interest rate. The Borrower is required to pay down the principal balance of the Term Loan within 15 banking days from the completion of a bottling run of bourbon from the bourbon inventory stock purchased on or about the date of the Term Loan in an amount equal to the purchase price of such bourbon. The unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan
 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 all fees
Discussion of the facts and amounts pertaining to each failure to comply with an affirmative or negative covenant of a long-term debt instrument
 including violating payment terms or an inability to meet certain minimum financial requirements or achieve or maintain certain financial ratios. The discussion would generally be expected to also include whether or not the failure can and will be overcome and a description of the terms of any waivers
 including the amount of the waiver and the period of time covered by the waiver
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=SL6230698-112601
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(c))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph c
 -Article 4
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Debt Instrument
 Debt Default
 Description Of Violation Or Event Of Default
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 22
 -Article 5
Line Of Credit Facility
 Commitment Fee Amount
The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the noncurrent portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Line-of-Credit Arrangement
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6517033
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6743817&amp;loc=d3e1314-112600
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6743817&amp;loc=d3e1336-112600
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 6
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Long-Term Line Of Credit
 Noncurrent
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6451184&amp;loc=d3e28551-108399
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate During Period
The borrowing base equals (a) up to 85% of the aggregate amount of the Borrower&amp;#8217;s &amp;#34;Eligible Receivables&amp;#34; (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 plus (b) the least of (i) 50% of the &amp;#34;Value&amp;#34; (as defined in the Loan Agreement) of the Borrower&amp;#8217;s &amp;#34;Eligible Inventory&amp;#34; (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 (ii) $3
500
000 and (iii) 60% of the Borrowing Capacity (as defined in the Loan Agreement) at such time
Description of the credit facility's borrowing capacity including discussion of how the borrowing capacity is determined (for example
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 22
 -Article 5
Line Of Credit Facility
 Borrowing Capacity
 Description
The Loan Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower's ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 22
 -Article 5
Line Of Credit Facility
 Covenant Compliance
annual facility fee in an amount equal to 1% per annum of the maximum facility amount and a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default).
The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Line-of-Credit Arrangement
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6517033
Line Of Credit
 Current
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 22
 -Article 5
Line Of Credit Facility
 Interest Rate During Period



The Term Loan interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan.












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had &#8364;352
255 or $451
346 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) and &#8364;351
089 or $468
275 (translated at the March 31
 2012 exchange rate)
 respectively
 of cash restricted from withdrawal and held by a bank in Ireland as collateral for overdraft coverage
 creditors&#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty and a revolving credit facility.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2009

          



 2013



          



 2011



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2013





          



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate At Period End
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date
        
        
        

				01
				 2020
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other Accrued Liabilities
 Noncurrent
        
        
        

579

579
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Notes Payable
 Noncurrent

580
        

580

580

580
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line Of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000

571

000
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        


Line Of Credit Facility
 Interest Rate Description
        
        
        
        
        
        

 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.75%
 and (c) 6.50%.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Debt Default
 Description Of Violation Or Event Of Default
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 all fees
 costs and expenses payable in connection with the Term Loan are due and payable in full on the Maturity Date.
        
        
        


Line Of Credit Facility
 Commitment Fee Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        


Long-Term Line Of Credit
 Noncurrent

501
321
        

849
831
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

501
321

849
831
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate During Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line Of Credit Facility
 Borrowing Capacity
 Description
        
        
        
        
        
        

 plus (b) the least of (i) 50% of the &#34;Value&#34; (as defined in the Loan Agreement) of the Borrower&#8217;s &#34;Eligible Inventory&#34; (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 (ii) $3
500
000 and (iii) 60% of the Borrowing Capacity (as defined in the Loan Agreement) at such time
 less (c) the aggregate amount of all Reserves (as defined in the Loan Agreement) in effect at such time.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line Of Credit Facility
 Covenant Compliance
        
        
        
        
        
        

 among other things
 restrict the Borrower's ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens
 and make distributions or cash dividends.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default).
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line Of Credit
 Current

407

761
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line Of Credit Facility
 Interest Rate During Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

496
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

000

000

500
000
        
        

000


        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan.
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including violating payment terms or an inability to meet certain minimum financial requirements or achieve or maintain certain financial ratios. The discussion would generally be expected to also include whether or not the failure can and will be overcome and a description of the terms of any waivers
 including the amount of the waiver and the period of time covered by the waiver
 and if reclassification of long-term debt to current has been made in the current balance sheet.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 borrowing capacity based on the amount of current assets).
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
 remarketing provisions).
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shares
 Outstanding at end of period
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 d(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price


The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shares
 Outstanding at beginning of period
Shares
 Granted
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Shares
 Exercised
For presentations that combine terminations
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(3)-(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Shares
 Forfeited
The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shares
 Outstanding at end of period
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 d(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding at beginning of year
Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted
Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Excersiced
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(3)-(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding at end of period
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Weighted average fair value of grants during the period












    
  
      

          

        

      










Sales
 net

442
994
        

494
615
        


        

438
238
        

694
297
        


        

830
        

000
        


        

319
926
        

525
318
        


        

265
108
        

502
478
        


        

850
648
        

985
566
        


        

305
        

361
        


        

715
728
        
        
        


        

431
863)
        

877
087)
        


        

549)
        

923)
        


        

431)
        

253)
        


Interest expense
 net

308)
        

781)
        


        

734
        

767
        


        

152
        

152
        


        

838
265)
        

960
125)
        


        

492)
        

200)
        


        

448
757)
        

232
325)
        


        

468)
        

830)
        


        

193
225)
        

947
155)
        


Net loss per common share
 basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        


Weighted average shares used in computation
 basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders (in shares)

508
652
        

635
565
        

      
        

      



              

 net and Cost of sales include excise taxes of $5
964
374 and $5
460
754 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount of reversal of provision for obsolete inventory.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 stock
 and paid-in-kind dividends declared for preferred shareholders during the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements. For certain enterprises
 primarily banks
 that are dealers in foreign exchange
 foreign currency transaction gains (losses) may be disclosed as dealer gains (losses).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other than goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not otherwise specified in the taxonomy
 charged against earnings in the period to allocate the cost of tangible and intangible assets over their remaining economic lives.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation Of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure and Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]
&#151; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Castle Brands Inc. (&#8220;the Company&#8221;)
 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&#8220;CB-USA&#8221;) and McLain &amp; Kyne
 Ltd. (&#8220;McLain &amp; Kyne&#8221;)
 the Company&#8217;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&#8220;CB-IRL&#8221;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&#8217;s 60% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners
 Inc. (&#8220;GCP&#8221;)
 &#151; The Company is principally engaged in the importation
 marketing and sale of premium and super premium brands of rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka and tequila in the United States
 Canada
 Europe
 and Asia. Prior to March 31
 2012
 the vodka
 Irish whiskeys and certain liqueurs were procured by CB-IRL and billed in Euros to CB-USA
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss resting with CB-USA. Beginning April 1
 2012
 &#151; Gosling&#8217;s rums
 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning Gosling&#8217;s Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of Bermuda
 and Gosling&#8217;s Stormy Ginger Beer
 &#151; three premium small batch bourbons: Jefferson&#8217;s
 Jefferson&#8217;s Reserve and Jefferson&#8217;s Presidential Select
 Jefferson&#8217;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions; Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; and Knappogue Castle 1951
 &#151; Brady&#8217;s Irish Cream
 a premium Irish cream liqueur; Castello Mio
 a super premium Sambuca
 Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement
 Pallini Limoncello
 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs; pursuant to an exclusive global distribution agreement
 Travis Hasse&#8217;s Original&#174; Pie liqueurs
 and pursuant to a U.S. distribution agreement
 Gozio amaretto
 &#151; Boru vodka
 an ultra-pure
 five-times distilled and specially filtered premium vodka. Boru is produced in Ireland and has three flavor extensions (citrus
 &#151; a USDA certified organic
 super-premium tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
 which is available as blanco
 - Equity investments are carried at original cost adjusted for the Company&#8217;s proportionate share of the investees&#8217; income
 &#151; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect anticipated losses on the trade accounts receivable balances. The Company calculates this allowance based on its history of write-offs
 &#151; Revenue from product sales is recognized when the product is shipped to a customer (generally a distributor)
 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)
 &#151; Inventories are comprised of distilled spirits
 bulk wine
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
 and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&#8217;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
During the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $684
830 and $275
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with the disposition of wine brands
 label and packaging changes made to certain brands
 &#151; Equipment consists of office equipment
 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts
 &#151; Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price including related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis
 Under Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 350
 &#8220;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&#8221;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results. Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates that most significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses and discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&#8217;s net assets exceeds the unit&#8217;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks
 The fair value of each reporting unit was determined at March 31
 2013 and 2012 by weighting a combination of the present value of the Company&#8217;s discounted anticipated future operating cash flows and values based on market multiples of revenue and earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&#8220;EBITDA&#8221;) of comparable companies. Other than the write-downs of intangible and goodwill related to the wine brands discussed in Note 7
 the Company did not record any impairment on goodwill or other intangible assets for the years ended March 31
 &#151; Under&#160;ASC&#160;310
 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. The Company did not record an impairment on long-lived assets for the years ended March 31
 In March 2013
 the Company determined to reduce its sales and marketing efforts on its wine brands
 which do not provide a material contribution to the Company&#8217;s results of operations. The Company made this decision to optimize its resources and focus on its faster growing and more profitable spirits brands
 and to reduce the levels of working capital required to maintain necessary inventory levels of bulk wine and finished goods. The Company intends to continue selling existing finished goods wine inventory through its current sales channels
 but is actively seeking buyers for large lots and for its bulk wine. In connection with this decision
 the Company recognized a loss of $1
715
728
 consisting of $817
156 on the write-down of net intangible assets and $898
572 in goodwill
 as well as $326
869 charged to the provision for obsolete inventory to adjust both bulk wine and finished goods to estimated net realizable value
 for the year ended March 31
 &#151; The Company reflects as inventory costs freight-in and related external handling charges relating to the purchase of raw materials and finished goods. These costs are charged to cost of sales at the time the underlying product is sold. The Company also incurs shipping costs in connection with its various marketing activities
 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&#8217;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $1
171
290 and $885
837 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 &#151; Excise taxes and duty are computed at standard rates based on alcohol proof per gallon/liter and are paid after finished goods are imported into the United States and then transferred out of &#8220;bond.&#8221; Excise taxes and duty are recorded to inventory as a component of the cost of the underlying finished goods. When the underlying products are sold &#8220;ex warehouse&#8221;
 &#151; The Company incurs charges from its distributors for a variety of transactions and services rendered by the distributor
 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases
 &#151; The functional currency for the Company&#8217;s foreign operations is the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom. Under ASC 830
 &#8220;Foreign Currency Matters&#8221;
 the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are shown as a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations. Prior to March 31
 2012
 the Company&#8217;s vodka
 Irish whiskeys and certain liqueurs were procured by CB-IRL and billed in Euros to CB-USA
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss resting with CB-USA. Beginning April 1
 2012
 CB-USA began purchasing these goods directly from the suppliers
 &#151; ASC 825
 &#8220;Financial Instruments&#8221;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&#8217;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&#8217;s debt
 &#160;The Company&#8217;s investments are reported at fair value in accordance with authoritative guidance
Level 2 &#151; inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 &#151; Under ASC 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221;
The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC 740 and has recognized no adjustment for uncertain tax provisions. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in general and administrative expense; however
 no such provisions for accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions have been recorded as of March 31
 &#151; The costs of research
 &#151; Advertising costs are expensed when the advertising first appears in its respective medium. Advertising expense
 which is included in selling expense
 was $2
212
774 and $1
940
571for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 &#151; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
 &#151; The Company depends on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the sourcing of all of its products
 including both its own proprietary brands and those it distributes for others. The Company does not have long-term written agreements with all of its suppliers. Also
 if the Company fails to complete purchases of products ordered annually
 certain suppliers have the right to bill it for product not purchased during the period. Suppliers&#8217; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
 delays in shipments of products from international suppliers or the loss of existing suppliers
 especially key suppliers
 could have material adverse effects on the Company&#8217;s operating results. The inability to maintain
&#151; In July 2012
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2012-02
 &#8220;Intangibles&#151;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment.&#8221; The amended guidance simplifies how entities test indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill for impairment.&#160; After an assessment of certain qualitative factors
 if it is determined to be more likely than not that an indefinite-lived asset is impaired
 entities must perform the quantitative impairment test.&#160; Otherwise
 the quantitative test is optional.&#160; The amended guidance is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted.&#160; The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 In October 2012
 the FASB issued ASU 2012-04
 &#8220;Technical Corrections and Improvements.&#8221; The amendments in this update cover a wide range of topics in the ASC. These amendments include technical corrections and improvements to the ASC and conforming amendments related to fair value measurements. The amendments in this update will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The adoption of this standard is not expected have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 In February 2013
 the FASB issued amendments to the accounting guidance for presentation of comprehensive income to improve the reporting of reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income. The amendments do not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income
 but do require an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where the net income is presented or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under GAAP that provide additional detail about these amounts. For public companies
 these amendments are effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 &#151; In June&#160;2011
 the FASB issued ASU 2011-05
 (ASU 2011-05)
 which revises the manner in which entities present comprehensive income in their financial statements. The new guidance amends ASC No.&#160;220
 

 the components of net income
 and the components of other comprehensive income in either a continuous statement of comprehensive income or two separate but consecutive statements. ASU 2011-05 does not change the items that must be reported in other comprehensive income. This new guidance was effective for the Company April 1
 2012 and is applied retrospectively. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 In August 2012
 the FASB issued ASU 2012-03
 &#8220;Technical Amendments and Corrections to SEC Sections: Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 114
 Technical Amendments Pursuant to SEC Release No. 33-9250
 and Corrections Related to FASB Accounting Standards Update 2010-22 (SEC Update).&#8221; This update amends various SEC paragraphs pursuant to the issuance of SAB No. 114. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure
 and significant accounting policies of the reporting entity. May be provided in more than one note to the financial statements
 as long as users are provided with an understanding of (1) the significant judgments and assumptions made by an enterprise in determining whether it must consolidate a VIE and/or disclose information about its involvement with a VIE
 (2) the nature of restrictions on a consolidated VIE's assets reported by an enterprise in its statement of financial position
 including the carrying amounts of such assets
 (3) the nature of
 and changes in
 the risks associated with an enterprise's involvement with the VIE
 and (4) how an enterprise's involvement with the VIE affects the enterprise's financial position
 financial performance
 and cash flows.  Describes procedure if disclosures are provided in more than one note to the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company has entered into a supply agreement with Irish Distillers Limited (&#8220;IDL&#8221;)
 which provides for the production of blended Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least six years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount&#160;of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next four fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 90% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June&#160;30
 2013
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &#8364;649
073 or $831
871 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &#8364;594
517
 or $761
951
 had been purchased as of March 31
 2013. The Company is not obligated to pay IDL for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement
 The Company has also entered into a supply agreement with IDL
 which provides for the production of single malt Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least thirteen years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount&#160;of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next twelve fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 80% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June&#160;30
 2013
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &#8364;211
860 or $271
526 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &#8364;174
264
 or $223
343
 had been purchased as of March 31
 2013. The Company is not obligated to pay IDL for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement
The Company has a distribution agreement with Gaelic Heritage Corporation
 Ltd.
 an international supplier
 to be the sole-producer of Celtic Honey
 one of the Company&#8217;s products
The Company leases office space in New York
 NY
 Dublin
 Ireland and Houston
 TX. The New York
 NY lease began on May 1
 2010 and expires on April 30
 2014 and provides for monthly payments of $18
693. The Dublin lease commenced on March 1
 2009 and extends through November 30
 2013 and provides for monthly payments of &#8364;1
250 or $1
602 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate). The Houston
 TX lease commenced on February 24
 2000 and extends through January 31
 2015 and provides for monthly payments of $1
 Years&#160;ending&#160;March&#160;31
 257
 37
 294
 In addition to the above annual rental payments
 the Company is obligated to pay its pro-rata share of utility and maintenance expenses on the leased premises. Rent expense under operating leases amounted to approximately $325
082 and $323
201 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
Under the amended terms of the agreement under which the Company purchased McLain &amp; Kyne
 the Company was obligated to pay an earn-out to the sellers based on the financial performance of the acquired business. The aggregate amount of such earn-out payments
 which was not to exceed $4
000
000
 was determined by calculations as defined in the agreement
 as amended
 through March&#160;31
 2011. The Company is also required to pay an earn-out based on the case sales of the Jefferson&#8217;s Presidential Select for a specified amount of cases. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the sellers earned $145
800 and $117
048
 respectively
As described in Note 9C
 in August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Keltic Facility
 as amended in July 2012 and March 2013.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=23% colspan=5&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; March&amp;#160;31

191

107

540

625

731

732
Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 2
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
 -Article 5
Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block]












    
  
      

          

        

      


 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013


 Tx [Member]

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013





          



 2013





          



 2013





          



 2013





          



Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

871

073

526

860


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

951

517

343

264


Operating Leases
 Income Statement
 Contingent Revenue
        
        
        

693

602

250

820
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

				 2014

				 2013

				 2013

				 2015
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

				 2013

				 2013

				 2013

				 2013


Operating Leases
 Rent Expense

082

201
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

800

048
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 cost of goods sold or other operating costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 based on the occurrences of an event or condition.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















Cash
 Uninsured Amount

Sales Revenue
 Goods
Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member]
For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7491637&amp;loc=d3e13537-108611
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6404-108592
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7491637&amp;loc=d3e13531-108611
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 18
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6351-108592
Concentration Risk
 Percentage

Sales Revenue
 Goods
Customer Concentration Risk [Member] | Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net [Member] | Customer One [Member]
For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7491637&amp;loc=d3e13537-108611
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6404-108592
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7491637&amp;loc=d3e13531-108611
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 18
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6351-108592
Concentration Risk
 Percentage


For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7491637&amp;loc=d3e13537-108611
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6404-108592
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7491637&amp;loc=d3e13531-108611
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 18
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6351-108592
Concentration Risk
 Percentage












    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000

000


        

000

000


        

000

000


        

967
000

854
000


        

463
000

306
000


        

623
000

012
000


        

957
000

916
000


        

000

000


        

400
000

397
000


        

400
000)

397
000)


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

444)

444)


        

037
012)

185
164)


        

666
456)

814
608)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Long-Term Debt
 Unclassified [Abstract]
        


        
 March&#160;31
 89
 211
 211
 6
501
 3
849
 2
496
 9
298
 4
061
 The Company has arranged various facilities aggregating &#8364;350
000 or $448
571 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &#8364;69
761 or $89
407
 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012
In December&#160;2009
 GCP issued a promissory note (the &#8220;GCP Note&#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211

 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to shareholders and affiliates. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $211
In August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Keltic Facility
 a revolving loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (Keltic)
 providing for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a revolving facility of up to $5
000
 In July 2012
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment to Keltic Facility to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $5
000
000 to $7
000
 In March 2013
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a Second Amendment to Keltic Facility (as amended
 the Loan Agreement) to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $7
000
000 to $8
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms
 the Keltic Facility expires on December 31
 The Borrower may borrow up to the maximum amount of the revolving facility
 provided that the Borrower has a sufficient borrowing base. The borrowing base equals (a) up to 85% of the aggregate amount of the Borrower&#8217;s Eligible Receivables (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 plus (b) the least of (i) 50% of the Value (as defined in the Loan Agreement) of the Borrower&#8217;s Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 (ii) $3
500
000 and (iii) 60% of the Borrowing Capacity (as defined in the Loan Agreement) at such time
 The revolving facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.75%
 and (c) 6.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the revolving facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable revolving facility interest rate. In addition to a $40
000 commitment fee paid in connection with the First Amendment and $70
000 closing and commitment fee in connection with the Second Amendment
 Keltic will also receive an annual facility fee in an amount equal to 1% per annum of the maximum revolving facility amount and a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
 The Loan Agreement contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Borrower is required
 among other things
 to provide Keltic with weekly borrowing base certificates
 monthly reports
 annual financial statements and other current and periodic financial
 operating and business records and reports
 The Loan Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&#8217;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens
 The Loan Agreement specifies certain Events of Default that include
 among others
 payment defaults
 violations of affirmative and negative covenants in the Loan Agreement
 imposition of certain liens
 and events of insolvency and bankruptcy. Upon a Default or Event of Default
 Keltic may terminate or suspend its obligation to make further advances and upon an Event of Default Keltic may
 among other things
 At March 31
 2013
 the Company&#160;was in compliance
 in all material respects
 with the covenants under the Keltic Facility.&#160;At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $6
501
321 and $3
849
831
 respectively
 In March 2013
 in connection with the Second Amendment to the Keltic Facility
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
500
000 (the Term Loan) that was used for the purchase of bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with their respective terms
 the Term Loan matures on December 31
 The Term Loan interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears

 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 all fees
 Keltic required as a condition to funding the Term Loan that Keltic had entered into a participation agreement (the Participation Agreement) providing for an aggregate of $750
000 of the Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s Chairman
 and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants will receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower is party to a fee letter (the Fee Letter) with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower is obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
000. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled $2
496
000 and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 Years&#160;ending&#160;March&#160;31
 89
 8
997
 211
 9
298
308




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; The following table summarizes activity pertaining to options outstanding and exercisable at March 31




031

160












120

248

Tabular disclosure of components of a stock option or other award plan under which equity-based compensation is awarded to employees
 typically comprised of the amount of unearned compensation (deferred compensation cost)
 compensation expense
 and changes in the quantity and fair value of the shares (or other type of equity) granted
 exercised
 forfeited
 and issued and outstanding pertaining to that plan.  Disclosure may also include nature and general terms of such arrangements that existed during the period and potential effects of those arrangements on shareholders
 effect of compensation cost arising from equity-based payment arrangements on the income statement
 method of estimating the fair value of the goods or services received
 or the fair value of the equity instruments granted
 during the period
 cash flow effects resulting from equity-based payment arrangements and
 for registrants that accelerate vesting of out of the money share options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 65
 A240
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; The following summarizes activity pertaining to the Company&amp;#8217;s unvested options for the years ended March 31


688

837




593

800


513


871
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;The fair value of options at grant date was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model utilizing the following weighted average assumptions:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=69%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=28% colspan=6&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; March&amp;#160;31
Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 27pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; The fair value of the warrants is a Level 3 fair value under the valuation hierarchy and was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model utilizing the following assumptions:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 27pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=69%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; March&amp;#160;31

&lt;br/&gt; 2012&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=69%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 0.36&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1.07&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=69%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Expected option life in years&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 3.25&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 4.25&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=69%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Expected stock price volatility&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;.40&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;.55&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=69%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; PADDING-RIGHT: 5px; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; 


 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 27pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; The following is a summary of the Company&amp;#8217;s outstanding warrants for the periods presented:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=71%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: right; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; Weighted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=71%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; Average&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=71%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; Exercise&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=71%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=12%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; Price&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=71%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; Warrants&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=13% colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; Per&amp;#160;Warrant&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ffffff; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=71%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31

926

754


 March 31

417

543

 March 31

874
Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Table Text Block]


 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160; &lt;u&gt;Stock Options&lt;/u&gt; &lt;font style=FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#151; A summary of the options outstanding under the 2003 Plan is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=43%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=55% colspan=11&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; Years&amp;#160;ended&amp;#160;March&amp;#160;31

330

570

800

837



120

330

248

736
Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Table Text Block]








 NET (Details Textual)


144 - Disclosure - EQUIPMENT
 NET (Details Textual)


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
EQUIPMENT
 NET (Details Textual) (USD $)













 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=23% colspan=5&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; March&amp;#160;31




501

849

496

298

061

000 or $448
571 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&amp;#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&amp;#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &amp;#8364;69
761 or $89
407
 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012

 GCP issued a promissory note (the &amp;#8220;GCP Note&amp;#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580&lt;/font&gt; to Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to shareholders and affiliates. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $211

 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Keltic Facility
 a revolving loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (Keltic)
 providing for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a revolving facility of up to $5
000

 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment to Keltic Facility to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $5
000
000 to $7
000

 the Company and CB-USA entered into a Second Amendment to Keltic Facility (as amended
 the Loan Agreement) to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $7
000
000 to $8
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms
 the Keltic Facility expires on December 31

 provided that the Borrower has a sufficient borrowing base. The borrowing base equals (a) up to 85% of the aggregate amount of the Borrower&amp;#8217;s Eligible Receivables (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 plus (b) the least of (i) 50% of the Value (as defined in the Loan Agreement) of the Borrower&amp;#8217;s Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 (ii) $3
500
000 and (iii) 60% of the Borrowing Capacity (as defined in the Loan Agreement) at such time

 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.75%
 and (c) 6.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the revolving facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable revolving facility interest rate. In addition to a $40
000 commitment fee paid in connection with the First Amendment and $70
000 closing and commitment fee in connection with the Second Amendment
 Keltic will also receive an annual facility fee in an amount equal to 1% per annum of the maximum revolving facility amount and a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2

 among other things
 to provide Keltic with weekly borrowing base certificates
 monthly reports
 annual financial statements and other current and periodic financial
 operating and business records and reports

 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&amp;#8217;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens

 among others
 payment defaults
 violations of affirmative and negative covenants in the Loan Agreement
 imposition of certain liens
 and events of insolvency and bankruptcy. Upon a Default or Event of Default
 Keltic may terminate or suspend its obligation to make further advances and upon an Event of Default Keltic may
 among other things

 2013
 the Company&amp;#160;was in compliance
 in all material respects
 with the covenants under the Keltic Facility.&amp;#160;At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $6
501
321 and $3
849
831
 respectively

 in connection with the Second Amendment to the Keltic Facility
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
500
000 (the Term Loan) that was used for the purchase of bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with their respective terms
 the Term Loan matures on December 31

 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan. &lt;font style= &gt;After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Term Loan interest rate. The Borrower is required to pay down the principal balance of the Term Loan within 15 banking days from the completion of a bottling run of bourbon from the bourbon inventory stock purchased on or about the date of the Term Loan in an amount equal to the purchase price of such bourbon. The unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan
 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 all fees

000 of the Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s Chairman
 and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants will receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower is party to a fee letter (the Fee Letter) with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower is obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
000. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled $2
496
000 and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; 
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; Payments due on notes payable are as follows:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=87%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; Years&amp;#160;ending&amp;#160;March&amp;#160;31


997


298
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601














 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;NOTE 16 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt; CONCENTRATIONS&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;A.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents balances at various large financial institutions that
 at times
 may exceed federally and internationally insured limits. The Company exceeded the limits in effect by approximately $300
000&lt;/font&gt; at March 31
 2013
 and did not exceed the limits in effect as of March 31

 2013 (of which one customer accounted for 30.2%) and approximately 41.7% of accounts receivable at March 31
 2013. Sales to four customers accounted for approximately 46.2% of the Company&amp;#8217;s revenues for the year ended March 31
 2012 (of which one customer accounted for 30.2%) and approximately 40.9% of accounts receivable at March 31
The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 107
 -Paragraph 15A
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6404-108592
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6327-108592
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Statement of Position (SOP)
 -Number 94-6
 -Paragraph 21
 22
 24
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7491637&amp;loc=d3e13531-108611
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 18
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6351-108592
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 21
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7491637&amp;loc=d3e13537-108611
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 21
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6442-108592













    
  
      

          







Years ending March 31

        


        

697


        

236


        

433


        

433


        

433


        

185
232




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    
























Related Party Transaction
 Purchases from Related Party
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph k
 -Subparagraph 1
 -Article 4
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 57
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.17)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 17
 -Article 7
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 15
 -Subparagraph 3
 4
 -Article 9






Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 57
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Related Party Transaction
 Expenses from Transactions with Related Party


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 57
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Related Party Transaction
 Expenses from Transactions with Related Party


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 57
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Related Party Transaction
 Expenses from Transactions with Related Party


For an unclassified balance sheet
 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph k
 -Subparagraph 1
 -Article 4
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 57
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 3
 -Article 7
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN)
 -Number 46R
 -Paragraph 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.10(3))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878













    
  
      

          

        

      










Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Intangible Assets

222
222
        


        
        
        


        

152)

152)


Deferred Tax Assets
 Valuation Allowance

400
000

397
000


Valuation Allowance
 Deferred Tax Asset
 Change in Amount

003
000

250
000



          

        
        


Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Limitations on Use

100
000
        


Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Expiration Dates
        
        



          

        
        


        

700
000
        


Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes
 Foreign

182

328




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign and state and local operating loss carryforwards
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or the applicable range of such expiration dates.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

874
659

834
214



          

        
        


        

120
765

330
599



          

        
        


        

874
087

417
301



          

        
        


        

879
807

086
314




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
&#151; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Castle Brands Inc. (&#8220;the Company&#8221;)
 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&#8220;CB-USA&#8221;) and McLain &amp; Kyne
 Ltd. (&#8220;McLain &amp; Kyne&#8221;)
 the Company&#8217;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&#8220;CB-IRL&#8221;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&#8217;s 60% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners
 Inc. (&#8220;GCP&#8221;)
 with adjustments for income or loss allocated based upon percentage of ownership. The accounts of the subsidiaries have been included as of the date of acquisition. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.


        
 &#151; The Company is principally engaged in the importation
 marketing and sale of premium and super premium brands of rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka and tequila in the United States
 Canada
 Europe
 and Asia. Prior to March 31
 2012
 the vodka
 Irish whiskeys and certain liqueurs were procured by CB-IRL and billed in Euros to CB-USA
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss resting with CB-USA. Beginning April 1
 2012
 CB-USA began purchasing these goods directly from the suppliers.


        
 &#151; Gosling&#8217;s rums
 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning Gosling&#8217;s Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of Bermuda
 and Gosling&#8217;s Stormy Ginger Beer
 &#151; three premium small batch bourbons: Jefferson&#8217;s
 Jefferson&#8217;s Reserve and Jefferson&#8217;s Presidential Select
 Jefferson&#8217;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions; Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; and Knappogue Castle 1951
 &#151; Brady&#8217;s Irish Cream
 a premium Irish cream liqueur; Castello Mio
 a super premium Sambuca
 Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement
 Pallini Limoncello
 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs; pursuant to an exclusive global distribution agreement
 Travis Hasse&#8217;s Original&#174; Pie liqueurs
 and pursuant to a U.S. distribution agreement
 Gozio amaretto
 &#151; Boru vodka
 an ultra-pure
 five-times distilled and specially filtered premium vodka. Boru is produced in Ireland and has three flavor extensions (citrus
 &#151; a USDA certified organic
 super-premium tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
 which is available as blanco
 reposado and a&#241;ejo.


Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        


Equity Method Investments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 - Equity investments are carried at original cost adjusted for the Company&#8217;s proportionate share of the investees&#8217; income
 losses and distributions. The Company assesses the carrying value of its equity investments when an indicator of a loss in value is present and records a loss in value of the investment when the assessment indicates that an other-than-temporary decline in the investment exists. The Company classifies its equity earnings of non-consolidated affiliate equity investment as a component of net income or loss.


Trade and Other Accounts Receivable
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect anticipated losses on the trade accounts receivable balances. The Company calculates this allowance based on its history of write-offs
 level of past due accounts based on contractual terms of the receivables and its relationships with and economic status of its customers.


Revenue Recognition
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; Revenue from product sales is recognized when the product is shipped to a customer (generally a distributor)
 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)
 and collection is reasonably assured. Revenue is not recognized on shipments to control states in the United States until such time as product is sold through to the retail channel.


Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; Inventories are comprised of distilled spirits
 bulk wine
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
 and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&#8217;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
During the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $684
830 and $275
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with the disposition of wine brands
 label and packaging changes made to certain brands
 as well as wine spoilage and certain cost variances. The charges have been recorded as increases to Cost of Sales in the respective years.


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; Equipment consists of office equipment
 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the statement of operations. Equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets ranging from three to five years.


Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price including related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis
 Under Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 350
 &#8220;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&#8221;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results. Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates that most significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses and discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&#8217;s net assets exceeds the unit&#8217;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks
 The fair value of each reporting unit was determined at March 31
 2013 and 2012 by weighting a combination of the present value of the Company&#8217;s discounted anticipated future operating cash flows and values based on market multiples of revenue and earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&#8220;EBITDA&#8221;) of comparable companies. Other than the write-downs of intangible and goodwill related to the wine brands discussed in Note 7
 the Company did not record any impairment on goodwill or other intangible assets for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012.


Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; Under&#160;ASC&#160;310
 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. The Company did not record an impairment on long-lived assets for the years ended March 31
 In March 2013
 the Company determined to reduce its sales and marketing efforts on its wine brands
 which do not provide a material contribution to the Company&#8217;s results of operations. The Company made this decision to optimize its resources and focus on its faster growing and more profitable spirits brands
 and to reduce the levels of working capital required to maintain necessary inventory levels of bulk wine and finished goods. The Company intends to continue selling existing finished goods wine inventory through its current sales channels
 but is actively seeking buyers for large lots and for its bulk wine. In connection with this decision
 the Company recognized a loss of $1
715
728
 consisting of $817
156 on the write-down of net intangible assets and $898
572 in goodwill
 as well as $326
869 charged to the provision for obsolete inventory to adjust both bulk wine and finished goods to estimated net realizable value
 for the year ended March 31
 2013.


Shipping and Handling Cost
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; The Company reflects as inventory costs freight-in and related external handling charges relating to the purchase of raw materials and finished goods. These costs are charged to cost of sales at the time the underlying product is sold. The Company also incurs shipping costs in connection with its various marketing activities
 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&#8217;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $1
171
290 and $885
837 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


        
 &#151; Excise taxes and duty are computed at standard rates based on alcohol proof per gallon/liter and are paid after finished goods are imported into the United States and then transferred out of &#8220;bond.&#8221; Excise taxes and duty are recorded to inventory as a component of the cost of the underlying finished goods. When the underlying products are sold &#8220;ex warehouse&#8221;
 the sales price reflects the taxes paid and the inventoried excise taxes and duties are charged to cost of sales.


        
 &#151; The Company incurs charges from its distributors for a variety of transactions and services rendered by the distributor
 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases
 the cost of the promotional goods is charged to cost of sales and dollars off invoice are a reduction to revenue.


        
 &#151; The functional currency for the Company&#8217;s foreign operations is the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom. Under ASC 830
 &#8220;Foreign Currency Matters&#8221;
 the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are shown as a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations. Prior to March 31
 2012
 the Company&#8217;s vodka
 Irish whiskeys and certain liqueurs were procured by CB-IRL and billed in Euros to CB-USA
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss resting with CB-USA. Beginning April 1
 2012
 CB-USA began purchasing these goods directly from the suppliers
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss remaining with CB-USA.


Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; ASC 825
 &#8220;Financial Instruments&#8221;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&#8217;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&#8217;s debt
 &#160;The Company&#8217;s investments are reported at fair value in accordance with authoritative guidance
Level 2 &#151; inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.


Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; Under ASC 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221;
The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC 740 and has recognized no adjustment for uncertain tax provisions. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in general and administrative expense; however
 no such provisions for accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions have been recorded as of March 31
 2013.


Research and Development Expense
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; The costs of research
 development and product improvement are charged to expense as incurred and are included in selling expense.


Advertising Costs
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; Advertising costs are expensed when the advertising first appears in its respective medium. Advertising expense
 which is included in selling expense
 was $2
212
774 and $1
940
571for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


Use of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &#151; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
 amortization and expense accruals.


        
 &#151; The Company depends on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the sourcing of all of its products
 including both its own proprietary brands and those it distributes for others. The Company does not have long-term written agreements with all of its suppliers. Also
 if the Company fails to complete purchases of products ordered annually
 certain suppliers have the right to bill it for product not purchased during the period. Suppliers&#8217; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
 delays in shipments of products from international suppliers or the loss of existing suppliers
 especially key suppliers
 could have material adverse effects on the Company&#8217;s operating results. The inability to maintain
 renew on acceptable terms or find suitable alternatives to the Company&#8217;s contracts with suppliers could have a material adverse effect on its operating results.


        
&#151; In July 2012
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2012-02
 &#8220;Intangibles&#151;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment.&#8221; The amended guidance simplifies how entities test indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill for impairment.&#160; After an assessment of certain qualitative factors
 if it is determined to be more likely than not that an indefinite-lived asset is impaired
 entities must perform the quantitative impairment test.&#160; Otherwise
 the quantitative test is optional.&#160; The amended guidance is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted.&#160; The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 In October 2012
 the FASB issued ASU 2012-04
 &#8220;Technical Corrections and Improvements.&#8221; The amendments in this update cover a wide range of topics in the ASC. These amendments include technical corrections and improvements to the ASC and conforming amendments related to fair value measurements. The amendments in this update will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The adoption of this standard is not expected have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 In February 2013
 the FASB issued amendments to the accounting guidance for presentation of comprehensive income to improve the reporting of reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income. The amendments do not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income
 but do require an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where the net income is presented or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under GAAP that provide additional detail about these amounts. For public companies
 these amendments are effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.


        
 &#151; In June&#160;2011
 the FASB issued ASU 2011-05
 (ASU 2011-05)
 which revises the manner in which entities present comprehensive income in their financial statements. The new guidance amends ASC No.&#160;220
 

 the components of net income
 and the components of other comprehensive income in either a continuous statement of comprehensive income or two separate but consecutive statements. ASU 2011-05 does not change the items that must be reported in other comprehensive income. This new guidance was effective for the Company April 1
 2012 and is applied retrospectively. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 In August 2012
 the FASB issued ASU 2012-03
 &#8220;Technical Amendments and Corrections to SEC Sections: Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 114
 Technical Amendments Pursuant to SEC Release No. 33-9250
 and Corrections Related to FASB Accounting Standards Update 2010-22 (SEC Update).&#8221; This update amends various SEC paragraphs pursuant to the issuance of SAB No. 114. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.


Reclassification
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 corporate joint ventures
 noncontrolling interests in real estate ventures
 limited partnerships
 and limited liability companies. The accounting policy may include information such as: (1) initially recording an investment in the stock of an investee at cost; (2) adjusting the carrying amount of the investment to recognize the investor's share of the earnings or losses of the investee after the date of acquisition; and (3) adjustments to reflect the investor's share of changes in the investee's capital (dividends). This disclosure may also include a detailed description of the policy for determining the amount of equity method losses recognized after an investment has been reduced to zero as a result of previous losses
 reasons for not using the equity method when the investor company owns 20 percent or more of the voting stock of the investee's company (including identification of the significant investee)
 reasons for using the equity method when the ownership percentage is less than 20 percent
 and discussion of recognition of equity method losses when an investor's total investment in an investee includes
 in addition to an investment in common stock
 other investments such as preferred stock and loans to the investee. An entity also may describe how such investments are assessed for impairment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 10
 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
 -Paragraph 5
 7-20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7-18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 11-23
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7-15
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph i
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
 how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 The Company operates in one reportable segment &#151; the sale of premium beverage alcohol. The Company&#8217;s product categories are rum
 liqueur
&#160;whiskey
 vodka
 The consolidated financial statements include revenues and assets generated in or held in the U.S. and foreign countries. The following table sets forth the amounts and percentage of consolidated revenue
 consolidated results from operations
 consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders
 Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
 5
444
 4
370
 35
998
 31
124
 41
442
 35
494
 (26
 (170
 (4
405
 (3
706
 (4
431
 (3
877
 (145
 (964
 (5
302
 (4
267
 (5
448
 (5
232
 148
 148
 15
324
 12
811
 8
803
 8
772
 9
421
 6
510
 3
565
 3
729
 242
 286
 689
 901
 3
396
 2
482
 41
442
 35
494
 As&#160;of&#160;March&#160;31
 1
941
 2
430
 31
175
 28
924
 33
117
 31
354
777




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

























Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6969291&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 11
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 11
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6969291&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 43
 289
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6969291&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 43
 289
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6969291&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32559-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 43
 289
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Deferred Tax Asset
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510090

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 43-49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 17
 -Subparagraph e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318













    
  
      

          











        

000
        

000
        


        

947
        

947
        


        

271
555
        

271
555
        


        
        
        

000
        


        

959
        

395
        


        

000
        

000
        


        

480
        

480
        


Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Gross

096
941
        

729
377
        


        

404
000
        

906
061
        


        

692
941
        

823
316
        


        

112
972
        

478
972
        


Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill)

805
913
        

302
288
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            

 symbol or other device or style for a specified period of time.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 often within specific geographical areas or supply channels
 for a specified period of time
 including reasonably expected renewal periods.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or to acquire such rights.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 symbol or other device or style for a specified period of time.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
 -Paragraph 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
 The following table summarizes activity pertaining to options outstanding and exercisable at March 31
 631
 631
 55
 7
031
 3
160
 27
 68
 68
 181
 181
 17
 17
 184
 184
 7
 7
 8
120
 4
248
 82
433


        
 The following summarizes activity pertaining to the Company&#8217;s unvested options for the years ended March 31
Unvested at March 31
 2
688
 1
837
 (16
 (915
Unvested at March 31
 3
593
 1
800
 (8
 (1
513
Unvested at March 31
 3
871
807


Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
 March&#160;31



        
 March&#160;31
 March&#160;31




          

        


Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Table Text Block]
Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31
 1
926
 11
754
 (263
Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31
 13
417
 (1
543
Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31
 11
874
087



          

        


Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Table Text Block]
 Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
 6
330
 4
570
 1
800
 1
837
 (10
 (77
 8
120
 6
330
 4
248
 2
736
600




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically comprised of the amount of unearned compensation (deferred compensation cost)
 compensation expense
 and changes in the quantity and fair value of the shares (or other type of equity) granted
 exercised
 forfeited
 and issued and outstanding pertaining to that plan.  Disclosure may also include nature and general terms of such arrangements that existed during the period and potential effects of those arrangements on shareholders
 effect of compensation cost arising from equity-based payment arrangements on the income statement
 method of estimating the fair value of the goods or services received
 or the fair value of the equity instruments granted
 during the period
 cash flow effects resulting from equity-based payment arrangements and
 for registrants that accelerate vesting of out of the money share options
 reasons for the decision to accelerate.
              
 -Paragraph 64
 65
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6969291&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 11
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Intangible Assets

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section I
 -Subsection 7
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 289
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510177
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 43-49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 17
 -Subparagraph e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Deferred Tax Assets
 Valuation Allowance
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e32123-109318
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Valuation Allowance
 Deferred Tax Asset
 Change in Amount


79
100
Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Limitations on Use
The expiration date of each operating loss carryforward included in total operating loss carryforwards
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32559-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 48
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Expiration Dates


The sum of domestic
 foreign and state and local operating loss carryforwards
 before tax effects
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32559-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 48
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Subparagraph 1(i)
 -Article 4
Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes
 Foreign













 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;NOTE 10 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;EQUITY&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif align=justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.25in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;u&gt;Preferred stock issuance&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#150; In June 2011 the Company entered&amp;#160;into agreements relating to a private placement (the &amp;#8220;June 2011 Private Placement&amp;#8221;) of&amp;#160;an aggregate of approximately $7
100
000 of newly-designated 10% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 par value $0.01 per share (&amp;#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&amp;#8221;). As part of the June 2011 Private Placement
 the Company completed a private offering&amp;#160;to third-party&amp;#160;investors of $2
155
000 of Series A Preferred Stock for its stated value of $1
000 per share and warrants (&amp;#8220;2011 Warrants&amp;#8221;) to purchase 50% of the number of shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 issuable upon conversion of such Series A Preferred Stock. Subject to adjustment (including dilutive issuances)

 whether or not declared by the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors
 which are only payable in shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock or upon a liquidation.&amp;#160;For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded accrued dividends of $744
467 and $430
761
 respectively

 certain directors
 officers and other affiliates of the Company agreed to purchase an aggregate of $1
005
000 of Series A Preferred Stock and 2011 Warrants on substantially the same terms described above
 subject to shareholder approval of such issuance.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Pending such shareholder approval
 the Company issued an aggregate of $1
005
000 in promissory notes to these affiliate purchasers. These notes converted automatically into Series A Preferred Stock and 2011 Warrants in October 2011 and accrued interest on these notes was converted into accrued dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock.&amp;#160; The affiliate purchasers included Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Richard J. Lampen
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 and certain of his affiliates
 John Glover
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Chief Operating Officer and Alfred J. Small

 certain holders of the Company&amp;#8217;s outstanding debt
 including directors
 officers and other affiliates
 agreed to purchase shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 2011 Warrants in exchange for approximately&amp;#160;$4
000
000 aggregate principal amount of the Company&amp;#8217;s existing debt
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 on substantially the same terms described above
 subject to shareholder approval of such issuance.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The affiliate debt holders included Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Vector Group Ltd.
 Richard J. Lampen
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Lafferty Ltd.
 IVC Investments
 LLLP
 and Betts &amp;amp; Scholl
 LLC
 (which agreed to convert principal amount
 but not accrued but unpaid interest thereon).&amp;#160;In October 2011
 these notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 as applicable

 or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any sale
 grant or option to purchase or other disposition)
 any common stock or common stock equivalents entitling any person to acquire common stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock

705 was calculated as the difference between the beneficial conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock and the fair value of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at the issuance date
 multiplied by the number of shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock were convertible. As the Series A Preferred is perpetual and convertible at any time at the option of the holder
 there is&amp;#160;no defined accretion period available. The Company determined that the BCF should be recognized as a fully accreted deemed dividend on the Preferred Stock in the three months ended June 30

 the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive an amount equal to the stated value of $1
000 per share

000 per trading day and the Volume Weighted Average Price (as defined in the articles of designation of the Series A&amp;#160;Preferred Stock) for at least 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day period exceeds $0.76 (subject to adjustment)
 the Company may convert all or any portion of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock into shares of common stock.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In the event of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the articles of designation of the Series A&amp;#160;Preferred Stock)

 2013
 holders of Series A Preferred Stock converted 195.132 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 and accrued dividends thereon
&amp;#160;into 720
The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity
 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 if any
 including other comprehensive income (as applicable).  Including
 but not limited to: (1) balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts
 including the number of shares authorized and outstanding
 number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion
 and for other comprehensive income
 the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock
 if other than cost
 and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions
 such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle
 initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description
 terms
 and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables
 effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and
 for a period of at least ten years after the effective date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Article 4
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405834&amp;loc=d3e23285-112656
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section B
 -Paragraph 7
 11A
 -Chapter 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21506-112644
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 5
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6228006&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Preferred Stock
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6521494
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.C)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187143-122770
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section C
Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21564-112644
Reference 20: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21475-112644
Reference 21: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21484-112644
Reference 22: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21488-112644
Reference 23: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph d
 -Article 4













    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
        
        


        

496
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

715
728
        


        

156
        


        

572
        


        

869
        


        

783

179




        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other than goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 generally attributable to obsolescence or market conditions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended March 31
Balance as of March 31
 1
126
 117
Balance as of March 31
 1
243
 (898
 145
Balance as of March 31
 490
286


        
 March&#160;31
 170
 170
 535
 557
 8
271
 8
271
 664
 96
 43
 994
 994
 28
 28
 10
096
 10
729
 5
404
 4
906
 4
692
 5
823
 4
112
 4
478
 8
805
 10
302
288


        
 March&#160;31
 169
 160
 230
 197
 4
409
 3
857
 166
 16
 12
 578
 511
 5
404
 4
906
061


Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block]
 Years&#160;ending&#160;March&#160;31
 642
 636
 635
 635
 635
 3
185
232




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets
 other than goodwill.
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16373-109275
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 46
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141R
 -Paragraph 72
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13854-109267
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 47
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388280&amp;loc=d3e13777-109266
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (e)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph e
 -Clause 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Charge to cost of goods sold that represents the reduction of the carrying amount of inventory
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386783&amp;loc=d3e4542-108314
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts (CON)
 -Number 6
 -Paragraph 86
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section 7
 -Paragraph 14
 -Chapter 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388964&amp;loc=d3e16225-109274
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.













    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


















 2013

          



 2012

          



 2003

          



 2003



          



 2003



          



 2009



          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



Employee Service Share-Based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not Yet Recognized (in dollars)
        
        

119
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

886
182
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Expiration Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Available for Grant
        
        

300
663
        
        
        
        

000
000
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

314

463
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

075

107

239

356


Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Number
        
        

248
958
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term One
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

600
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital
 Warrant Issued
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

944
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible Preferred Stock
 Terms of Conversion
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

972

022
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Net
        
        
        
        

374

098
108
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

734

767
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that have yet to vest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 exercise (or conversion) price or rates
 dates relevant to conversion timing and events relevant to conversion. Describe also any beneficial conversion features. where convertible preferred stock with a nondetachable conversion feature is in-the-money at commitment date. For contingently convertible preferred stock
 discuss the circumstances of the contingency
 including the events or changes in circumstance that would cause the contingency to be met and any of the significant features necessary to understand the conversion rights and the timing of those rights. Include also an events or changes in circumstance
 if any
 that could adjust or change the contingency
 conversion price
 or number of shares
 including significant terms of those changes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate unrecognized cost of equity-based awards made to employees under equity-based compensation awards that have yet to vest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5



Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5



Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5



Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5



Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
The Company has arranged various facilities aggregating &#x20AC;350
000 or $448
571 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&#x2019; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&#x2019;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &#x20AC;69
761 or $89
407
 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012
In December 2009
 GCP issued a promissory note (the &#x201C;GCP Note&#x201D;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to shareholders and affiliates. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $211
In August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Keltic Facility
 a revolving loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (Keltic)
 providing for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a revolving facility of up to $5
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital. The Company and CB-USA are referred to individually and collectively as the Borrower. In July 2012
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment to Keltic Facility to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $5
000
000 to $7
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital.In March 2013
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a Second Amendment to Keltic Facility (as amended
 the Loan Agreement) to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $7
000
000 to $8
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms
 the Keltic Facility expires on December 31
 2016.The Borrower may borrow up to the maximum amount of the revolving facility
 provided that the Borrower has a sufficient borrowing base. The borrowing base equals (a) up to 85% of the aggregate amount of the Borrower&#x2019;s Eligible Receivables (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 plus (b) the least of (i) 50% of the Value (as defined in the Loan Agreement) of the Borrower&#x2019;s Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 (ii) $3
500
000 and (iii) 60% of the Borrowing Capacity (as defined in the Loan Agreement) at such time
 less (c) the aggregate amount of all Reserves (as defined in the Loan Agreement) in effect at such time.The revolving facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.75%
 and (c) 6.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the revolving facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable revolving facility interest rate. In addition to a $40
000 commitment fee paid in connection with the First Amendment and $70
000 closing and commitment fee in connection with the Second Amendment
 Keltic will also receive an annual facility fee in an amount equal to 1% per annum of the maximum revolving facility amount and a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default).The Loan Agreement contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Borrower is required
 among other things
 to provide Keltic with weekly borrowing base certificates
 monthly reports
 annual financial statements and other current and periodic financial
 operating and business records and reports
 as well as tax returns and such other information as Keltic may from time to time request.The Loan Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&#x2019;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens
 and make distributions or cash dividends.The Loan Agreement specifies certain Events of Default that include
 among others
 payment defaults
 violations of affirmative and negative covenants in the Loan Agreement
 imposition of certain liens
 and events of insolvency and bankruptcy. Upon a Default or Event of Default
 Keltic may terminate or suspend its obligation to make further advances and upon an Event of Default Keltic may
 among other things
 accelerate the facility repayment and declare all obligations under the Loan Agreement to be immediately due and payable.The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement are secured by the grant of a pledge and security interest over all of the assets of the Borrower.At March 31
 2013
 the Company was in compliance
 in all material respects
 with the covenants under the Keltic Facility. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $6
501
321 and $3
849
831
 respectively
In March 2013
 in connection with the Second Amendment to the Keltic Facility
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
500
000 (the Term Loan) that was used for the purchase of bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with their respective terms
 the Term Loan matures on December 31
 2016. The Term Loan interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Term Loan interest rate. The Borrower is required to pay down the principal balance of the Term Loan within 15 banking days from the completion of a bottling run of bourbon from the bourbon inventory stock purchased on or about the date of the Term Loan in an amount equal to the purchase price of such bourbon. The unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan
 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 all fees
 costs and expenses payable in connection with the Term Loan are due and payable in full on the Maturity Date.Keltic required as a condition to funding the Term Loan that Keltic had entered into a participation agreement (the Participation Agreement) providing for an aggregate of $750
000 of the Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&#x2019;s Chairman
 and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&#x2019;s President and Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants will receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower is party to a fee letter (the Fee Letter) with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower is obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
000. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled $2
496
000 and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.












Years ending March 31

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 122
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph b(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 122
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph b(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 122
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph b(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.











In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

The stated principal amount of the debt instrument at time of issuance
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6451184&amp;loc=d3e28551-108399
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584090&amp;loc=d3e28878-108400
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 21
 -Paragraph 16
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.













    
  
      

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Details 5) (Warrant [Member]
 USD $)

        

      











          

        
        


Warrants
 Outstanding at beginning of period

417
301

926
814


Warrants
 Granted
        

754
087


Warrnats
 Exercised
        
        


Warrants
 Forfeited

543
214)

600)


Warrants
 Outstanding at end of period

874
087

417
301


Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant
 Warrants outstanding and exercisable
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant
 Granted
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant
 Exercised
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant
 Forfeited
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant
 Warrants outstanding and exercisable
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

EQUIPMENT
 NET (Details) (USD $)











        

026
028

964
123


        

325

325


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross

036
353

974
448


        

519
712

353
608


        

641

840




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization (related to property
 plant and equipment
 but not including land) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived
 depreciable assets commonly used in offices and stores. Examples include desks
 chairs
 and store fixtures.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        
        
        


        

442
994
        

494
615
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

431
863)
        

877
087)
        


Operating Income (Loss)
 Percentage
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

448
757)
        

232
325)
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

152)
        

152)
        


        

117
095
        

354
777
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

444
798
        

370
460
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

329)
        

936)
        


Operating Income (Loss)
 Percentage
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

784)
        

883)
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

941
537
        

430
226
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

998
196
        

124
155
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

405
519)
        

706
151)
        


Operating Income (Loss)
 Percentage
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

302
973)
        

267
442)
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

152
        

152
        


Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Percentage
        
        
        
        


        

175
558
        

924
551
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

324
904
        

811
614
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

803
111
        

772
099
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

421
168
        

510
762
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

565
070
        

729
267
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

537
        

552
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

637
        

651
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

396
567
        

482
670
        


        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

 net and Cost of sales include excise taxes of $5
964
374 and $5
460
754 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012



              
              







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 percentage.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 percentage
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5




Operating Income (Loss)
 Percentage

The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 130
 -Paragraph 10
 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A7
 -Appendix A
Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 87-21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Net income (loss) attributable to controlling interest
 percentage

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6515339
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 12
 -Article 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts (CON)
 -Number 6
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.





Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5




Operating Income (Loss)
 Percentage

The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 130
 -Paragraph 10
 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A7
 -Appendix A
Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 87-21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Net income (loss) attributable to controlling interest
 percentage

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 12
 -Article 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts (CON)
 -Number 6
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.





Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5




Operating Income (Loss)
 Percentage

The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 130
 -Paragraph 10
 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A7
 -Appendix A
Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 87-21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Net income (loss) attributable to controlling interest
 percentage

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6515339
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Income tax expense (benefit)
Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Percentage
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 12
 -Article 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts (CON)
 -Number 6
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.





Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5





Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5





Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5





Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5





Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5





Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5





Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5

Sales
 net and Cost of sales include excise taxes of $5
964
374 and $5
460
754 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.













 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;NOTE 3 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt; INVENTORIES&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=23% colspan=5&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; March&amp;#160;31

191

107

540

625

731

732

 2013 and 2012
 19% and 22%
 respectively
 of raw materials and 4% and 3%
 respectively

 the Company acquired $2
496

 but not limited to
 historical usage
The entire disclosure for inventory. This may include
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361739&amp;loc=d3e7789-107766
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section A
 -Paragraph 9
 -Chapter 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
 -Article 5














Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date for the rights acquired through registration of a brand to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name
 symbol or other device or style for a specified period of time.
Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date for the rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275

Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date of legal rights to distribute a product or products
 often within specific geographical areas or supply channels
 for a specified period of time
 including reasonably expected renewal periods.


Gross carrying amount before accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date of the costs pertaining to the exclusive legal rights granted to the owner of the patent to exploit an invention or a process for a period of time specified by law. Such costs may have been expended to directly apply and receive patent rights
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275

Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Gross
Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275

Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388964&amp;loc=d3e16212-109274
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 42
 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill)












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 &#151; The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents balances at various large financial institutions that
 at times
 may exceed federally and internationally insured limits. The Company exceeded the limits in effect by approximately $300

 2013
 and did not exceed the limits in effect as of March 31
% of the Company&#8217;s revenues for the year ended March 31
 2013 (of which one customer accounted for 30.2%) and approximately 41.7% of accounts receivable at March 31
 2013. Sales to four customers accounted for approximately 46.2% of the Company&#8217;s revenues for the year ended March 31
 2012 (of which one customer accounted for 30.2%) and approximately 40.9% of accounts receivable at March 31
 2012.




        
          

        
          
            

 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 21
 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


























Houston
 Tx [Member]






Long-term Purchase Commitment
 Amount

Amount of contingent rental revenue recognized for the period under lease
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6454179&amp;loc=d3e41551-112718
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 23
 -Subparagraph b(iii)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Operating Leases
 Income Statement
 Contingent Revenue
Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

Rental expense incurred for leased assets including furniture and equipment which has not been recognized in costs and expenses applicable to sales and revenues; for example
Operating Leases
 Rent Expense















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

838
265)

960
125)


        
        
        


        

438)

154)


        

438)

154)


        

954
703)

128
279)




        
          

        
          
            

 but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements; and gain (loss) on a derivative instrument or nonderivative financial instrument that may give rise to a foreign currency transaction gain (loss) that has been designated and qualified as a hedging instrument for hedging of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






































Years ending March 31

Amount of long-term debt
 sinking fund requirements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 47
 -Paragraph 10
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of long-term debt
 sinking fund requirements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 47
 -Paragraph 10
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of long-term debt
 sinking fund requirements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 47
 -Paragraph 10
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of long-term debt
 sinking fund requirements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 47
 -Paragraph 10
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of long-term debt
 sinking fund requirements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 47
 -Paragraph 10
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5













    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

838
265)

960
125)


        
        
        


        

305

361


        

715
728
        


        

869

599


        

556

960


        

734)

767)


        

152)

152)


        

549

923


        

431

253


        

314

463


        

830

000


Changes in operations
 assets and liabilities:
        
        


        

330)

571)


        

586)

721


        

028
581)

006
825)


        

405)

549


        

061)

986)


        

815

082
206


        

400)

042


        

687

227)


        

165)

549


        

986
430)

405
576)


        
        
        


        

869)

799)


        

564)

133)


        
        

365)


        

800)

048)


        

963)

345)


        
        
        


        

651
490

849
831


        

496
000
        


        

866
        


        
        

000
000)


        
        

648)


        
        

005
000


        
        

155
000


        
        

147)


        

237
356

336
036


        

002)

125)


        

039)

010)


        

362

047
372


        

323

362


        
        
        


        
        

457


        

204

022




        
          

        
          
            

 The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other current operating assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount of reversal of provision for obsolete inventory.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion attributable to noncontrolling interest
 to reflect cash provided by or used in operating activities
 in accordance with the indirect cash flow method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is therefore an adjustment to reconcile income (loss) from continuing operations to net cash provided by or used in continuing operations. Excludes foreign currency transactions designated as hedges of net investment in a foreign entity and intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term nature
 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting entity's financial statements. For certain entities
 primarily banks
 that are dealers in foreign exchange
 foreign currency transaction gains (losses) may be disclosed as dealer gains (losses).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7
 -Paragraph 82
 83
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the control of
 or within the same control group as the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
 and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent assets
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not otherwise specified in the taxonomy
 charged against earnings in the period to allocate the cost of tangible and intangible assets over their remaining economic lives.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the offset which is generally to the allowance for doubtful accounts for the purpose of reducing receivables
 including notes receivable
 to an amount that approximates their net realizable value (the amount expected to be collected).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&lt;/font&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&lt;/font&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&lt;strong&gt;NOTE 2 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif align=justify&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;font size=2&gt;Basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common share is computed giving effect to all potentially dilutive common shares that were outstanding during the period that are not anti-dilutive. Potentially dilutive common shares consist of incremental shares issuable upon exercise of stock options and warrants or conversion of convertible preferred stock outstanding and related accrued dividends. In computing diluted net loss per share for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012


120

330

874

417

879

086

874

834
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 40
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1252-109256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 52
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=16381557&amp;loc=d3e4984-109258
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1278-109256















Fair Value
 Inputs
Warrant [Member] | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member]
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(iv)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph e(2)(d)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 14.D.2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6793087&amp;loc=d3e301413-122809
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 14
 -Section D
 -Subsection 2

The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph e(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph e(2)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Details 4) (Warrant [Member]
 Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member])












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common share is computed giving effect to all potentially dilutive common shares that were outstanding during the period that are not anti-dilutive. Potentially dilutive common shares consist of incremental shares issuable upon exercise of stock options and warrants or conversion of convertible preferred stock outstanding and related accrued dividends. In computing diluted net loss per share for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
 8
120
 6
330
 11
874
 13
417
 25
879
 24
086
 45
874
 43
834
214




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&lt;strong&gt;NOTE 5 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt; ACQUISITIONS&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif align=justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;u&gt;Acquisition of McLain &amp;amp; Kyne&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif align=justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; On October 12
 2006
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of McLain &amp;amp; Kyne. Under the McLain &amp;amp; Kyne purchase agreement
 as amended
 the Company paid contingent consideration to the sellers based on the financial performance of certain assets of the acquired business through March 31
 2011. The Company is also required to pay contingent consideration
 based on the case sales of Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Presidential Select bourbon for a specified amount of cases
 rather than a fixed period of time. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the sellers earned $145
800 and $117
048
 respectively
The entire disclosure for business combinations
 including leverage buyout transactions (as applicable)
 and divestitures.  This may include a description of a business combination or divestiture (or series of individually immaterial business combinations or divestitures) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
Mergers
 Acquisitions and Dispositions Disclosures [Text Block]














Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506951
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash Equivalents
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6507016
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 7
 -Footnote 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3044-108585
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 7
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3-4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 4
 -Article 5
Accounts receivable - net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $70
692 and $411
272
 respectively
The aggregate amount of receivables to be collected from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3(a)(2))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 57
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph k
 -Subparagraph 2
 -Article 4

Carrying amount (lower of cost or market) as of the balance sheet date of inventories less all valuation and other allowances. Excludes noncurrent inventory balances (expected to remain on hand past one year or one operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386567&amp;loc=d3e3927-108312
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Inventories - net of allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $461
660 and $290
316
 respectively
The total of the amounts paid in advance for capitalized costs that will be expensed with the passage of time or the occurrence of a triggering event
 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 and the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 as of the balance sheet date
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 8
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section A
 -Paragraph 4
 -Chapter 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.9)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6801-107765
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 9
 -Article 5

Amount
 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 8
 -Article 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.12)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=16385135&amp;loc=d3e33749-111570
Investment in non-consolidated affiliate
 at equity
Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388964&amp;loc=d3e16212-109274
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 42
 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Intangible assets - net of accumulated amortization of $5
404
000 and $4
906
061
 respectively
Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date
 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141R
 -Paragraph 68
 -Subparagraph l
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388280&amp;loc=d3e13770-109266
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141R
 -Paragraph 72
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph e
 -Clause 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141R
 -Paragraph 34
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Cash and equivalents whose use in whole or in part is restricted for the long-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5

Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 17
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 12
 -Article 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts (CON)
 -Number 6
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Line-of-Credit Arrangement
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6517033

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5

Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph k
 -Subparagraph 1
 -Article 4
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 57
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5

Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.21)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 21
 -Article 5


The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the noncurrent portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Line-of-Credit Arrangement
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6517033
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6743817&amp;loc=d3e1314-112600
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6743817&amp;loc=d3e1336-112600
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 6
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Inventory term loan (including $600
000 of related party participation at March 31
 2013)
Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5

Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a security that gives the holder the right to purchase shares of common stock in accordance with the terms of the instrument
 usually upon payment of a specified amount. Warrants are carried at fair value.
Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences
 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31917-109318
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31958-109318
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19-26)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 450
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6952336&amp;loc=d3e14326-108349
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 25
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 17
 -Article 9
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.17)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 5
 -Paragraph 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 -Article 5
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Preferred stock
 $.01 par value
 25
000
000 shares authorized
 6
701 and 6
897 shares of series A convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively (liquidation value of $7
876
530 and $7
327
262 at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively)
Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 $.01 par value
 225
000
000 shares authorized
 108
773
034 and 108
052
067 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 31
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.30(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 31
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.31(a)(3))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e681-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=SL7669686-108580
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 31
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 -Number FAS115-1/124-1
 -Paragraph 15D
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 130
 -Paragraph 14
 17
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3

Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6228006&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 27
 -Article 5
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 7

Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568447-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568740-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4I
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4590271-111686

Total of all Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity items (or Partners' Capital
 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.32)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 25
 -Article 7
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 32
 -Article 5














Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(iv)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph e(2)(d)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 14.D.2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6793087&amp;loc=d3e301413-122809
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 14
 -Section D
 -Subsection 2

The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph e(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph e(2)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(iv)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph e(2)(d)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 14.D.2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6793087&amp;loc=d3e301413-122809
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 14
 -Section D
 -Subsection 2



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(iv)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph e(2)(d)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 14.D.2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6793087&amp;loc=d3e301413-122809
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 14
 -Section D
 -Subsection 2













    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified







        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which may vary from the carrying amount because of unamortized premium or discount.
              
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

280

830


        

700

850


Due From Related Parties
 Current

226

640


Due To Related Parties
 Current

351
957

584
270



          

        
        


Due From Related Parties
 Current

598
        


Due To Related Parties
 Current
        

469


Equity Method Investment
 Ownership Percentage
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
 8
120
 6
330
 11
874
 13
417
 25
879
 24
086
 45
874
 43
834
214




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by antidilutive securities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 March&#160;31
 89
 211
 211
 6
501
 3
849
 2
496
 9
298
 4
061
 The Company has arranged various facilities aggregating &#8364;350
000 or $448
571 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &#8364;69
761 or $89
407
 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012
In December&#160;2009
 GCP issued a promissory note (the &#8220;GCP Note&#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211

 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to shareholders and affiliates. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $211
In August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Keltic Facility
 a revolving loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (Keltic)
 providing for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a revolving facility of up to $5
000
 In July 2012
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment to Keltic Facility to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $5
000
000 to $7
000
 In March 2013
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a Second Amendment to Keltic Facility (as amended
 the Loan Agreement) to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $7
000
000 to $8
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms
 the Keltic Facility expires on December 31
 The Borrower may borrow up to the maximum amount of the revolving facility
 provided that the Borrower has a sufficient borrowing base. The borrowing base equals (a) up to 85% of the aggregate amount of the Borrower&#8217;s Eligible Receivables (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 plus (b) the least of (i) 50% of the Value (as defined in the Loan Agreement) of the Borrower&#8217;s Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 (ii) $3
500
000 and (iii) 60% of the Borrowing Capacity (as defined in the Loan Agreement) at such time
 The revolving facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.75%
 and (c) 6.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the revolving facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable revolving facility interest rate. In addition to a $40
000 commitment fee paid in connection with the First Amendment and $70
000 closing and commitment fee in connection with the Second Amendment
 Keltic will also receive an annual facility fee in an amount equal to 1% per annum of the maximum revolving facility amount and a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
 The Loan Agreement contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Borrower is required
 among other things
 to provide Keltic with weekly borrowing base certificates
 monthly reports
 annual financial statements and other current and periodic financial
 operating and business records and reports
 The Loan Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&#8217;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens
 The Loan Agreement specifies certain Events of Default that include
 among others
 payment defaults
 violations of affirmative and negative covenants in the Loan Agreement
 imposition of certain liens
 and events of insolvency and bankruptcy. Upon a Default or Event of Default
 Keltic may terminate or suspend its obligation to make further advances and upon an Event of Default Keltic may
 among other things
 At March 31
 2013
 the Company&#160;was in compliance
 in all material respects
 with the covenants under the Keltic Facility.&#160;At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $6
501
321 and $3
849
831
 respectively
 In March 2013
 in connection with the Second Amendment to the Keltic Facility
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
500
000 (the Term Loan) that was used for the purchase of bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with their respective terms
 the Term Loan matures on December 31
 The Term Loan interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears

 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 all fees
 Keltic required as a condition to funding the Term Loan that Keltic had entered into a participation agreement (the Participation Agreement) providing for an aggregate of $750
000 of the Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s Chairman
 and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants will receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower is party to a fee letter (the Fee Letter) with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower is obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
000. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled $2
496
000 and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


        
 Years&#160;ending&#160;March&#160;31
 89
 8
997
 211
 9
298
308




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;NOTE 15 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;A.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The Company has entered into a supply agreement with Irish Distillers Limited (&amp;#8220;IDL&amp;#8221;)
 which provides for the production of blended Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least six years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount&amp;#160;of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next four fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 90% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June&amp;#160;30
 2013
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &amp;#8364;649
073 or $831
871 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &amp;#8364;594
517
 or $761
951
 had been purchased as of March 31
 2013. The Company is not obligated to pay IDL for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement

 which provides for the production of single malt Irish whiskeys for the Company until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement. IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least thirteen years prior notice to the Company
 except for breach. Under this agreement
 the Company provides IDL with a forecast of the estimated amount&amp;#160;of liters of pure alcohol it requires for the next twelve fiscal contract years and agrees to purchase 80% of that amount
 subject to certain annual adjustments. For the contract year ending June&amp;#160;30
 2013
 the Company has contracted to purchase approximately &amp;#8364;211
860 or $271
526 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) in bulk Irish whiskey
 of which &amp;#8364;174
264
 or $223
343
 had been purchased as of March 31
 2013. The Company is not obligated to pay IDL for any product not yet received. During the term of this supply agreement

 Ltd.
 an international supplier
 to be the sole-producer of Celtic Honey
 one of the Company&amp;#8217;s products

 NY
 Dublin
 Ireland and Houston
 TX. The New York
 NY lease began on May 1
 2010 and expires on April 30
 2014 and provides for monthly payments of $18
693. The Dublin lease commenced on March 1
 2009 and extends through November 30
 2013 and provides for monthly payments of &amp;#8364;1
250 or $1
602 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate). The Houston
 TX lease commenced on February 24
 2000 and extends through January 31
 2015 and provides for monthly payments of $1





 the Company is obligated to pay its pro-rata share of utility and maintenance expenses on the leased premises. Rent expense under operating leases amounted to approximately $325
082 and $323
201 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively

 the Company was obligated to pay an earn-out to the sellers based on the financial performance of the acquired business. The aggregate amount of such earn-out payments
 which was not to exceed $4
000
000
 was determined by calculations as defined in the agreement
 as amended
 through March&amp;#160;31
 2011. The Company is also required to pay an earn-out based on the case sales of the Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Presidential Select for a specified amount of cases. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the sellers earned $145
800 and $117
048
 respectively

 in August 2011
 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Keltic Facility
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN)
 -Number 14
 -Paragraph 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6449706&amp;loc=d3e16207-108621
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 460
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6398077&amp;loc=d3e12565-110249
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 450
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6952336&amp;loc=d3e14435-108349
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 440
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394976&amp;loc=d3e25287-109308
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 5
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.













Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation Of Financial Statements [Abstract]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;NOTE 1 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;A.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Description of business&lt;/u&gt; &lt;font style=FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#151; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Castle Brands Inc. (&amp;#8220;the Company&amp;#8221;)
 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&amp;#8220;CB-USA&amp;#8221;) and McLain &amp;amp; Kyne
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;McLain &amp;amp; Kyne&amp;#8221;)
 the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&amp;#8220;CB-IRL&amp;#8221;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&amp;#8217;s 60% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;GCP&amp;#8221;)

 marketing and sale of premium and super premium brands of rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka and tequila in the United States
 Canada
 Europe
 and Asia. Prior to March 31
 2012
 the vodka
 Irish whiskeys and certain liqueurs were procured by CB-IRL and billed in Euros to CB-USA
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss resting with CB-USA. Beginning April 1
 2012

 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning Gosling&amp;#8217;s Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of Bermuda
 and Gosling&amp;#8217;s Stormy Ginger Beer

 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Reserve and Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Presidential Select
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions; Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; and Knappogue Castle 1951

 a premium Irish cream liqueur; Castello Mio
 a super premium Sambuca
 Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement
 Pallini Limoncello
 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs; pursuant to an exclusive global distribution agreement
 Travis Hasse&amp;#8217;s Original&amp;#174; Pie liqueurs
 and pursuant to a U.S. distribution agreement
 Gozio amaretto

 an ultra-pure
 five-times distilled and specially filtered premium vodka. Boru is produced in Ireland and has three flavor extensions (citrus

 super-premium tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
 which is available as blanco



 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)

 bulk wine
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
 and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&amp;#8217;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage

 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $684
830 and $275
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with the disposition of wine brands
 label and packaging changes made to certain brands

 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts

 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis

 &amp;#8220;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&amp;#8221;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results. Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates that most significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses and discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s net assets exceeds the unit&amp;#8217;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks

 2013 and 2012 by weighting a combination of the present value of the Company&amp;#8217;s discounted anticipated future operating cash flows and values based on market multiples of revenue and earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&amp;#8220;EBITDA&amp;#8221;) of comparable companies. Other than the write-downs of intangible and goodwill related to the wine brands discussed in Note 7
 the Company did not record any impairment on goodwill or other intangible assets for the years ended March 31

 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&amp;#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. The Company did not record an impairment on long-lived assets for the years ended March 31

 the Company determined to reduce its sales and marketing efforts on its wine brands
 which do not provide a material contribution to the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations. The Company made this decision to optimize its resources and focus on its faster growing and more profitable spirits brands
 and to reduce the levels of working capital required to maintain necessary inventory levels of bulk wine and finished goods. The Company intends to continue selling existing finished goods wine inventory through its current sales channels
 but is actively seeking buyers for large lots and for its bulk wine. In connection with this decision
 the Company recognized a loss of $1
715
728
 consisting of $817
156 on the write-down of net intangible assets and $898
572 in goodwill
 as well as $326
869 charged to the provision for obsolete inventory to adjust both bulk wine and finished goods to estimated net realizable value
 for the year ended March 31

 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&amp;#8217;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $1
171
290 and $885
837 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012


 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases

 &amp;#8220;Foreign Currency Matters&amp;#8221;
 the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are shown as a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations. Prior to March 31
 2012
 the Company&amp;#8217;s vodka
 Irish whiskeys and certain liqueurs were procured by CB-IRL and billed in Euros to CB-USA
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss resting with CB-USA. Beginning April 1
 2012
 CB-USA began purchasing these goods directly from the suppliers

 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments&amp;#8221;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&amp;#8217;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&amp;#8217;s debt



 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;

 no such provisions for accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions have been recorded as of March 31


 which is included in selling expense
 was $2
212
774 and $1
940
571for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012

 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation

 including both its own proprietary brands and those it distributes for others. The Company does not have long-term written agreements with all of its suppliers. Also
 if the Company fails to complete purchases of products ordered annually
 certain suppliers have the right to bill it for product not purchased during the period. Suppliers&amp;#8217; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
 delays in shipments of products from international suppliers or the loss of existing suppliers
 especially key suppliers
 could have material adverse effects on the Company&amp;#8217;s operating results. The inability to maintain

 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2012-02
 &amp;#8220;Intangibles&amp;#151;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment.&amp;#8221; The amended guidance simplifies how entities test indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill for impairment.&amp;#160; After an assessment of certain qualitative factors
 if it is determined to be more likely than not that an indefinite-lived asset is impaired
 entities must perform the quantitative impairment test.&amp;#160; Otherwise
 the quantitative test is optional.&amp;#160; The amended guidance is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted.&amp;#160; The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2012-04
 &amp;#8220;Technical Corrections and Improvements.&amp;#8221; The amendments in this update cover a wide range of topics in the ASC. These amendments include technical corrections and improvements to the ASC and conforming amendments related to fair value measurements. The amendments in this update will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The adoption of this standard is not expected have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued amendments to the accounting guidance for presentation of comprehensive income to improve the reporting of reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income. The amendments do not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income
 but do require an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where the net income is presented or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under GAAP that provide additional detail about these amounts. For public companies
 these amendments are effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2011-05
 &lt;em&gt;Presentation of Comprehensive Income&lt;/em&gt; (ASU 2011-05)
 which revises the manner in which entities present comprehensive income in their financial statements. The new guidance amends ASC No.&amp;#160;220
 &lt;em&gt; Comprehensive Income
&lt;/em&gt; and gives reporting entities the option to present the total of comprehensive income
 the components of net income
 and the components of other comprehensive income in either a continuous statement of comprehensive income or two separate but consecutive statements. ASU 2011-05 does not change the items that must be reported in other comprehensive income. This new guidance was effective for the Company April 1
 2012 and is applied retrospectively. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2012-03
 &amp;#8220;Technical Amendments and Corrections to SEC Sections: Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 114
 Technical Amendments Pursuant to SEC Release No. 33-9250
 and Corrections Related to FASB Accounting Standards Update 2010-22 (SEC Update).&amp;#8221; This update amends various SEC paragraphs pursuant to the issuance of SAB No. 114. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations
The entire disclosure for the organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure
 and significant accounting policies of the reporting entity. May be provided in more than one note to the financial statements
 as long as users are provided with an understanding of (1) the significant judgments and assumptions made by an enterprise in determining whether it must consolidate a VIE and/or disclose information about its involvement with a VIE
 (2) the nature of restrictions on a consolidated VIE's assets reported by an enterprise in its statement of financial position
 including the carrying amounts of such assets
 (3) the nature of
 and changes in
 the risks associated with an enterprise's involvement with the VIE
 and (4) how an enterprise's involvement with the VIE affects the enterprise's financial position
 financial performance
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 22
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Statement of Position (SOP)
 -Number 94-6
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN)
 -Number 46R
 -Paragraph 4
 14
 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure and Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]












    
  
      

          

        

      










Subsidiary or Equity Method Investee
 Cumulative Percentage Ownership after All Transactions
        
        


        

830

000


Goodwill and Intangible Asset Impairment
 Total

715
728
        


        

156
        


Goodwill
 Impairment Loss

572
        


        

869
        


Shipping
 Handling and Transportation Costs

171
290

837


        

212
774

940
571




        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other than goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excessive quantities based on expected sales
 technological obsolescence
 and shrinkage. May also provide for estimated product returns or price concessions pertaining to product cost.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 generally attributable to obsolescence or market conditions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shares
 Unvested at beginning of the year
The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shares
 Granted
The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(e)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shares
 Canceled or expired
The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(d)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shares
 Vested
The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shares
 Unvested at end of the year
The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Unvested at beginning of the year
The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Canceled or expired
The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(d)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Vested
The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Unvested at end of the year













The amount of excise and sales taxes included in sales and revenues
 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6408196&amp;loc=d3e61097-111654
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 06-3
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.













    
  
      

          

        

      










Computed expected tax benefit
 at 34%
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


State and local taxes
 net of federal benefit
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the federal tax benefit (expense) thereon
 recorded during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U
C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U934Y
M830X83(S.3



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U,C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U
M934Y830X83(S.3,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3(U
M-F9F9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?3W!E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M:&5E='

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O



&-E;%=O<FMS




M4D=!3DE:051)3TY?04Y$7U-534U!4EE?3T9?4TD\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\



O4VAE970Q
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\




#I.86UE



#I.86UE/D51



O4VAE970R
&-E;%=O<FMS
M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1/



M='
O4VAE970R

M7T%.1%]#3TY424Y'14Y#2453/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

C4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3U)'04Y)6D%4
M24].7T%.1%]354U-05)97T]&7U-)
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7




O4VAE970S
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E
M9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T



M($A2968]

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX
M.DYA;64^4U1/0TM05-%1%]#3TU014Y3051)3TY?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^
M#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U<F-E($A2968]

M:&5E=#



M(#QX.DYA;64^1T5/1U)!4$A)0U])3D9/4DU!5$E/3E]486)L97
\+W@Z3F%M

M04Y$7U-534U!4EE?3T9?4TDR/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T




M:&5E='




M-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC



T0B
#I7
M;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-#0N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K




O4VAE970T


7T%.1%])3E1!3D=)



M3F%M93Y'3T]$5TE
3%]!3D1?24Y404Y'24)
15]!4U-%5%




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='
O4VAE970U





7TQ%05
S

T0B5V]R


O4VAE970U
RYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS







T0B5V]R


O4VAE970U-RYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS

#I.86UE/E-4
M3T-+0D%3141?0T]-4$5.4T%424].7T1E=&%I;#$\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\


M968]
&-E
M;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA
M;64^4U1/0TM05-%1%]#3TU014Y3051)3TY?1&5T86EL




#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS
M:&5E='





T0B


M






&0T8U\T
F8X
M7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S4R-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y
R]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5654%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@



2P@
M
C`Q


M
S`L(#(P


]
T1R

]
T1T97AT/C$P+4L\




]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y-87(@,S$L#0H)3(P
3






]


]

]


]


]

]


]







]





RTS


]

]
T1P

]



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y





]


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%!U8FQI8R!&;&]A=#PO=&0^



2PV
#`L
#`P/'-P86X^


C4V9F9D8U\P
M9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3

M;G0]



S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M

M97%U:79A;&5N='

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@-#@T+#
V

]
M

M9B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S(&]F(0W,PV.3(@


]
T1N=6UP/C8L
C8X+#0S



]


#
L

3(R+#8T



]


M9VX]




M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#0X
RPW
#



]
T1N=6UP/C4Q-BPV







M9B!A8V-U;75L871E9!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@)#4L-#`T+#`P,!A;F0@
M)#0L.3`V+#`V


3





T1T;W`^


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

3DW+#`P




]
T1N=6UP/C
Q
M+#

]

]



T1T;W`^1F]R96EG





P
2PU


2PQ-#`\

M/D%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97



U
M



]




]




Q

BPT.38L
M

M;7`^

]



C$Q+#4X



]





]





3



]


]





2!P87(@=F%L=64L(#(U+#`P



M
S(W+#(V
B!A=!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q





M

Q
M+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L




T1T;W`^061D:71I;VYA

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$T

30Q+#8S.2PR




]
T1P


M;3XH
2PX




]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]

S



]



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U
C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U934Y
M830X83(S.3










]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C0V


M







I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

#`L






]
M
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P




]




]
T1N=6UP/C8L.#DW/'-P




M



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(R-2PP
#`L
#`P

M
C(U+#`P


]


RPP


#@L
#4R

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97


L
#

3`X+#`U
BPP

M-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y





]

T1)1#!%

3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@


S$L(#(P
3
\

M36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]







C8L-#


C(L-CDT+#(Y


]

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$T+#
Q.2PY

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

BPU
C4L



]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Q+#(V-2PQ




M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



C`L

]

]


2PW


]
M

@

M/B@T+#0S
2PX-C


]
M

]








]

BPR-3


]
T1N=6T^*#4X-RPS

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]



]

]

30X+#$U
M

]

]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]


]
M

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#(S
BPS




]

]


]

]



M86QI9VX]


@



]

M;G5M/B0@*#`N









2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
M

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3(U-F9F9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?
M-64U.6$T.&$R

O4VAE970P-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

M96UE;G1S(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G




T1T;W`^17AC

M.38T+#


M
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R

O4VAE970P


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



;W-S



M



]
T1N=6T^)`H-PY-C`L



]





M/B@Q-C@L







]

&0T8U\T
M
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S4R-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y
R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5%1D))/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^5&]T86P\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@


]
T1T:#Y!9&1I=&EO

]

]

]





S+#4P


Y
M.2PY-S


2P@
C`Q
3PO


]
T1N=6UP/C$P-RPR
#(L
30U/'-P









]


]
T1N=6T^*#4L
C
R+#














]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


M+#
S-RPQ












I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]


]

M86QI9VX]



M-#`L







]


]


]


]







]
T1N=6T^*#(U












]
T1N=6T^*#0S






]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#4X
BPV
M









]


]






]









M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
38L-#



T1T;W`^0V]N


M8VL@86YD(&%C8W)U960@9&EV:61E;F1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L












]












]






^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

S$L
M(#(P
3

]
T1N




S`L

M+#8R



T1T;W`^0D%


#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



L
#

C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U
M934Y830X83(S.3


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#


S$L(#(P















]


M;W5N='

]
T1N=6UP/C8X

]





M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
#DL-S8W

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^1&5F97)R960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:70\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]



]







T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM8F%S





M;G


]

]
T1N=6T^*#@V
2PS
S`I/'-P86X^

P+#4W
M







]
T1N=6T^*#$U
BPP-C$I/'-P86X^

3@Y+#DX


\+W1D


]

]
T1N


\+W1D



]


]

M5$E.1R!!0U1)5DE42453/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@T+#DX-BPT




3U=3($92
M3TT@24Y615-424Y'($%#5$E6251)15




]







]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N




30U+#@P

M24Y615-424Y'($%#5$E6251)15


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C4Q+#0Y



T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L-#DV+#`P


]



T1T;W`^)#(N




]

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S



]

]
T1N=6UP/C`\

M+#`P-2PP




M

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]S='






M1&YU;7`^-2PR




]
M
T1N=6T^*#(L



M5%

]
T1N=6UP


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0S.2PS
M
C






]



T1T;W`^27-S


]

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#0R+#(P-#QS

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B
M86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y

#DN:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$

M
S$L(#(P



M
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R

O4VAE970Q
M










#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



T1T

M;VX@;V8@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N='







M051)3TX@04Y$(%-534U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!0

M.B`Q



3$%0

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

T0P/B`\



'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@,XR-6EN

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&



M25I%.B`Q


T0G1D].5#H@

Q-3$[(%1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T
M871E;65N='
@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@86-C;W5N='
@;V8@0V%S=&QE($)R86YD




M.#(R






M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

3`P
M)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

+4%
24=..B!T

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N

M




M97








M97

M

'!T)SX@/'1A8FQE('-T


XR
M-6EN)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
XR-6EN)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0G


\+W4^(8C,34Q.R`\=3Y2=6T\+W4^(8C
34Q.R!';W-L:6YG
M)B
X
C$W.W

M82`R

M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7



'!T.V-L96%R.F)O



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


X
M
C$W.W




V('EE87)S

@3F5W

M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

'!T(#`N-6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

\





M


63H@

3!P



M97

M8F]T:#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M


#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS



34Q.R!A(%531$$@8V5R=&EF:65D(&]R
M9V%N:6

M($%U=&5N=&EC87


M(&]F(%1I97)R87


'!T(#`N-6EN
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)B


3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL
M87!S93L@1D].5#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M/3-$)U9%4E1)0T%
+4%

T0G5TE$5$@Z
M(#`N





M.B`Q

Q-3$[(%1H


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

T0G5TE$
M5$@Z(#$P

M/3-$


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



'!T




M(S@R

F
M(S@R

@:6X@=F%L







M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

'!T)SX@/'1A


M2#H@
XR-6EN)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

XR-6EN)SX@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]


3L@


M=64@86-C;W5N='
@8F%S960@;VX@8V]N=')A8W1U86P@=&5R;7
@;V8@=&AE

M8V]N;VUI8R!S=&%T=7

Q-C`[

M3TY4+49!34E

M15(M0T]

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B







M:&EP;65N='
@=&\@8V]N=')O;!S=&%T97,@:6X@=&AE(%5N:71E9!3=&%T
M97

M('1O('1H92!R971A:6P@8VAA;FYE;X\+V9O;G0^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



'!T


M4E1)0T%
+4%

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N
C5I



M3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T

M26YV96YT;W)I97


M86YY)B
X
C$W.W



N
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\+V1I=CX@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

63H@)U1I

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q




M:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!D:7-P;W-I=&EO;B!O9B!W:6YE(&)R


L(&%S('=E;&P@87


@:&%V92!B965N(')E


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M($U!4D=)3CH@
&EN)SX@)B

M13H@

3`P)3L@0D]21$52
M+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B`\=&0@

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N





M960@9G)O;2!T:&4@86-C;W5N='


'!T)SX@)B


M24142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@
M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M+4%

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N



M13H@

'!T)SY*+CPO



M='

L


M4TE:13H@




63H@)U1I



M
#M!4T
F(S@R




@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!J=61G;65N='
@86YD(&5S

N($-H86YG97
@


M9FEC86YT;'D@869F96-T('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&-A;&-U;&%T:6]N(&%R
M92!R96QA=&5D('1O(')E=F5N=64@9W)O=W1H+!C;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S+!S







M871I;VYS(&%R92!I;F1E9FEN:71E(&QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S







'!T(#`N-6EN
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@9&5T










Q+`R,#$S(&%N
M9`R

M97






38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N



M.B`G5&EM97


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



X
C(P.T%C8V]U;G1I

M960@07-S971S)B
X

M=FEE=W

M9B!I='









@3F5W(%)O




M8G5T:6]N('1O('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


@9&5C:7-I;VX@=&\@;W!T




@



M97
@8VAA;FYE;'





2P@
C`Q
RX\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL


'!X)SX@
M)B


M5&EM97






'!T)SX\


M;F%L(&AA;F1L:6YG(&-H87)G97


@86YD(&9I;FES:&5D(&=O;V1S+B!4:&5S92!C



@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H


M9W)A;7
@86YD('!R;VUO=&EO;G
N(%1H97-E('-H:7!P:6YG(&-H87)G97
@

2PQ
M-S$L

#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

M.B`P:6XG/B`F(S$V

'!T


XR-6EN)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

XR-6EN
M)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




34Q

@86YD(&1U='D@87)E(&-O;7!U=&5D(&%T('-T86YD


@87)E(&EM

#MB;VYD+B8C.#(R


@82!C;VUP

M9V]O9'

@87)E('-O;&0@
M)B
X





'!T)SX@)B



M2#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@
3!P

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

+4%

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N




M

'!T)SY.+CPO9F]N




@





M:6]N86P@9V]O9'
@:7

M;VQL87)S(&]F9B!I;G9O:6-E(&%R92!A(')E9'5C=&EO;B!T;R!R979E;G5E




M97



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=<^3RX\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I



C`[1F]R96EG;B!#

X
C(Q.RP@=&AE('1R86YS;&%T:6]N(&9R;VT@


@

@:6X@969F96-T(&%T('1H92!B86QA;F-E

M0T(M25)
(&%N9!B:6QL960@:6X@175R;W,@=&\@0T(M55-!+!W:71H('1H








M;&4]

M4D1%4BU#3TQ

@3F5W



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=<^4X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO



3LL(&1E9FEN97
@=&AE(&9A:7(@


M97

M;V8@8V5R=&%I;B!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY

@;F\@;6%T97)I86P@9&EF9F5R96YC


M($-O;7!A;GDN/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\
M+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2






M:61A;F-E+!W:&EC:!A8V-O;7!L:7-H97
@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!K97D@

'!T)SX@



@

#L\

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M:6YG9&EN9W
G/B8C

M5&EM97







@3F5W

#L\+V1I

'!T)SX\



M5&EM97

M(S$V

M.B`Q




'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0G1D].



'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



@=&\@=&AE

T0G1D].



R4G

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M+49!34E



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M-SL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M9G5L;!T97)M(&]F('1H92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N=X\+V9O;G0^

M.B`G5&EM97


M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q-C`[


3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@
M1D].5#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M4E1)0T%
+4%

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N
C5I



M3E0M4TE:13H@

'!T


X
C(P

!C;VYS97%U96YC97



M970@:7

M3TY4+49!34E






@:&%V92!B965N(')E8V]R9&5D


'!T(#`N-6EN
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M13H@

3`P)3L@0D]21$52
M+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B`\=&0@

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N








M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P



M5&EM97





BPR


M

@


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P






M




M;VX@;V8@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='



X
C(P.T=!05`F(S@R



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S
M(&%N9!D:7-C;&]S=7)E(&]F(&-O;G1I;F=E;G0@87-S971S(&%N9!L:6%B

M97AP96YS97




@

M:#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=<^52X\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M9B!I='





M871I=F5S('1O('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@8V]N=')A8W1S('=I=&@@


N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E





M

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N




T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY6+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D/B`\9&EV



M13H@

34Q.R!);B!*=6QY(#(P

C`[26YT86YG:6)L97
F(S$U
3M'

M;FET92U

M(S@R
C$[(%1H92!A;65N9&5D(&=U:61A;F-E('-I;7!L:69I97
@:&]W(&5N





@8F5G

C`Q






'!T(#`N-6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



@86YD

C$[(%1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&EN('1H:7
@
M=7!D871E(&-O=F5R(&$@=VED92!R86YG92!O9B!T;W!I8W
@:6X@=&AE($%3






M
'!T(#`N-6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



3!P












M=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(&)Y('1H92!R97-P96-T
M:79E(&QI;F4@:71E;7



M96-L87-S:69I960@:6X@=&AE:7(@96YT:7)E='D@=&\@;F5T(&EN8V]M92P@



M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

@;W(@9FEN86YC:6%L(&-O;F1I

'!T.V-L96%R.F)O

'!X(#!P=`P+C5I;CL@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4:6UE

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\9&EV



T0G5TE$5$@Z
M(#$P

M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



'!T)SX\


M:6]N(&]F($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE/]E;3X@*)!4U4@
C`Q
2TP

M97

M/B!A;F0@9VEV97



N($%3
M52`R
#$Q+3`U(&1O97
@;F]T(&-H86YG92!T:&4@:71E;7




'!T)SX@)B


M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C`[5&5C:&YI8V%L($%M96YD;65N='
@

M;R!314




C`Q



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G


M13H@


T0G5TE$
M5$@Z(#`N

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY8+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/]T

@3F5W

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
M
SDS#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R-39F9F1C7S!D
M-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y

3$N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C


M0R!!3D0@1$E

M


#$S/&)R







63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M



F4],T0R/CQS=')O;F<^3D]412`R(8C
34Q

@04Y$($1)3%54140@3D54($Q/
M4U

M34E









@
M8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R
M97






M(&ES(&%N=&DM9&EL=71I=F4N)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


CXF(S$V
M


M;&4]

T0G

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
C
E(&-O
M;'-P86X]

@

M
38P.V5N9&5D)B
Q-C`[36%R8V@F(S$V
#LS


M97

M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG



M5&EM97

M(S$V



M=VED=&@]
T0Q


3

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G

M97

M(&]P=&EO;G

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M


T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV



PW-C4\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@




M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M

T0Q



M

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T

M.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@




'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q

M4TE:13H@


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


38P.SPO




T0Q

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E


M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97


[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA
M-#AA
C
Y



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5-13X-

]







]
'0^(#QD






'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M3E0M4TE:13H@


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


3!P=#MC










M(#0P




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]


38P.S

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



P
#`P
#`@
7!X

M/3-$

'!T)SX@
C`Q
SPO9&EV/B`\


#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS


'!T)SX@
M
C`Q

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0W-24^(#QD:78@


#L@;F5T

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M4TE:13H@


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@-2PQ.3$L

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P



63H@5&EM97
@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@

'!T)SX@
RPQ

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B




24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P

'!T)SX@.PU-#`L.#$U/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@-RPV
C4L
#@S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED


'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


38P.SPO




T0Q

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV('-T



M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M


'!T)SXD/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

'!T)SX@
3
L
M-S
Q+#DV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@
3`L-S
R+#8Y.#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R


M


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M3E0M4TE:13H@


M5#H@


Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R


M4TE:13H@


M

T1J
M=7-T:69Y/B8C

M.B`G5&EM97



M3TY4+49!34E



#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S


'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




38P.R8C

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M+R\O0SHO-3(U-F9F9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS+U=O

O4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]


]








@



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

#L\+V1I=CX@

'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


3$

M:R!0:64L($Q










@9F]R



M;W-S(&%M;W5N='


2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
M

2PX
S`L(')E

@9G)O;2!$4$-0('5N9&5R

@:6YD96)T960@=&\@0T(M55-!(&EN('1H92!A;6]U

M;6]U;G0@;V8@)#(X+#0V.2P@=VAI8V@@:7
@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@9'5E('1O

M:6YG(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!B86QA;F-E('-H965T+B!!=!-87)C:`S,2P@
M,C`Q,RP@0T(M55-!(&]W;F5D(#(P)2!O9B!T:&4@1%!#4!A;F0L('5N9&5R

38L-S`P
M(&%N9`D,3,P+#@U,!A=!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q


C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U
M934Y830X83(S.3


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]


]

M86QI9VX]




]

@


'!T)SX\


'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[5$58

M5&EM97

63H@)U1I


3!P

M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M4TE:13H@


M

M97(@
3(L(#(P




@=&AR;W5G:!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q
2X@5&AE
M($-O;7!A;GD@:7
@86QS;R!R97%U:7)E9!T;R!P87D@8V]N=&EN9V5N=!C

M97)S;VXF(S@R


2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q

@96%R;F5D(0Q-#4L
M.#`P(&%N9`D







M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

]

]
T1R;SX-







M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#LF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



M;&4]


M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O


M;&4]


38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
C
E(&-O;'-P86X]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0W-24^(#QD



M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%

M34E

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M13H@


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B




38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L




T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0Q




+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M.38T+#$R

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P



M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

13H@


M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M+#

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



R-3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M





M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P
M,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M



M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M



M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^



3!P=#L@5D52

M




M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




+4%
24=.
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'



M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

'!T)SX@0F%L86YC93PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@-3$V+#8T

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SXD/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

'!T)SX@-C(P+#@T
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


38P.SPO9&EV

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M



@96YD
M960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@=&]T86QE9`D,3@W+#4S.2!A
M;F0@)#$X,PQ.#

M
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
M
C
Y



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E



12!!
M4U-%5%



]




]

@


'!T.V-L

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)B

M24)
12!!4U-%5%

T0G



@;V8@


M9V]O9'
N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&EN=&5N9'


@86-T:79E



@





M=VEN92!A;F0@9FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'
@=&\@97-T:6UA=&5D(&YE=!R96%L
M:7IA8FQE('9A;'5E+!F;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
M
3


M.TU!4D=)3CH@


T1J=7-T:69Y/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

M5#H@

@



M:60[($U!4D=)3CH@
&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%
M.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9



'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@W



[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


M+4%
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M




M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B






'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#@W)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q







+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

@;V8@36%R8V@@
M
S$L(#(P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@

'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@W)3X@

'!T)SX@5W)I=&4M9&]W;B!O9B!G;V]D
M=VEL;!R96QA=&5D('1O('=I;F4@8G)A;F1S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@W)3X@/&1I



3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


+4%
24=.
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M3TY4+49!34E

38P.R8C
38P

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[34%21TE.
M.B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[5$585U!3$E'3CI
969T.U!/4TE4


Y96(V8V4@
'!X
M('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

!S;VQI9<@8V5L;'-P86-I;F<],T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!A;&EG




M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


M

T0R

T0G1D].

Q-C`[
S$L/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL


63H@)U1I;65S($YE





M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!C

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M34E

M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



'!T.R!6

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M;&4]

PP,#`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


63H@)U1I;65S

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



'!T.R!6

63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M4TE:13H@

T0Q


3!P


M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@.PR-S$L-34U/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M3E0M4TE:13H@


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O


M;&4]

\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

'!T)SX@)B
Q

3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


M(#0P




M

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T

M.B`G5&EM97


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@.38L.34Y/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



Y-3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





'!T.R!615)4

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M97


'!T.R!6

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G

M97

M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I



T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

'!T)SX@)B
Q

3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M


T0Q


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`Q
PP.38L.30Q/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q

M13H@




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


Z(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M;&4]

#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P



T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P




M+49!34E


M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE

'!T
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



M


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

34Q.R!I;F1E9FEN:71E(&QI=F5D*CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E



T0G1D].

3$R+#DW

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M+#DW

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
M
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

'!T)SX@
3`L
S`R+#(X

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


38P.SPO9&EV

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


63H@)U1I

'!T)SX@


M(,Y96(V8V4@,'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4[
M($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ



T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


'!T)SX@)B

M(#0P

63H@




M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

'!T)SX@)B

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E

M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M


'!T)SX@)B
Q

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

'!T

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W


T0Q
M






'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E

24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I






3!P


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


S`L



63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4TE:13H@

T0Q


3!P




M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV




M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

'!T)SX@-PT,#DL,C(Q/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$







6QE/3-$

'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B



M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%


T0G

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE

'!T
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!R:6=H

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q

M4TE:13H@


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


T0G


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL



M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV




3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'



M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


M63H@5&EM97


'!T
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P





+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0W-24^(#QD:78@



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@-2PT
#0L
#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97



63H@5&EM
M97


M



M=&EO;G



'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




3!P




@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
M


'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[



63H@

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


'!T.R!&3TY4

M97

M8F]T:#M415A4+4%
24=..DQE9G0[4$]3251)3TXZ(')E;&%T:79E)SX@/'1A

Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O;&ED

Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O;&ED
M.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(
Y96(V8V4@


T0P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@/'1R/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@W


F(S$V
#ME;F1I



38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@W)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@



M
T0Q



'!T.R!615)424-!



M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.

M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M-BPR

M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q







+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




S

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV



#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@-C
U+#0S

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0Q

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M25I%.B`Q

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



L
3@U+#(S
CPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3(U-F9F9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?
M-64U.6$T.&$R

O4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

]




]
T1R;SX-



3!P=#MC



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




3!P=#MC

'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M13H@


3!P

Q
M+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

M



M-3(U-F9F9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E
M7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y

3@N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M



]
M
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@






]

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!
M4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9




'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M+49!34E


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P





P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q

T0G


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!R:6=H

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@
M,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#QT


1494.B`Q-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

T0G


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV




M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#
M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@

'!T)SXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G

M97


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@
C$Q+#4X

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


3$L-3@P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H

@3F5W


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M
'!T)SX@-BPU
#$L

M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

M


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E



T0G

L.#0Y+#@S

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


'!T.R!6

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M;&4]


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI


M;&4]


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV('-T




M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@



M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

13H@


M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M
CDX+#

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@-PP-C$L-#$Q/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^

M


63H@

'!T



M/3-$)U=)1%1(.B`P+C(U:6X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M

2`H=')A
M;G-L871E9!A=!T:&4@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3


F(S@R




S$L(#(P
3
@



M


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E





'!T)SX@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


'!T)SX\9F]N

Q-C`[
M

M
#M'0U`@3F]T928C.#(R



#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+`D


#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+`D
M
C$Q+#4X


M3TY4+49!34E



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
XR-6EN)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

M24142#H@
XR-6EN)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I




M;&4]





M=FED:6YG('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%N9!#0BU54T$@=VET:!W;W)K:6YG(&-A


M;&4]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


3(L











@=&5R;7
L('1H92!+96QT:6
@1F%C

2P@
C`Q-BX\+V1I=CX@/&1I


M



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9VEB;&4@4F5C96EV86)L97







M.B`Q


M

@


M=6%L:7IE9P@:7,@=&AE(&=R96%T97-T(&]F(AA*2!T:&4@4')I;64@4F%T
M92!P;'5S(#
N









N




!C;&]S:6YG(&%N9!C;VUM:71M96YT(&9E





M4D=)3CH@

@3F5W








@9F]R(&%S



M8V]R9'

L(&%S('=E;&P@87
@=&%X(')E='5R;G
@86YD
M('-U8V@@;W1H97(@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@87


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M25I%.B`Q


M='



'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[5$58

'!T(#`N-6EN.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q


M.TU!4D=)3CH@

@







M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N






M


M
'!T(#`N-6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

S$L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
Q-C`[

M=VET:!T:&4@8V]V96YA;G1S('5N9&5R('1H92!+96QT:6,@1F%C:6QI='DN
M)B,Q-C`[070@36%R8V@@,S$L(#(P,3,@86YD(#(P,3(L(0V+#4P
2PS
C$@


M5#H@

05!313H@8V]L;&%P




@3F5W


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N

T1L969T/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!J=7-T:69Y)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

'!T(#!P



3

PP,#`@*'1H92`B5&5R;2!,;V%N(BD@=&AA=!W87
@




L('1H92!4

2P@
C`Q-BX\+V1I=CX@

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G





38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M4TE:13H@


M;&4]


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

'!T
M)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S




M+C(U)2P@*&(I('1H92!
24)/4B!2871E('!L=7






N





M97)M($QO86X@:6X@86X@86UO=6YT(&5Q=6%L('1O('1H92!P=7)C:&%S92!P




M



'!T(#`N-6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M5&5R;2!

M26YV97-T;65N='





M(&%N(&%F9FEL:6%T92!O9B!2:6-H87)D($HN($QA;7!E;B`H)#4P+#`P



M97-T(&%T('1H92!R871E(&]F(#$Q)2!P97(@86YN=6TN($YE:71H97(@=&AE






@;V8@
M)#$U+#`P
X@5&AE(&)A;&%N8V4@;VX@=&AE(&-R961I=!F86-I;&ET:65S


63H@)U1I;65S





M



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W




38P.V5N9&EN9R8C
38P.TUA

Q-C`[










M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B


'!T
M)SX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]


38P.SPO





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E



T0G


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


T0G


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@W)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M


M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q


3!P


M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V


T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

M
'!T)SX@)B

M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




CDX+#
P.#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3(U-F9F9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T
M.&$R

O4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

]




@



63H@)U1I;65S




M



M

63H@)U1I;65S($YE



'!T.V-L

#L@26X@2G5N
M92`R
#$Q('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960F(S$V

M='

M
#M*=6YE(#(P
3$@4')I=F%T92!0;&%C96UE;G0F(S@R
C$[*2!O9B8C
38P

#`@;V8@
M;F5W;'DM9&5S:6=N871E9`Q,4@4V5R:65S($$@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@4')E

M

X

M;V8@=&AE($IU;F4@
C`Q

#`@;V8@4V5R:65S





M
C`Q

M3TY4+49!34E



@82!P97)C96YT86=E(&]F('1H92!S




M:&%R97
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R

M;B!C;VYV97)S:6]N(&]F('1H92!397)I97



@96YD
M960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R
M9&5D(&%C8W)U960@9&EV:61E;F1S(&]F(0W-#0L-#8W(&%N9`D-#

M

M:&4@86-C=6UU;&%T960@9&5F:6-I=!A;F0@:6X@861D:71I;VYA;!P86ED

M8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='
N)B

M13H@


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97







M('-A;64@=&5R;7




38P.R!4:&4@869F:6QI871E('!U


@5')U



T0G



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




X
M
C$W.W

M:&%S92!S:&%R97


#LF
M(S$V



3$

#M);B!/8W1O8F5R(#(P
3$L('1H97-E




'!T.V-L



63H@)U1I;65S


'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T


N)B
Q-C`[5&AE

@87)E('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@;&EA8FEL:71Y(&%C8V]U;G1I

M


63H@


'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)B


M;VYV97)S:6]N(&]F('1H92!397)I97


C`Q



M;&4]



C$[*2!O9B`D

@8V%L

M



M97)T:6)L92!A=!A;GD@=&EM92!A=!T:&4@;W!T:6]N(&]F('1H92!H;VQD
M97(L('1H97)E(&ES)B








N(%1H92!397)I97




63H@

M(S$V

'!T.V-L96%R.F)O

M=6YT(&5Q=6%L('1O('1H92!S=&%T960@=F%L=64@;V8@)#$L




@3F5W


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#`N
C5I

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
F(S$V

M
3`P+#`P

@




M;GD@

@


M;6UO;B!S=&]C:RXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M);B!T:&4@979E;G0@;V8@82!&=6YD

M97

Q-C`[4')E9F5R

M92!397)I97


M3TY4+49!34E

C5I;CL@34%2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M

M



3
R('-H


38P.VEN=&\@-S(P+#DV-R!S:&%R97
@

&0T
M8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5-13X-B`@(`@

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L



'!T.V-L

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M



M
2`F(S$U



M5#H@


#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!T:&4@

C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?
M8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3

T0G=&5X




M


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#



]

]
T1T97AT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M13H@


3!P


M




M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M.B`G5&EM97


@
C`Q
2!T:')O
M=6=H(#(P
3



@
C`P-R!T:')O=6=H(#(P
3


M



@

M(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R





M92!T:')O=6=H(#(P
S



3L@

@87

S@R(&]F('1H92!);G1E





#$R+CPO9&EV/B`\9&EV('-T



24=..B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

38P

@3F5W



M9&ES=')I8G5T960@96%R;FEN9W


2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BX\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL


'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L92!R96-O;F-I;&5S('1H92!I;F-O;64@=&%X(&)E

T)2X\

'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[34%2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

Q-C`[)B

M4TE:13H@


M3E0M4TE:13H@

3!P=#MC;&5A



M:60[($)/4D1%4BU




M:6YG/3-$

M


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M




M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

T0Q

M;&4]



@3F5W

#L\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


'!T.R!6


M0T%
+4%

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P




M+49!34E

S0E

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@


M


24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q


M(#

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SY)

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!R:6=H

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

@

N
S0I

3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

'!T)SY%9F9E8W0@


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G5$58

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


'!T.R!615)424-!



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H

@3F5W

M9&5D(&EN(&UI;F]R:71Y(&EN=&5R97-T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0W

M

M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M





'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M3E0M4TE:13H@

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@

3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



BPR
C(L


M97)R960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:70@:7

38P.WEE87)S*2X@1F]R(&5A8V@@;V8@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D

Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

34R(&]F(&EN8V]M92!T87@@8F5N969I=X\+V1I=CX@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4





3!P





&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!
M4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9




'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M+49!34E


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P





'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97








'!T.R!615)4

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V


T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0Q

T0G1D].


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$







T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@



M63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M4TE:13H@

T0Q



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M




+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



63H@5&EM97
@


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




63H@5&EM
M97


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#$R

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M







[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0W


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

#`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E



M4TE:13H@


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!



M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I


1494
M.B`Q
G!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

M;&4]

Q+#8R
RPP

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@

'!T)SX@
S`L
#$R+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4



M34E

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




M63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E


M4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`Q
G!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M

#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


'!T.R!6


M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0W

M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4


M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I

@


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#`L

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



M3E0M4TE:13H@


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0W

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



1494.B`Q
G!X.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


'!T.R!6

63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
B4^(#QD



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I


M25I%.B`Q


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S





[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!L



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P




M+49!34E


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S


1494.B`Q
M
G!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
B4^




+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M

@86-Q=6ER960@:6X@:6YV97-T;65N


M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@*#$L
#
W+#`Q

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T





T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P
M,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$




M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M25I%.B`Q


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M



M9&]U8FQE.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[








M-PV,#@I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S



M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SX@)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B

M13H@

M3CH@






U+#
Y-RPP
#`L(')E

C4P+#`P


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%R92!I









]
T1R93X-






]
T1T97AT/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG



'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[34%2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

'!T.V-L96%R.F)O

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M97

M8F]T:#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

38P

@3F5W

M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P






M




X
C(P.S(P
M
#
@4&QA;B8C.#(R






M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





'!T(#`N-6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


BPP
#`L
M

M86)L92!F;W(@9&ES=')I8G5T:6]N('5N9&5R('1H92!0;&%N+B!);B!*86YU
M87)Y)B
Q-C`[
C`P.2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R





#`P+#`P



M07
@;V8@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3
L(#
L
S`P+#8V
R!S:&%R97



M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





2P@
C`Q


C`Q

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





#$S
M(&%N9`R,#$R(&%M;W5N=&5D('1O(0R.#(L

S(L




M1D].5#H@

'!T(#`N-6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q-C`[(#QU/E-T;V-K($]P
M=&EO;G

@3F5W

M34E


M:68G/B`F(S$V

'!T.V-L
M96%R.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M3$E'3CI


Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P
M


'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

38P.V5N9&5D)B
Q
M-C`[36%R8V@F(S$V
#LS

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

T0R-R4@

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

3
\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M




M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#
E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV




13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS

'!T)SX@)B



T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS


T0Q

T0G1D].

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M


'!T)SX@
M)B


T0Q
R4@

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

'!T)SX@)B
Q

3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD







M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M








M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G





M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M



M4TE:13H@


T0G

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

CX@/&1I=B!S='EL


M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.

M.B`Q

M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT

'!T

M34E



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]

M5&EM97

M:&%R97

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0T



M:6YG(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


38P.SPO



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

T0G5$58


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T0Q
M



#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0Q


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



M3E0M4TE:13H@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[






'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
B4^




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q




M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M13H@

T0Q


M(@Q,PP

M


'!T)SX@)B
Q

3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M


M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M25I%.B`Q



6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0T

M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4


M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4E1)0T%
+4%



M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M




+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0T
M





M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@
M-BPS

M


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#QT


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M5&EM97

M(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E


M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P






+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#
E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$




M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RPG<V5R:68G.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0G/B`F(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T




M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


3!P




#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!615)424-!



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M13H@


T0G5$58

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

@

#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!



M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

'!T
M)SX@

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



M;&4]


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#LF(S$V
#L\+V1I

'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[34%21TE.
M.B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[5$585U!3$E'3CI
969T.U!/4TE4


Y96(V8V4@
'!X
M('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

!S;VQI9<@8V5L;'-P86-I;F<],T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!A;&EG


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP

M=VED=&@]
T0R


F(S$V
#M/=71S=&%N9&EN9SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\



M5&EM97

M(S$V




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z







M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#QT



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P

'!T)SX@)B


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



63H@

24=..B!C

+4%
24=..B!B
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].



CX@/&1I=B!S='EL



M4TE:13H@


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7


M34E

M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

T0Q




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


63H@)U1I;65S



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M5&EM97

M(S$V



38P.SPO



M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D



M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q








M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B



M9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV('-T



:69E)B

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M



M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@


M








+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].



CX@/&1I=B!S='EL





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$




M=&@]
T0Q




M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I


M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



CX@/&1I=B!S



M4TE:13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T



#$@)B
Q-3$[(0P+C(U/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

'!T)SX@-C
Q+#0P
#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


M
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

T0Q


M



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

'!T)SX@

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E

24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P


M(#4U+#
U

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M5&EM97


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE


M97

M



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4


M5&EM97

M(S$V



M13H@


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


24=.



M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#,Y)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD,2XP,2`F(S$U,3L@)#(N,#`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@

'!T)SX@-C@L




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F
M9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T





M4TE:13H@


T0G

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q




+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@

'!T)SX@)B


M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0S.24^(#QD


#$@)B
Q-3$[(0V+C`P/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@



M=&@]
T0Q



M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M



M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R



'!T)SX@

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

@

#`P

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U19

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

#`\



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE


M97

M



38P.SPO9&EV



T0Q


3!P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


'!T)SX@)B
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


'!T)SX@)B
Q





M
'!T)SX@)B

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$




M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@


M


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E


M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$




M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M

M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B


34Q.R`D.2XP
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

63H@


T0Q


3!P

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE


M97

M



38P.SPO9&EV



T0Q


3!P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@




+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M4TE:
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE


M97

M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T.R!&



T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M5&EM97

M(S$V



38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV





M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4

T0Q


3!P


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T


T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V



38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#

'!T)SX@
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

PW-C4\+V1I=CX@/]T


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P

'!T)SX@-RXQ.#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

[($9/
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




T0Q


M



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO

'!T

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T(#!P


M(%1O=&%L('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G

@;V8@36%R8V@@
M
S$L(#(P
3
@=V5R92`T+#(T.PY-3@N(%1H92!W96EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E
M(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(&]F('1H97-E(&]P=&EO;G



M34E

@96YD960@
M36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P

M4TE:13H@


M

M3TTZ(,Y96(V8V4@,'!X('-O;&ED.R!3U)$15(M3$5&5#H@(SEE8C9C92`P

&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/
M3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


M13H@


T0G5$58



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\




M34E



63H@)U1I;65S




6QE


38P.SPO



M4TE:13H@


T0G


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M





38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P


3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS

'!T)SX@)B

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$



3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0W

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$





+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
M

@3F5W(%)O

\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0W
24^(#QD


S$L
M(#(P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0Q

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M-C@X+#$P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T


#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@


T0Q

M


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q


W+#

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


38L

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M






M3E0M4TE:13H@

34L

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV



T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


38P



T0Q
B4^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@



M34E

2P@
C`Q
CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M
'!T)SX@)B

M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B

3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

T0Q


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



'!T.R!6

63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M




+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



63H@5&EM97
@

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

'!T
M)SX@

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M13H@

T0W



T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97





M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

'!T)SX@*#@L

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`P+C

3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M

RPV

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



M3E0M4TE:13H@




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


'!T

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M

M5&EM97


Q+`R,#$S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E


M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`S+#@W
2PX

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

'!T
M)SX@

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




M5&EM97



@869F96-T960@8GD@87-S=6UP=&EO;G

M:6YG(&$@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;7!L97@@86YD('-U8FIE8W1I=F4@=F%R:6%B













M97



M




&EN.R!724142#H@
M
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9




6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)

M
38P.S

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]


38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0V.24^(#QD:78@



38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#$S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS


@3F5W

#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B



M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M0T%
+4%
6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M5&EM97


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M




+4%
6QE/3-$)U1%


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M4TE:13H@


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE

'!T

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M

M5&EM97



M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G5$58


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E



M4TE:13H@


M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

'!T.R!6

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G

M97


M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



M3E0M4TE:13H@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV



#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M97



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=<^0BX\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!J=7-T:69Y)SX@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


3L@5&AE($-O;7!A




T1J=7-T:69Y/B8C
38P

@3F5W


#$Q

38P.SPO=3X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL



@

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@:7-S





3$@:6X@=&AE(&-O;G-O

#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!T:&4@9F%I

C`Q

@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@


#$S

#(L-S




M:&]L97




M



T0G1D].

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M(%=)1%1(.B`Q

T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

3!P

M=VED=&@]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4TE:13H@


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P
M86X]

@3F5W





M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M



M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@36%R8V@F(S$V,#LS,2P\8G(O/B`R,#$R
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#8Y)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%



M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M





6QE/3-$

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[






M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4TE:13H@


T0G

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q

T0G1D].


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG



M5&EM97

M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97





M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



6QE

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)

M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



C=P=#L@1D].5#H@






C=P=#L@1D].5#H@
M




C$S+#8P

M:7



&5R8VES960@
M<')I;W(@=&\@=&AE:7(@97AP:7)A=&EO;B!O;B!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q
BX\

'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[34%2


M

M
C=P=#L@1D].5#H@


@82!S=6UM87)Y(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY
M)B
X
C$W.W

@9F]R('1H92!P97)I;V1S

'!T.V-L



63H@)U1I;65S

'!T)SX@/&1I


M4D1%4BU#3TQ


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


'!T)SX@)B

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M97


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M(#0P




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]


3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS


@3F5W

#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV




M5&EM97

M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE





38P.SPO


3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S


'!T)SX@17AE

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P


3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS

'!T)SX@)B

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



'!T

63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q




M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

CX@

'!T)SX@4&5R)B



3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

'!T)SY787)R86YT

Q+`R,#$Q
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@
2PY
C8L.#$T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



63H@
M5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

'!T)SX@-BXW
CPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


'!T


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0W

M;&4]

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@
3$L-S4T+#`X-SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

@3F5W(%)O


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


'!T.R!6

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@


M1494.B`Q
G!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P
M,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M92P@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

38\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U19

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV




M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@


M



'!T
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/

'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-4

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


34Q.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

@

3L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E



M4TE:13H@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


'!T
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV



2PU-#
L
C$T*3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

@3F5W(%)O

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B



'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


3!P




T0Q
M




+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



#$S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\


63H@5&EM
M97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q



M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\



&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F
M.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y

C
N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$


]

M86QI9VX]


]

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M3E0M4TE:13H@

M4D=)3CH@



@

M:#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

38P.SPO

@3F5W(%)O

M24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]
T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


3!P

M25I%.B`Q


M;G



X
C$W.W






M/CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL


'!T(#`N
C5I;CL@1D].5#H@








6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=<^0BX\+V9O
M;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

N


M(%!A;&QI;FD@26YT97)N87II;VYA;&4@4RYR+DPN(@B4&%L;&EN:2(I+!A

+D$N4BX@4RYP+D$L(')E





M13H@








M('1H:7



3!P=#MC

'!X



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M:`S,2P@,C`Q,R!A;F0@,C`Q,BP@4&%L;&EN:2!O=V5D('1H92!#;VUP86YY
M(0S-PV,C@@86YD(0Q


@:6YD96)T960@=&\@
M4&%L;&EN:2!F;W(@)#DV-RPQ.#@@86YD(0T,S8L-38Q+!R97-P96-T:79E

@
M86YD(&%F9FEL:6%T97

'!T(#`N-6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




&EN(#!I


M2#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@
3!P

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

+4%

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N




M97


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=<^0RX\+V9O;G0^
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@




#LT
#0@;V8@=&AE


#`L

L(&9E97
@86YD(&]T

3
L


M4D=)3CH@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

&EN(#!I;B`P


M
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

+4%
24=.

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N

M;&4]


3!P

'!T)SY$+CPO9F]N=#X\

M
#LR

#M
5%
F(S@R




Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R+!,5%,@=V%S
M('!A:60@)#$U-PY-S(@86YD(0Q.#,L.#@X+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL('5N
M9&5R('1H:7

#M
86UP96XL('1H92!#;VUP
M86YY)B
X
C$W.W

M968@97AE8W5T:79E(&]F9FEC97(@86YD(&$@9&ER96-T;W(@;V8@3%13(&%N



'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[



63H@

'!T


XR-6EN)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


'!T)SY%+CPO9&EV/B`\






&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F
M.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y

C0N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$

]





T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O
M;G1I;F=E;F-I97

M97

M3TY4+49!34E




M345.5%
@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15



63H@)U1I;65S($YE

'!T)SX@/'1A8FQE


M
XR-6EN)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
XR-6EN)SX@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M



X
C(P.TE$




@241
('=I=&@@82!F;W)E8V%S=!O
M9B!T:&4@97-T:6UA=&5D(&%M;W5N=8C


@9F]R('1H92!N97AT(&9O=7(@9FES8V%L

M=&UE;G1S+B!&;W(@=&AE(&-O;G1R86-T('EE87(@96YD:6YG($IU;F4F(S$V
M
#LS



M9B!-87)C:`S,2P@,C`Q,RX@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7,@;F]T(&]B;&EG871E
M9!T;R!P87D@241




M.B`Q

'!T(#`N
C5I;CL@1D].5#H@

M($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

@



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=<^0BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S






#$S(&5X8VAA;F=E

X
S8T
M.S$W-PR-C0L(&]R(0R
C
L
S0S+!H860@8F5E;B!P=7)C:&%S960@87,@
M;V8@36%R8V@@,S$L(#(P,3,N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&ES(&YO=!O8FQI9V%T


M241








M.B`G5&EM97







T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

38P

@3F5W

M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P






M







3@L-CDS+B!4:&4@1'5B;&EN(&QE87-E(&-O;6UE

M96UB97(@
S`L(#(P
3


2PV
#(@*'1R86YS;&%T960@870@


#`P(&%N

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M($U!4D=)3CH@



@:6X@97AC97-S

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M.B`Q
'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S



Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#$P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0X-R4^



Q-C`[96YD:6YG
M)B
Q-C`[36%R8V@F(S$V
#LS

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@



M.B`Q






'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@W)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


@3F5W

#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\



T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T(#!P


M86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y/B8C

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M='

C
L

@96YD960@36%R8V@@
M
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P





38P

@3F5W

M05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P






M






#`P+#`P

M87
@86UE;F1E9P@=&AR;W5G:!-87)C:8C,38P.S,Q+`R
#$Q+B!4:&4@

X
C$W
M.W

#$S


@86=R965M96YT+CPO



M5&EM97




M)U=)1%1(.B`Q

XR-6EN)SX@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
XR-6EN)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3(U-F9F9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A
M865?-64U.6$T.&$R

O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

M;'-P86X]


M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$



T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A

'!T

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M13H@


3!P

M12`Q-B`F(S$U

M3E


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




M

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N




T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY!+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D/B`\9&EV



M13H@




@8F%L
M86YC97


M
#`L
#`P/]F;VYT/B!A=!-87)C:`S,2P@,C`Q,RP@86YD(&1I9!N;W0@
M97AC965D('1H92!L:6UI='


M4TE:13H@


M;&4]




@

#$S(AO9B!W:&EC:!O;F4@8W5S





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?
M8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]





M

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


M

M3D]412`Q-R`F(S$U

@

T0G





M97






M5&EM97

@86YD






M.B`G5&EM97

M8VQE87(Z8F]T:#M415A4+4%

M/B`F(S$V

'!T.V-L96%R
M.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M3CI


Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].







'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P




'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%

M34E




38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M0T%
+4%
6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M5&EM97

M(S$V


T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


3!P




T0Q
M


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M




'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

'!T)SX@26YT97)N871I;VYA

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@
M
3
N

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W



+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

T0G


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

W








'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^



M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

'!T)SX@
S4L.3DX+#$Y

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0U

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G1D].


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%




M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




BPY.30\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG



+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].

24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M3E0M4TE:13H@


[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#`N

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0U


M


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

P
#`P
M
#`@

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].

T0Q

M13H@


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@

T0Q

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

P
#`P
M
#`@

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].

T0Q

M13H@


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@

T0Q

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


T0G


'!T
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/

'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV




[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$





M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@*#(V+#

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P


M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q


V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M5&EM97


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0U


38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!



M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M1RU
1494.B`Q-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P






M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0U




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P



M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M0T%
+4%
6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#$T

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M;&4]

@

M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M13H@

T0Q



3!P

M=VED=&@]


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
M
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



XP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


@

#L\

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M97

M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


@

#L\

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M97

M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#QT


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


;W-S


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV



M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q

M4TE:13H@

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P




+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV('-T



M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$





M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@

'!T)SX@*#DV-PX.#,I/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q




M13H@

T0U



M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$




'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M



M(#0P


M(#DW+C

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


'!T
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL


M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


38P.SPO




T0Q

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T


24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

'!T)SX@*#4L

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


M.R!415A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@*#4L,C,R+#,R-2D\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@




P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




T0G1D].

XP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S





[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!L



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S





[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!L



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q


38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


'!T.R!6


M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0U

M3E0M4TE:13H@


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


'!T.R!615)424-!


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



XP/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E

M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


T0G

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!615)4


M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0U

M4TE:13H@

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q


M


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$






+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M5&EM97

M
BPX

M


'!T)SX@)B
Q

3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#$W

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M;&4]


M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

@3F5W(%)O


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


T0G


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





1494.B`Q-W!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M13H@

T0Q



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M

T0Q


M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




M63H@5&EM97

M




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P




+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV('-T



M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@


M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@
RPW
CDL
C8W/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV




M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

'!T)SX@
C0R+#4S

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M5&EM97


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O



+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T

M.B`G5&EM97


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

'!T)SX@.3`Q
M+#8U

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M25I%.B`Q


M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^



M:60[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0U


3!P


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV




[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE

'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P




M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T.R!&



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4E1)0T%
+4%



M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M;&4]


M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q


M

M13H@


'!T)SXE

3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[





M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#`N

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97




M


M.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

T1L969T/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M13H@

T0U




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]


63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

M

63H@)U1I

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
C
E(&-O;'-P86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'



M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B



T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!M:61D
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV



#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@
2PY-#$L-3

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



M

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M

3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@


M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M-#

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


38P.SPO9&EV



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SY5;FET960@4W1A=&5S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$




'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q





M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`R.PY,C0L-34Q/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

'!T)SX@.3(N-#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0U



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M





M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P
M,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P





+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV




M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@


M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SXD/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

'!T)SX@
S
L
3$W

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@

'!T)SX@

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



Q+#


'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
M
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



XP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^

'!T.V-L96%R



M25I%.B`Q

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M4V5R:68G/B`F(S$V

'!T

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S



M97





M
&EN.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@1D].5#H@



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\U
C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3
O




]



M4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4R`H4&]L:6-I97
I/&)R


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#






M=&EO;B!A;F0@0F%S:7


M4TE:13H@


M


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P






M






@=VAO;&QY+6]W;F5D(&1O

M+B`H)B
X

M92P@3'1D+B`H)B
X

X
C(Q.RDL('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

M:6%R:65S+!#87-T;&4@0G)A;F1S(%-P:7)I=',@1W)O=7`@3&EM:71E9`H
M)B
X
C(P.T-+4E238C.#(R

#M'0U`F(S@R
M


@86YD(&)A;&%N8V5S
M(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!E;&EM:6YA=&5D+CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^)B

]




M


T0G5TE$5$@Z
M(#`N



M;&4]

3L@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7


M:71E9!3=&%T97,L($-A;F%D82P@175R;W!E+!A;F0@07-I82X@4')I;W(@
M=&\@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P

@








T1T;W`^

@3F5W(%)O


3$%0

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

T0P/B`\



'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@,XR-6EN

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&




M25I%.B`Q




X
C$W.W






M34E


M:68G/B`F(S$V

'!T.V-L



M.B!*969F97)S;VXF(S@R

X
C$W.W
@4F5S97)V

X
C$W.W


L(&$@9F%M:6QY(&]F('!R96UI



'!T(#!P


M86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y/B8C

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97







M($]R:6=I;F%L)B



M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#`N-6EN


M25I%.B`Q






M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




R-#$[96IO+CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I




M



T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P



@3F5W

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M:7%U:60@:6YS=')U;65N='



]

M3U)$15(M0T]

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

'!T)SX\9F]N



\

N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&-L87-S:69I97
@:71S(&5Q=6ET





]




M


T0G5TE$5$@Z
M(#`N



M;&4]
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY&+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@

@3F5W(%)O

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




N

]
M





38P.SPO

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


3!P





M=F5N=64@:7



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE


'0@0FQO
M8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X@/&1I=B!S='EL


'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M2#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@
3!P

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


@



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


3L@
M26YV96YT;W)I97



@=&AE('9A;'5A=&EO;B!O
M9B!I='
@:6YV96YT;W)I97
@86YD(')E9'5C97




M;'5E(&]F('-U8V@@:6YV96YT;W)I97
@8F%S960@;VX@86YA;'ES97
@86YD






M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

&EN(#!I;B`P
M:6X@

M-S4L


N(%1H


M97


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G5D525$E#


'!T)SX@)B

M25I%.B`Q



M



@87)E(')E=&ER960@;W(@






]








'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ('1O


'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX\











'!T


38P.SPO

@3F5W(%)O


C`[1D%30B8C.#(R
3LI($%C8V]U

X
C(P.T%30R8C.#(R
M
3LI(#
U
P@)B,X,C(P.TEN=&%N9VEB;&5S(T@1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD($]T
M:&5R)B
X
C(Q.RP@:6UP86ER;65N=!O9B!G;V]D=VEL;!M=7-T(&)E('1E




M=F%L=64N(%1H92!I;7!L:65D(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@9V]O9'=I;&P@:7
@



L
M('1R861E;6%R:W










Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R(&)Y('=E:6=H=&EN9R!A(&-O;6)I

X
M
C$W.W



M=&%X97





MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N

M


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M='

X
C(P


X

M:6-A;&QY(')E=FEE=W










T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M97




M86P@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N('1O('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


@9&5C:7-I

@;VX@:71S







@8VAA;FYE;'





2P@
C`Q
RX\+V1I=CX@

'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P

'!X)SX@)B


]





M4BU#3TQ

@3F5W(%)O



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=<^3X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^


M(&-H87)G97




@




@86YD('!R
M;VUO=&EO;G
N(%1H97-E('-H:7!P:6YG(&-H87)G97
@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D

2PQ-S$L

#$S(&%N






M4BU#3TQ

@3F5W(%)O



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=<^32X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



X
C(P.V)O;F0N)B
X





C`[97@@=V%R96AO=7-E)B
X
C(Q.RP@=&AE('-A;&5S

@87)E(&-H87)G960@=&\@



@86YD(%!R;VUO=&EO

@3F5W


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)


'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M





Q-3$[(%1H


@





@


@
M86-C;VUP86YI960@8GD@82!P97)C96YT86=E(&]F('1H92!S86QE(&)E:6YG


@;V9F(&EN
M=F]I8V4N($EN('-U8V@@8V%S97






'!T.V-L96%R

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

+4%
24=.

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N

M;&4]


3!P

'!T)SY/+CPO9F]N=#X\





#M&;W)E:6=N

F(S@R


M861J=7-T;65N='




@87)E






M;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\+V1I=CX@/'-P86X^


]
T1T97AT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T0G
M5TE$5$@Z(#$P

M:6YG/3-$

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG
M<V5R:68G.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0G/B`F(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

3L@05-#
M(#@R-2P@)B
X



@
M:6X@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


L


'!T
M)SX@)B

3!P=#MC;&5A

&EN(#!I;B`P:6X@
M

M:68G/B`F(S$V




M3U)$15(M0T]

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M
T0G1D].5#H@
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=<^



6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M)SXF(S$V-SL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E


C`[






M5VEN9V1I;F=S)SXF(S$V-SL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4.B`Q
'!T




M25I%.B`Q


M34E


M:68G/B`F(S$V

'!T.V-L


M:6QI='D@87



M('9A;'5A=&EO;B!H:65R87)C:'D@:7
@8F%S960@=7!O;B!T:&4@;&]W97-T



@;V8@=&AE
M('9A;'5A=&EO;B!H:65R87)C:'D@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W



M2#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@
3!P

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

+4%

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#DE)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL


'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)




M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)




@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&EN(&%C=&EV92!M87)K971S



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

@)B





]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

63H@

3$%04T4Z

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

T0P/B`\='(@


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@,XR-6EN)SX@

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4



M.B`Q
'!T)SX\=3Y);F-O;64@=&%X97


X
C(Q.RP@9&5F97)R960@=&%X

@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@9F]R('1H

M9F5R96YC97





#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL


'!X(#!P



M97






3!P


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N
M



M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY2+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



3L@




]

M.B`G5&EM97


M1%1(.B`Q

XR-6EN)SX@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
XR-6EN)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E




@)#(L




L



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
XR-6EN)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

M24142#H@
XR-6EN)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I




M;&4]

M/B`F(S$U


M9!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!R:6YC:7!L97,@*8C.#(R
#M'04%0)B
X
C(Q.RD@


@;V8@

@8V]U;&0@9&EF9F5R(&9R

@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@86-C
M;W5N=&EN9R!F;W(@:71E;7





]





M4BU#3TQ

@3F5W(%)O



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=<^52X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


34Q






M86YY)B
X
C$W.W






63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA





38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N

M;&4]


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M4V5R:68G/B8C
34Q.R!);B!*=6QY(#(P


C`[26YT86YG:6)L97
F(S$U

:79E

C$[(%1H
M92!A;65N9&5D(&=U:61A;F-E('-I;7!L:69I97
@:&]W(&5N=&ET:65S('1E


M=&5S='

@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&%F

C`Q

M87-H(&9L;W=S(&]R(&9I;F%N8VEA;!C;VYD:71I;VXN/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N

M;&4]

'!T(#`N
M-6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






C$[(%1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&EN('1H:7
@=7!D871E(&-O
M=F5R(&$@=VED92!R86YG92!O9B!T;W!I8W





'!T(#`N-6EN
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)B


M;W1H.TU!4D=)3CH@

M97






M;64@:7


M(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(&)Y('1H92!R97-P96-T:79E(&QI;F4@
M:71E;7



M960@:6X@=&AE:7(@96YT:7)E='D@=&\@;F5T(&EN8V]M92P@86X@96YT:71Y


M;7!A8W0@;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R

M=&EO;G

@;W(@9FEN86YC:6%L(&-O;F1I=&EO;BX\+V1I

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'





05!313H@




M97

M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=<^5RX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M
34Q.R!);B!*=6YE)B
Q-C`[
C`Q
2P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352`R
M


M=R!G=6ED86YC92!A;65N9'
@05-#($YO+B8C
38P.S(R



M;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE+B!4:&ES(&YE=R!G=6ED86YC92!W87
@969F


M92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

M+49!34E




C`Q
BP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352`R

@4W1A9F8@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!=6QL971I;B`H4T%*2!.;RX@
M

@4F5L
M96%S92!.;RX@
S
M.3(U

B`H4T5#
M(%5P9&%T92DN)B
X
C(Q.R!4:&ES('5P9&%T92!A;65N9'

M14

M($YO+B`Q





3`P
M)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

+4%
24=..B!T

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N

M



'!T)SY8+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M;CPO=3X@)B



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?
M8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@04Y$($1)
M3%54140@3D54($Q/4U


M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

]

]



]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

M

M;B!S:&%R97
@;F]T(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&-A;&-U;&%T:6YG(&1I;'5T960@




M97




M.B`Q

05!313H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B








3!P

38P.S
Q+#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$





38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

CX@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@
C`Q

M


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O

M

'!T)SX@
C`Q
CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@



T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@


M
T0Q



M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M




+4%
6QE/3-$)U1%


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G

S

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M3E0M4TE:13H@

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M13H@

T0Q



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@
3
L-#$W+#
P

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M4TE:13H@



6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

@


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0W-24^




+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!M:61D
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV




M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED


'!T
M)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B




M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


24=..B!R:6=H

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q

M4TE:13H@

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q




M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V



M4&%R=%\U
C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3









#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H
M961U;&4@;V8@26YV96YT;W)Y+!#=7)R96YT(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M5#H@




M:6X@

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


24=..DQE9G0[4$]3251)3TXZ(')E

Y96(V
M8V4@

Y96(V
M8V4@
'!X('-O;&ED.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(
Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O;&ED

T0P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG



'!T
M)SX@36%R8V@F(S$V
#LS

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

T0Q
24@

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

3
\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M




M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

@)B
Q

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T


#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@


T0Q

M3E0M4TE:13H@


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-4

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P




L
3`W+#8Q-3PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q




+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0W-24^(#QD



+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@

'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!



M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



BPV.3@\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




C4V9F9D8U\P
M9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

M86X]

#$S


]


]

M25I%.B`Q

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@



M1D].5#H@


&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]2
M1$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9




M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19



M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@36%R8V@F(S$V,#LS,2P\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@


M.B`Q



M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

M13H@


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0Q





@

#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M

'!T)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C@\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


M
'!T)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97



M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


63H@
M5&EM97


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV



#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P
M,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P





+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0W




+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U19




M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S


M.B`Q

63H@

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


M63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

@3F5W

U
RPV
#@\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U19

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M;&4]

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

13H@


M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M


'!T

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3(U-F9F9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?
M-64U.6$T.&$R

O4VAE970S
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M5$%.1TE3$4@05-31513(A486)L97



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#


]



]

63H@)U1I


T0G1D].




M.B`Q


T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

3!P=#L@5D52

M




M


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97





P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0Q




+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M2%0Z(#0P


3!P


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/

'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-4

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M4TE:13H@




+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]


M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M13H@

T0Q



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%




M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


'!T
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/

'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0X



@=6YD97(@
M36-


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q




M

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T

M.B`G5&EM97

M/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

M

63H@)U1I;65S



M;&4]


M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O


M;&4]


38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
C
E(&-O;'-P86X]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0W-24^(#QD



M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%

M34E

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M13H@


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B




38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L





M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M





[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$



3!P

M=VED=&@]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M;6%R:W

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

'!T
M)SX@-3

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E



T0G


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P




+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV('-T




M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M13H@

T0Q




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


38P.SPO9&EV



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M


M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G5$58


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T





T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M


#`\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

'!T)SX@.3DT+#`P
#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@
C@L-#@P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S


M.B`Q

63H@

24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T.R!&



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4E1)0T%
+4%



M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

CDL


M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T


'!T)SY


'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV







P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)

M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M




'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


T0G

M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

M


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E



T0G


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P




+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV('-T



RPS

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M5&EM97



M

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M


+4%
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

M

3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'



M.B`Q
'!T)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q



'!T


M8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X@/&1I=B!S='EL


'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T

T0G


&EN.R!7
M24142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9



6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P





P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0Q
24@8V]L



3(\+V1I

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M0T%
+4%
6QE/3-$)U1%


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



PS-SD\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0W-24^




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

@3F5W(%)O

C$\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV




M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

'!T)SX@

M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

'!T)SX@1&ES

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P




+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV('-T




M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@
38V+#DW.#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M97


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@
M
3(L

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


38P.SPO9&EV



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B

3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E



T0G1D].

2PX-3

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q



+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q

M4TE:13H@

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M3E0M4TE:13H@



M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%




M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V


T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M63H@5&EM97


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



3PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

]
T1R



M13H@


3!P

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M(&]F('1H92!N97AT(&9I=F4@9FES8V%L('EE87)S(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M


M4TE:13H@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@


3$%0




#`P
M

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q





T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$







M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ




'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E



38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L





'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U19




M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$



M


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@
M-C
U+#0S

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P




'!T
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

S4L-#

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0X-R4^




+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!M:61D
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV



#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?
M-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y

S(N:'1M







T0Q/C$R


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^






]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I



Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0R
R4@8V]L



Q
M-C`[



M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#QT


M25I%.B`Q


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M97

#$R


M3TY4+49!34E


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE

'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P




M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!L


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


'!T)SY&;W)E:6=N(')E=F]L=FEN9R!C

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97


M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M25I%.B`Q

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

M13H@


'!T)SXD
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E



T0G1D].

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

M5#H@




M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q



'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U19




M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$



M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T


'!T)SY+96QT:6
@1F%C:6QI='D@*$

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



R
3PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M97

M.2PX

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#$T

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$U

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P



M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



M14E'2%0Z(#0P


#8Q+#0Q

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\+V1I=CX@



'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M


3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].
M5#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M0T%
+4%

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N
C5I;CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


63H@)U1I











2!2871E(&UI;G5S(#$N-S`E+B!4:&4@8F%L86YC92!O
M;B!T:&4@8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71I97
@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@;F]T97


#$S(&5X8VAA;F=E(')A=&4I(&%N
M9`D,!A=!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q


@3F5W

M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ('1O

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


3!P





M25I%.B`Q

38P.S(P

2PU

M960@:6X@97AC:&%N9V4@9F]R(&-R961I='




M=!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@)#(Q


@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@;&]N9RUT
M97)M(&QI86)I;&ET:65S+CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE/B`\

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B


M;W1H.TU!4D=)3CH@


3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C
M;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X@/'1R('-T

+4%

T0G5TE$
M5$@Z(#`N

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



M25I%.B`Q

3$L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%N9!#0BU54T$@
M96YT97)E9!I;G1O('1H92!+96QT:6





#`P+#`P
#PO




M.B`G5&EM97


38P.R8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG



#`L
M







M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



@86UE
M;F1E9P@=&AE()

M



@;VX@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


M




63H@)U1I;65S($YE




@9&5F


M92!

L-3`P+#`P


@9&5F:6YE




#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S


'!X









M861D:71I;VX@=&\@82`D-#`L
#`P(&-O;6UI=&UE;G0@9F5E('!A:60@:6X@
M8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!&:7)S=!!;65N9&UE;G0@86YD(0W

M:71H('1H92!396-O;F0@06UE;F1M96YT+!+96QT:6,@=VEL;!A;'-O(')E
M8V5I=F4@86X@86YN=6%L(&9A8VEL:71Y(&9E92!I;B!A;B!A;6]U;G0@97%U
M86P@=&\@


#`P(&%F

'!T
M(#`N-6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



3!P=#MC







M;65N='



M=X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M;G0@:6YC;'5D97
@;F5G871I=F4@8V]V96YA;G1S('1H870L(&%M;VYG(&]T

X
C$W.W
@86)I

M:6)U=&EO;G

M


M
'!T(#`N-6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M+!P87EM96YT(&1E9F%U;'1S+!V:6]L871I;VYS(&]F(&%F9FER;6%T:79E




@=6YD97(@=&AE($QO


'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[

'!T(#`N-6EN
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)B
Q-C`[)B


3!P=#MC







M

M(#



#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+`D-BPU
#$L
S(Q(&%N9`D,RPX-#DL.#,Q+!R




@3F5W


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@,&EN(#!P
M=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M

XR-6EN)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M.B`Q



M;W1H.TU!4D=)3CH@



BPU
#`L
#`P

2P@
C`Q
RX@

;V%N(&UA='5R97
@
M;VX@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M







M3U(@4F%T92!P;'5S(#8N-S4E(&%N9`H8RD@-RXU,4N($EN=&5R97-T(&ES











63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


@:&%D







M3&]A;BP@:6YC;'5D:6YG($9R;W-T($=A;6UA($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(%1R=7-T


M:&]L9&5R(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY+!-87)K($4N($%N9')E=W,L($E)22`H
M)#4P+#`P,DL(&$@9&ER96-T;W(@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86YD('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@0VAA:7)M86XL(&%N9!A;B!A9F9I;&EA=&4@;V8@
M4FEC:&%R9!*+B!
86UP96X@*0U,PP








]



63H@)U1I;65S





M



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W




38P.V5N9&EN9R8C
38P.TUA

Q-C`[










M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B


'!T
M)SX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]


38P.SPO





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E



T0G


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


T0G


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@W)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M


M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q


3!P


M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V


T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

M
'!T)SX@)B

M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




CDX+#
P.#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\U
C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3
O





]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

@*%1A



]



T1T;W`^4V-H961U
M;&4@;V8@169F96-T:79E($EN8V]M92!487@@4F%T92!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO


63H@)U1I

M3TY4+49!34E






M1#`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0W
24^(#QD:78@



38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


38P.V5N9&5D)B
Q-C`[36%R8V@F
M(S$V
#LS

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T





T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV






T0Q




3

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P






+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P


M.B`Q

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!C



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78@


T+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#QT





24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

@3F5W(%)O

S0N

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

RXX

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q

T0G1D].


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0W

T0G1D].

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U19




M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L




M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@-BXP

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R





'!T.R!615)4


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I

@

#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!



M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M4TE:13H@


T0G

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$



3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0W

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@


'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@*#(N-S(I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@1&5F


M0FQO8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X@/&1I=B!S


'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M



M97




38P.R8C

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


'!T.R!&

M5&EM97

M87(Z8F]T:#M415A4+4%
24=..DQE9G0[4$]3251)3TXZ(')E;&%T:79E)SX@

Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O

Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O
M;&ED.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(
Y96(V8V4@


T0P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@/'1R/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(W)2!C

'!T)SX@36%R8V@F
M(S$V
#LS

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T





T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV






T0Q




3

M

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T




'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U19

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M




+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


M;&4]

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

@3F5W

#
L

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!



[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0W

T0G1D].



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G5$58


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


T0G


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M4TE:13H@

T0W


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



M3E0M4TE:13H@


M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!R:6=H

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q

T0G


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P




+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV('-T




M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M

T0W

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV



RPP

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R

'!T)SX@
2PS
#8L

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


34Q
M.R!5+E

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P


3!P


M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T




3L@9F]R96EG;CPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

@3F5W

#`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

'!T)SX@
2PY
M
38L

3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV('-T



M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M



M(#0P



24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@

'!T)SX@
BPP

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T





T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E


M(#0P




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P



M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I


1494
M.B`Q
G!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q


M(#
U+#
Y-RPP

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$






P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@*#
U+#
Y-RPP

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\



T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


'!T)SY.970@9&5F97)R960@87-S970\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M13H@


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


38P.SPO9&EV


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

@3F5W(%)O


'!T.R!615)424-!



6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M4TE:13H@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


'!T.R!6

63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


'!T
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M
'!T)SX@*#$L




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0Q

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0Q

T0G


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

'!T)SY.970@9&5F97)R960@


6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M9&]U8FQE.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


2PV-C8L-#4V*3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M13H@


'!T)SXD
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
B4^(#QD



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B








]

]
T1T



T1T;W`^







M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M
#LF(S$V

'!T.V-L96%R
M.F)O=&@[34%21TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M3CI


Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
SDE/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG



M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

T0R

M;&4]

F(S$V
#M/=71S=&%N9&EN9SPO



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@


T0G


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P

'!T)SX@)B
Q


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E

M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

#`P




M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`P


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%

M0T%
+4%
6QE


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV





38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4


'!T
M)SX@)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE


M97

M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W





M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M

'!T)SX@5V5I9VAT960\+V1I=CX@




38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7


M34E



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].


3!P



6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E


M=VED=&@]
T0Q


38P



M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E


M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B


M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B


24=..B!L



@

#L\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
M

@3F5W(%)O

:69E)B
Q-C`[:6X\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]






+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M




+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
SDE/B`\9&EV('-T





T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97









M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]



T0Q

M



M13H@


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@



M

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V



M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M/3-$

'!T)SX@5F%L=64\+V1I=CX@




38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4




M

#$@)B
Q-3$[(0P+C(U/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T





P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@
M-C
Q+#0P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T.R!&



T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0



T0Q

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].

M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


38P.SPO9&EV


M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

'!T
M)SX@

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G

U

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@

'!T)SX@-RXV-#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97







38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#,Y)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M



M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R



'!T)SX@-C@L
#`P

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U19

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@




38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\



M=VED=&@]
T0Q



M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M



M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R



'!T)SX@)B
Q-3$[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)4

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@

M=&@]



#$@)B
Q
M-3$[(0V+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE


M97

M



38P.SPO9&EV



T0Q


3!P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E



M
'!T)SX@

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


'!T)SX@)B
Q

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P





M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4


M5&EM97

M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


3!P


[
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$




M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97








M8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


V/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$




M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M

M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B



M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

6QE/3-$)U1%


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%



M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B


34Q.R`D.2XP
#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F
M9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3TY4+49!34E

M8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M3E0M4TE:13H@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97








M8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M3E0M4TE:13H@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$





M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

@

#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV





M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M8V
6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-3$[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].


3!P


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q


38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'



M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

@3F5W

#L\+V1I



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@


M

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

@



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$



M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@



'!T)SX@-RXQ

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


6QE


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


M.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].

24=..B!L



@


M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



T1T;W`^4V-H
M961U;&4@;V8@3F]N=F5S=&5D(%-H87)E($%C=&EV:71Y(%M486)L92!497AT



'!T(#!P



@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M;G

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
M

'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M13H@


M4TE:13H@





M($)/4D1%4BU




M/3-$




38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$






38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS


'!T)SX@)B

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]

M5&EM97




M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#QT





M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M



M4TE:13H@

T0Q

M


M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T


'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

M13H@




M34E

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q


M


'!T)SX@)B
Q

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

'!T


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M


M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@,BPV.#@L,3`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U19




M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q



S(\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


'!T
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/

'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P






M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

@3F5W(%)O


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q


M(#`N

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


'!T
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV



#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M




M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV



#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P
M,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

M;&4]


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G5$58


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'



M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV('-T



24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
B4^(#QD



M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE
M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R



'!T.R!615)424-!






'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U19




M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
M
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

T0G5$58


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B


]





M:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M3TY4+49!34E


'!T.V-L96%R

M9#L@0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(,Y96(V8V4@,'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T)SX@)B
Q



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6



'!T.R!615)424-!



M25I%.B`Q


6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([





M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S


'!T)SX@
C`Q
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P



M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SXU+C4@+2`V+C(U/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



M3E0M4TE:13H@


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

'!T)SXV-3PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

]





C=P=#L@1D].5#H@





M



M+49!34E

M25I%.B`Q

'!T.V-L96%R.F)O

M0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(,Y96(V8V4@,'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ



M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[


M3TY4+49!34E






38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

38P.S

3(\

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P
M,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-4

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P






M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M




M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


3!P


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P




+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV('-T



M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M4TE:13H@



M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I

'!T)SXP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q

M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B

3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E



M13H@

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

]
M

]
T1T97AT

]


]

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






M1D].5#H@


&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]2
M1$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9




M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q




M





24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B


'!T)SX@
M)B



M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T




38P.SPO9&EV







M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


3!P


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M


3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T

'!T)SX@)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




63H@)U1I;65S


M.B`Q

63H@

24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!C96YT97([

'!T.R!6


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
R4@8V]L



M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

S$L(#(P
3$\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!



M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'


M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].

M=&@]

'!T)SXD/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

@3F5W(%)O

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B



'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

3)P





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M




M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV



#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P


3!P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)

M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-3$[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E


M4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`Q
G!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[




M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@
M*#(V
RPV

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


'!T)SX@)B
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M


M.B`Q

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0W
24^(#QD



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q

T0G1D].


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0W

T0G1D].


M+!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!



'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M



3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0W




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M




+4%
6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

@

#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

'!T)SX@1W)A

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$U

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV




M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


34Q.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3TY4+49!34E

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78@


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M




M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV



#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P
M,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M86)L92P@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

'!T.R!6



M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO


]



M;&4]

'!T(#`N-6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

Q-C`[(#QU/E-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G
\+W4^(#QF


63H@)U1I;65S

#L\

'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[34%2
M1TE..B`P:6X@
&EN(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.V-L96%R.F)O=&@[5$585U!3$E'3CI
969T.U!/


Y96(V8V4@
M
'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

!S;VQI9<@8V5L;'-P86-I;F<],T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!A


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


M13H@


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


38P.V5N9&5D)B
Q-C`[36%R8V@F(S$V
M
#LS

M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T










3

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M






+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W

@

#L\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T


'!T
M)SX@)B


T0Q
M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P

M97

M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV




13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

M
'!T)SX@)B


M

'!T)SX@)B



T0Q




3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G







+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]




M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

M13H@

M15A4+4%

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4







M


'!T)SX@)B
Q

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W


M

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

'!T.R!615)4

63H@

24=..B!C

M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19


63H@)U1I;65S


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$





+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
M

@3F5W(%)O

\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0T
R4^(#QD



[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P
M,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





T0Q

M;&4]

#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].

M=&@]
T0Q




M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`P+C

3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P


3!P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#QT


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q




3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R





'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[




M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@



M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0T


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%




M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q




M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




+4%
24=.
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV




[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

M;&4]


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0T

M;&4]


'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
M
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

'!T)SX@-BPS

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4


@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


@3F5W

#L\+V1I

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


@

#L\

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M97

M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#QT


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0S)3X@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$



24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@


'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

@3F5W

#`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M3E0M4TE:13H@




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P


38P.SPO



M;W5B;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV('-T




M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG<V5R
M:68G.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0G/B`F(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T





T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M4TE:13H@


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!R:6=H

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

@

#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

'!T)SX@


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




M-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y







]



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@


S$L(#(P
3


@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@


]



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@9F]L

'!T.V-L96%R.F)O




M


M9VX]

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


38P.V5N9&EN9R8C

Q-C`[


M+49!34E




3!P

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

#`G

M97

#$T

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M4TE:13H@


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

3!P=#L@5D52

M



34\+V1I=CX@

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M3TY4+49!34E




'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@W)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P





+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0X-R4^(#QD:78@



M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97



63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S


M-3(U-F9F9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E
M7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y

S8N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M



]
M
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




T1T;W`^

63H@)U1I





@9G)O;2!T:&4@52Y3
M+B!A;F0@9F]R96EG;B!C;W5N=')I97


63H@

'!T


M1E0Z(,Y96(V8V4@,'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P
M,4[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ



T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P

'!T)SX@)B

M2%0Z(#0P




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG

38P.V5N9&5D)B
Q
M-C`[36%R8V@F(S$V
#LS

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

T0R
R4@

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

3
\



'!T)SX@)B
Q

M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@
C`Q

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0U
M



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P





M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'



M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


38P.SPO9&EV




T0Q

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M






+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M97



'!T
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/

'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-4

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV




M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

'!T)SX@
3(N
SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$





'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$






P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q




M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU
M3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

@

2PQ
C0L
M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4


M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0Q

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0U



M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U14
M3TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M



'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O
M=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@


T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M;&4]

XP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@


'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


T0G1D].


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P
M,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z
M(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P
M,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

T0G


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z
M(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].


M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0U

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


'!T)SX@)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U19




M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

'!T)SX@26YT

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



6QE

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M




63H@
M5&EM97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$



M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M




+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

@3F5W(%)O


'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[




M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%




M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V


T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

M
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

T0Q




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0U



M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E


'!T.R!6


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@*#0L-#
Q+#@T.D\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P


XP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

'!T)SX@*#


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M15A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S


M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S


'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S


'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV('-T




M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M4TE:13H@

T0Q


3!P


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0U
M



'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U19





M


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@



'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M


M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M4TE:13H@

T0Q


3!P


M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

'!T)SX@*#0L
M
C8W+#0T

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M97

M

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M)SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P





+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV




M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


38P.SPO




T0Q

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4TE:13H@

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S



M:6YG/&)R+SX@)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[26YT97)E

3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T




M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



XP/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[





M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@*#4L
C
R+#

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV





+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q

M4TE:13H@

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

M
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M





M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P





M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M





M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P





M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M25I%.B`Q

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M




+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#$V

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M;&4]


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@
30X+#$U

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

'!T)SX@
3`P+C`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV('-T





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q

M13H@

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$





[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W




M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE

'!T
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^




+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M34E

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M97

M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

@3F5W

#L\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E



M

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M
'!T)SX@)B

M13H@


'!T)SXD
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E



T0G1D].



6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W



63H@
M5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@

24=..B!L



63H@)U1I;65S

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q

M13H@


M25I%.B`Q


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0U



M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q



+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q




+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M

M5&EM97


3!P

M=VED=&@]

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[

3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


38P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M4TE:13H@


'!T

3!P=#L@

M=&@]

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


M(#0P




T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


38P.SPO



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

63H@


1494.B`Q
M-W!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



6QE/3-$

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@,RPW,CDL,C8W/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q




M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0U



'!T.R!615)4
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U19




M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M




63H@
M5&EM97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

@3F5W

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

XX/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



1494.B`Q-W!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q


M


M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

'!T.R!6
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!



M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$




M63H@5&EM97

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

'!T)SX@
RPS.38L-38W

3!P=#L@5D52

M

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)

M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

@3F5W(%)O

BPV-S`\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%




M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V


T0Q)3X@

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4

M.B`Q
'!T)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


'!T)SX@)B
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

T0Q


3!P


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV




[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M.B`Q

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0U




'!T
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
M
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q







P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




T0G1D].

XP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE



6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV('-T



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M.B`G5&EM97

M/B`F(S$V



M34E
63H@5&EM97

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$






'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

&EN(#!I;B`P



3!P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(SEE8C9C92`P


3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA




M2%0Z(#0P





38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M-#@E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

'!T)SX@
M07
F(S$V
#MO9B8C

Q-C`[

M

63H@)U1I


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M3TY4+49!34E

M15A4+4%

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
C
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U/B`\

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M

63H@)U1I


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX@)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%




M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\



T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

'!T)SX@
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P





M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0U


M


6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M

M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


24=.

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M+49!34E

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M13H@

T0Q



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M34E
63H@5&EM97

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.

3)P

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SY5;FET960@4W1A=&5S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M
'!T)SX@
S$L

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


3!P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+V1I=CX@

13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


'!T)SX@
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


M63H@5&EM97


[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@


'!T
M)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M





'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^



M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@



+4%
24=..B!M:61D
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV




M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED


'!T
M)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I

'!T)SX@)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M



T0Q



38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M5&EM97

M(S$V

3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M




[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0U




+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

63H@)U1I



M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



6QE

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@




[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

@

#L\


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78@


M15A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=B!S

'!T)SXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B
M;&4^(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

@3F5W(%)O




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A
M95\U934Y830X83(S.3


T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



M04Y$(%-534U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%

T0R/C$R($UO;G1H



]





]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C@T+#@S
M

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S970@26UP

]
T1N=6UP


]


]

\+W1D




M




2PR








M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3(U-F9F9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
M


M;G0]


3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]




RPX
S0L






@;F]T(&EN







]

]
T1P



RPT

S`Q



]



]



M97AT4&%R=%\U
C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3
-



M(&ED/3-$240P14-04,^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M3U))15
@*$1E=&%I;'

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
RPQ





T1T;W`^5&]T

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
3`L-S




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5-0D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#


@3&]C871E9!/=71S:61E(%5N:71E9!3
M=&%T97

]
T1N=6UP/C(R

]

;V-A=&5D($]U



T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='
@5&\@06-Q=6ER92!);G9E;G1O

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3(U-F9F9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U
M.6$T.&$R

O4VAE970T
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M*$1E=&%I;'


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M.#8W+#(X








]
T1N=6UP/C$R




]
T1N=6UP/C$L-3@T+#(W


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1%!#4!;365M8F5R73PO



]
M


]

]







M-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y







]



]
T1T


]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#







]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
30U+#@P


&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U
M.6$T.&$R
SDS#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R-39F
M9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y

M965T-#

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5#1D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@




S$L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1G5R;FET=7)E(&%N9!F


M9VX]






T1T;W`^

38L



&0T8U\T
M
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
















M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U
M934Y830X83(S.3

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O





3(@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


T1T

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
2PR-#
L

M97AT4&%R=%\U
C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3
-





2P@
C`Q

CY-87(N(#


#`P


#`P/'-P86X^





M9VX]
T1T;W`^4FEG:'1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



M















C@L-#@P/'-P




]


]

]
T1R93X-


#0L

#8L



T1T;W`^

BPY-#$\

RPS

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



]




]
T1R




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L




M9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R

O4VAE
M970T-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PT
#0L


]




]




M=&]P/E1R861E;6%R:W


]


]



T1T;W`^4FEG:'1S




#DL



M=&EO;G-H:7!S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


M/3-$=&]P/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]

]



T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@86UO

M

M;7`^-3$Q+#@U


]




]



C4V
M9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M1TE3$4@05-31513(A$971A:6QS(#






]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

U+#0S



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

U+#0S



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

U+#0S




L
3@U+#(S



'0O:'1M



]






]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PW




]

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S




M-3(U-F9F9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E
M7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y




^+RH@


M





]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#


#$R/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


T1T;W`^4F5S



C!A8SL@








]

M3$5!4T4@*$1E=&%I;'

]

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



T1T;W`^3F]T97




M


T1T;W`^3F]T
M92!087EA8FQE(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





C$Q
M+#4X

M;7`^
C$Q+#4X





]

]
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#0Y+#@S



M;2!
;V%N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@




&%C.S
U






M8V@@
S$L(#(P
3


T1T;W`^26X@1&5C96UB97(@
C`P.2P@1T-0(&ES

2PU.#`@



M




Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R


@86YD(&%F9FEL:6%T97

Q
M+`R,#$S(&%N9`R


]
T1I




C`Q

M($9A8VEL:71Y('1O(&EN8W)E87-E('1H92!A=F%I;&%B:6QI='D@*'-U8FIE



#`P+#`P
M



@86YD(&-O;F1I=&EO;G
I(&]F

#`L
#`P('1O(0X
M+#`P,PP
#`@9F]R('1H92!P=7)P;W-E(&]F('!R;W9I9&EN9R!T:&4@0V]M

@

'!I<F5S(&]N($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q







M9B!T:&4@5F%L=64@*&%S(&1E9FEN960@:6X@=&AE($QO86X@06=R965M96YT

@
M9&5F:6YE9!I;B!T:&4@3&]A;B!!9W)E96UE;G0I+`H:6DI(0S+#4P,PP
M





M)2P@*&(I('1H92!
24)/4B!2871E('!L=7


M;B!A9&1I=&EO;B!T;R!A(0T,PP




!P97(@;6]N=&@@*&EN8W)E87-E9!T;R`D
BPP
#`@


@86YD(&%F9FER



L





N5&AE($QO86X@






M;&P@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@=6YD97(@=&AE($QO86X@06=R965M96YT('1O(&)E

@






@:6X@8V]M

2PS


#`@
M*'1H92!497)M($QO86XI('1H870@=V%S('5S960@9F]R('1H92!P=7)C:&%S





L(&]N('1H92!F



@
RXR



M3&]A;B!W:71H:6X@
34@8F%N:VEN9R!D87ES(&9R;VT@=&AE(&-O;7!L971I











M-3`P+#`P


L($E)22`H)#4P
M+#`P

M($HN($QA;7!E;B`H)#4P+#`P







I('!U

M;G-T86QL;65N='
@;V8@)#$U+#`P

M86QE9`D,BPT.38L,#`P(&%N9`D


M=%\U
C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3




M240P14%*04


S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]


30\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@








]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q





CDX+#




C4V9F9D8U\P
M9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3

M;G0]




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M

3X\

3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'



M/3-$

M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

3X\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@


M
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^1552(@F(W@R,&%C.RD\8G(^/]T


#$R/&)R
M/D=#4!.;W1E(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@

]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#


S$L(#(P
3

M1V%M;6$@26YV97-T;65N='

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#





]







]


]


]


]


]


]



]

C`R


]


]


]


]


]


]









]


]


]


]


]


]


]

C$Q+#4X


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q


3$L-3@P

M
C$Q+#4X

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]






]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@L
#`P+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/E1H92!F86-I




]















M
S0[1&5F875L=8C,S0[(&]R(8C




M9B!T:&4@5&5R;2!

@9G)O;2!T


;V%N(&EN(&%N(&%M;W5N


M86QL(&9E97







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^3&]N9RU497)M($QI
















]


2XP

]
M


M(&]F('1H92`F(S
T.U9A;'5E)B
S-#L@*&%S(&1E9FEN960@:6X@=&AE($QO


T.T5L



@*&
I('1H92!A9V=R

M:&4@3&]A;B!!9W)E96UE;G0I(&EN(&5F9F5C=!A=!S=6-H('1I;64N/'-P
















]


]


]


]


]


]


M=7)R96YC92!O9B!A;F0@9'5R:6YG('1H92!C;VYT:6YU86YC92!O9B!A;B!%


]




















]
T1N=6UP/C$N










]





T1T
M;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N=!&964@4&%Y86)L93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C



M=&%L;&UE;G0@06UO=6YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]











C
Y
PT*



]

M:60]


M*$1E=&%I;'




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

]




@




























]


]



]



#$\




#`L
M









M='
@
C`Q


]
T1T97AT









]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP




M961S(&9R;VT@27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@4')I=F%T92!0;&%C96UE;G0\+W1D/@T*

]



T1T;W`^1&ER96-T;W)S
M+$]F9FEC97)S+$]T:&5R($%F9FEL:6%T97


]


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'







M9F9I;&EA=&5S(%M-96UB97)=('P@4')I=F%T92!0;&%C96UE;G0@6TUE;6)E

]




]


T1T;W`^1&ER96-T;W)S+$]F9FEC97)S
M+$]T:&5R($%F9FEL:6%T97








&0T8U\T
M
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R

O4VAE970U-2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M24].($9/4B!)3D-/344@5$%815
@*$1E=&%I;'



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P




]
T1N=6UP/C



]

S0N
SDE

]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+C$W)2D\







]


]
T1N=6UP/C8N
#`E/'-P86X^

]




C
Y
M



]
T1R97!O




T1T

]



T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;B!C



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`U+#`P



]




]

C@P
M+#`P







]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#8S+#`P

T1T;W`^3F5T(&]P97)A=&EN

@+2!5+E
N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

2PV
C
L

S`L
#$R+#`P


]



]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#`P/'-P

]








]











M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#`S-RPP

2PQ.#4L
38T*3QS


#@I


C4V
M9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


]


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#


]


]
'!E;G-E($)E;F5F:70@4&5R:6]D($]F(%)E8V]G;FET:6]N/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ-2!Y96%R<SQS<&%N/CPO


T1T;W`^1&5F97)R


30X+#$U


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
W+#0P



]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#`S+#`P



T1T;W`^1&]M
M97-T:6









M9'



]




#`L



I(&9R;VT@0V]N=&EN=6EN9R!/



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34T+#
R.#QS





]

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\

]
M

]




@17AE




]
T1T97AT


T1T


S







]
T1R;SX-

M



]


M+#
S

]






]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@






]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R9CA?
M8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3

T0G=&5X





]


]
T1N=6UP/C@L



]








]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^

BPT
S


@3VYE(%M-96UB





]








]

Q+#0P


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4U+#
U



]

]


]


:6UI=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M97




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]P=&EO;G







]
T1N=6UP/C
L
38P+#`U.#QS

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(W+#`X


]







M86QI9VX]





]

#`P/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XX
CQS

]



]
T1P



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2XP

]
M







M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ,!M;VYT:'
@
B!D87ES



]
T1N=6UP/C$X
2PP










]


]











M







M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]P=&EO;G







]


]

]
M

3@T+#`P


]

M







T1T



M/3-$=&]P/D%G9W)E9V%T92!);G1R:6YS:6
@5F%L=64\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]

]


]


:6UI=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@





M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]P=&EO;G




]


]


]


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3(U-F9F9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X
M7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R

O4VAE970V








]
T1N=6UP/C








38L


]

M/3-$;G5M/B@Y
34L

]
M


]
T1N
M=6UP/C

]
T1P


]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]
T1R





CQS



]



S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]


]








]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]

@-B!M;VYT:'





]


]

]
T1N







M7S4R-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y
PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)










]

]
T1T97AT/C

@
R!M;VYT:'
@








M+R\O0SHO-3(U-F9F9&-?
&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS+U=O

O4VAE970V
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]






]


]

]
T1N=6UP


2PW-30L





]

2PU-#
L






]




]




]

]
M







M87)T7S4R-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y
PT*0V]N





]

M
T1)1#!%


]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]




S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



#`S/&)R/E-T;V-K($EN8V5N
M=&EV92!0;&%N(#(P
#

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`P

M4&QA;B`R

2P@
C`P

M=&]C:R!);F-E;G1I=F4@4&QA;B`R


M+B`S
2P@

#`S(%M-96UB

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

@3F]V
M96UB97(@





#$S/&)R/D=E;F5R

2P@
C`Q







































]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/C$P('EE87)S/'-P86X^

























]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
R





]


]


]


]


]


]






L($5X97)C:7-A8FQE+!796EG:'1E9!!




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


3


X









]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N










]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M8V4@;V8@=&AE(#(P

@:7
@97%U86P@=&\@
3(U)2!O9B!T


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]

@27-S=65D($%T($9A:7(@5F%L=64\+W1D/@T*


#(R/'-P86X^
















2PP.3@L


M
















]



]


]


]


]


]


]






]






L-C@U+#$Y





V+#4V


]

]



#`L












L.#@X



]


]

]
M

]
T1R93X-





]




M-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y





]

T1)1#!%4D@^#0H@(`@(`\

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


M=&]P/C(P


M
T1T;W`^


M

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B
M86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y




^


M1$E$






#$Q/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^1'5B;&EN(%M-96UB97)=/&)R
M/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q




S$L(#(P
3
\





;VYG+71E



M1&YU;7`^)B-X
C!A8SL@
C$Q+#@V


]














C
L



]

\

M+#8P


]






#$U/'-P86X^
























]
T1N=6UP/C
R-2PP.#(\

M
C
L















]

]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^16%R;B!/=70@4&%Y
M;65N='

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]



]


]


]


]


]


]


&0T8U\T
F8X7V)A865?
M-64U.6$T.&$R
SDS#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R
M-39F9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\




S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]





]



T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A




]



]




M


]


]




XY,4\

M9F1C7S!D-&-?-#)F.%]B86%E7S5E-3EA-#AA
C
Y






]





]

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^

]
M


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]
T1N=6UP/B0@





#`N

]
M

]




]
T1F;CX\


]


#`N


]
T1F

]


]

]




]


BPS
C4I/'-P86X^



;W-S*2!!


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]



]



30X+#$U


]
T1N=6UP/C




]
M
T1N=6UP/C$P















RXQ









M=&EO;G


]


]

]
T1N=6UP




]





]



]




BXW




]







2PU




]


]


M075T:&]R:71Y(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






]


3DV/'-P


]


]




]



]


T1T;W`^5&]T



]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/CDY+C0P

]







]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]

]
T1P

;W-S($%T









]


]

]




]
T1F

]


]



]









]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]



]


M9VX]


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

BPX





]

]
T1R




]
T1R


]

]
M


T1T;W`^








M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@





]
T1R


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


M;&5S(%)E=F5N=64@1V]O9'
@4&5R8V5N=&%G92!.970\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@






]





C@V+#4U



T1T;W`^4V%L97




]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5VEN92!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/CDP
2PV



M=64@1V]O9'


M
BXU

]
T1R:#X-



]
M


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]





]






T1T;W`^6S%=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
C4V9F9D8U\P9#1C7S0R
M9CA?8F%A95\U934Y830X83(S.3

M;V9F:6-E.F]F9FEC92(^#0H@/&\Z36%I;D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K
M8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`U+FAT;6PB

T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C4N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#
R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S
M,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S0N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970S-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M

X+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z

M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M

`
end












Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.BB)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386940&amp;loc=d3e100047-122729
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 5
 -Section BB
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.BB)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386940&amp;loc=d3e100047-122729
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 5
 -Section BB

Carrying amount (lower of cost or market) as of the balance sheet date of inventories less all valuation and other allowances. Excludes noncurrent inventory balances (expected to remain on hand past one year or one operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386567&amp;loc=d3e3927-108312
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765














Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Sales
 net
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 2
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688

This element represents that
 the amount of reversal of provision for obsolete inventory.
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688


The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688

The other noncash expense
 not otherwise specified in the taxonomy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688

Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets
 other than goodwill.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 9
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=16385135&amp;loc=d3e33749-111570
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.12)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 11
 -Article 7

The aggregate foreign currency transaction gain (loss) (both realized and unrealized) included in determining net income for the reporting period. Excludes foreign currency transactions designated as hedges of net investment in a foreign entity and intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term nature
 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements. For certain enterprises
 primarily banks
 that are dealers in foreign exchange
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450189&amp;loc=d3e30690-110894
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450222&amp;loc=d3e30840-110895
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450189&amp;loc=d3e30700-110894
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 52
 -Paragraph 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.10)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879574&amp;loc=d3e536633-122882
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 10
 -Article 9
Interest expense
 net

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6515339
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4K
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591552-111686
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4J
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591551-111686
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 A5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733093&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733093&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4J
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591551-111686
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 A5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 130
 -Paragraph 10
 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A7
 -Appendix A
Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 87-21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Equity impact of aggregate cash
 stock
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 405
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957935&amp;loc=d3e64057-112817
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Statement of Position (SOP)
 -Number 01-6
 -Paragraph 14
 -Subparagraph l
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1377-109256
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Net loss per common share
 basic and diluted
 attributable to common shareholders (in dollars per share)
Weighted average shares used in computation
 basic and diluted
Sales
 net and Cost of sales include excise taxes of $5
964
374 and $5
460
754 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.












  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      


      
      
      


      
      


      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    

 2013


 2012


 2011

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













Years ending March 31

Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275

Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275

Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275

Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275

Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275

Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the total year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.












    
  
      

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Noncurrent

346

255

275

089




        
          

        
          
            

 generally by contractual agreements or regulatory requirements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

243
058

126
010


        

572)
        


        

800

048


        

286

243
058




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

692

272


        

660

316


        

404
000

906
061


        

000
        


Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Series A convertible Preferred stock
 shares issued

701

897


Series A convertible Preferred stock
 shares outstanding

701

897


        

876
530

327
262


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

773
034

052
067


Common stock
 shares outstanding

773
034

052
067




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
 the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Mergers
 Acquisitions and Dispositions Disclosures [Text Block]
 On October 12
 2006
 the Company acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of McLain &amp; Kyne. Under the McLain &amp; Kyne purchase agreement
 as amended
 the Company paid contingent consideration to the sellers based on the financial performance of certain assets of the acquired business through March 31
 2011. The Company is also required to pay contingent consideration
 based on the case sales of Jefferson&#8217;s Presidential Select bourbon for a specified amount of cases
 rather than a fixed period of time. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the sellers earned $145
800 and $117
048
 respectively
 under this agreement. The earn-out payments have been recorded as an increase to goodwill.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including leverage buyout transactions (as applicable)
 and divestitures.  This may include a description of a business combination or divestiture (or series of individually immaterial business combinations or divestitures) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and assets and liabilities recognized and reclassified or sold. This element does not include fixed asset sales and plant closings.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;NOTE 11 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;FOREIGN CURRENCY FORWARD CONTRACTS&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-WEIGHT: normal&gt;The Company enters into forward contracts from time to time to reduce its exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. The Company recognizes in the balance sheet derivative contracts at fair value
 and reflects any net gains and losses currently in earnings. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had no forward contracts outstanding. Gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts
 which was de minimis during the periods presented
The entire disclosure for foreign currency transactions and translation. This may include description of foreign currency transactions
 foreign currency gains and losses
 explanation of change in cumulative translation adjustment
 description of effect of subsequent foreign currency exchange rate change
 cumulative translation adjustment movement
 foreign currency translation adjustment by component movement
 translation adjustment for net investment hedge movement
 adjustment for long-term intercompany transactions
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 18
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6915805&amp;loc=d3e32157-110900
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450222&amp;loc=d3e30857-110895
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450189&amp;loc=d3e30690-110894
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450222&amp;loc=d3e30840-110895
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450189&amp;loc=d3e30700-110894
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6915805&amp;loc=d3e32211-110900
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450520&amp;loc=d3e32618-110901
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 52
 -Paragraph 30
 31
 32
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.













    
  
      

          

        

      










        

964
374

460
754




        
          

        
          
            

 which are then deducted as a cost of sales. Includes excise taxes
 which are applied to specific types of transactions or items (such as gasoline or alcohol); and sales
 use and value added taxes
 which are applied to a broad class of revenue-producing transactions involving a wide range of goods and services.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










Shares
 Outstanding at end of period

120
765
        


Options Exercisable
 Shares

248
958
        


Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
        
        



          

        
        


Shares
 Outstanding at beginning of period

330
599

570
850


Shares
 Granted

800
166

837
349


Shares
 Exercised
        
        


Shares
 Forfeited

000)

600)


Shares
 Outstanding at end of period

120
765

330
599


Options Exercisable
 Shares

248
958

736
600


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding at beginning of year
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Excersiced
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Forfeited
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding at end of period
        
        


Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Weighted average fair value of grants during the period
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

323

362


Accounts receivable - net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $70
692 and $411
272
 respectively

025
358

268
432


        

226

640


Inventories - net of allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $461
660 and $290
316
 respectively

731
962

732
698


        

834

331


        

483
703

392
463


        

641

840


Investment in non-consolidated affiliate
 at equity

700

850


Intangible assets - net of accumulated amortization of $5
404
000 and $4
906
061
 respectively

805
913

302
288


        

286

243
058


        

346

275


        

506

003


        

117
095

354
777


        
        
        


        

407
        


        

301
524

771
140


        

243

618


        

351
957

584
270


        

536
131

798
028


        
        
        


        

501
321

849
831


Inventory term loan (including $600
000 of related party participation at March 31
 2013)

496
000
        


        

580

580


        

374

098
108


        

666
456

814
608


        

206
862

772
155


        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 $.01 par value
 25
000
000 shares authorized
 6
701 and 6
897 shares of series A convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively (liquidation value of $7
876
530 and $7
327
262 at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively)

013

965


Common stock
 $.01 par value
 225
000
000 shares authorized
 108
773
034 and 108
052
067 shares issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively

087
730

080
520


        

661
542

639
228


        

270
623)

076
608)


        

918
094)

801
656)


        

627
568

910
449


        

282
665

173


        

910
233

582
622


        

117
095

354
777




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually upon payment of a specified amount. Warrants are carried at fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 14
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
 -Paragraph 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 and the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 as of the balance sheet date
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 generally by contractual agreements or regulatory requirements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



















Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568447-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568740-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4I
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4590271-111686

Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568447-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568740-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4I
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4590271-111686
BALANCE
 at Mar. 31
 2011

BALANCE (in shares)
 at Mar. 31
 2011
The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4K
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591552-111686
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4J
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591551-111686
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 A5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733093&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4K
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591552-111686
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4J
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591551-111686
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 A5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733093&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Net of tax and reclassification adjustments of the change in the balance sheet adjustment that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency of the reporting entity. Also includes the following: gain (loss) on foreign currency forward exchange contracts; foreign currency transactions designated as hedges of net investment in a foreign entity and intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term nature
 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6915805&amp;loc=d3e32211-110900

Net of tax and reclassification adjustments of the change in the balance sheet adjustment that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency of the reporting entity. Also includes the following: gain (loss) on foreign currency forward exchange contracts; foreign currency transactions designated as hedges of net investment in a foreign entity and intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term nature
 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6915805&amp;loc=d3e32211-110900

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5
Issuance of series A convertible preferred stock
 net of issuance costs
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5
Issuance of series A convertible preferred stock
 net of issuance costs
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Issuance of series A convertible preferred stock
 net of issuance costs (in shares)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Issuance of series A convertible preferred stock
 net of issuance costs (in shares)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 4
 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5
Issuance of series A convertible preferred stock
 upon conversion of debt
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 4
 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5
Issuance of series A convertible preferred stock
 upon conversion of debt
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 4
 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21475-112644
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-30)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Issuance of series A convertible preferred stock
 upon conversion of debt (in shares)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 4
 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21475-112644
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-30)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Issuance of series A convertible preferred stock
 upon conversion of debt (in shares)




Aggregate cash
 stock
 and paid-in-kind dividends accrued for preferred shareholders during the period.
Aggregate cash
 stock
 and paid-in-kind dividends accrued for preferred shareholders during the period.
This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415241&amp;loc=d3e4534-113899
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11149-113907
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11178-113907
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A91
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 39
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415241&amp;loc=d3e4534-113899
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11149-113907
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11178-113907
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A91
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 39
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568447-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568740-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4I
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4590271-111686

Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568447-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568740-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4I
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4590271-111686
BALANCE
 at Mar. 31
 2012

BALANCE (in shares)
 at Mar. 31
 2012
The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4K
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591552-111686
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4J
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591551-111686
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 A5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733093&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4K
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591552-111686
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4J
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591551-111686
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 A5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733093&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Net of tax and reclassification adjustments of the change in the balance sheet adjustment that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency of the reporting entity. Also includes the following: gain (loss) on foreign currency forward exchange contracts; foreign currency transactions designated as hedges of net investment in a foreign entity and intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term nature
 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6915805&amp;loc=d3e32211-110900

Net of tax and reclassification adjustments of the change in the balance sheet adjustment that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency of the reporting entity. Also includes the following: gain (loss) on foreign currency forward exchange contracts; foreign currency transactions designated as hedges of net investment in a foreign entity and intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term nature
 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6915805&amp;loc=d3e32211-110900





Aggregate cash
 stock
 and paid-in-kind dividends accrued for preferred shareholders during the period.
Aggregate cash
 stock
 and paid-in-kind dividends accrued for preferred shareholders during the period.
This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415241&amp;loc=d3e4534-113899
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11149-113907
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11178-113907
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A91
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 39
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415241&amp;loc=d3e4534-113899
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11149-113907
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11178-113907
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A91
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 39
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568447-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568740-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4I
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4590271-111686

Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568447-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568740-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4I
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4590271-111686
BALANCE
 at Mar. 31
 2013

BALANCE (in shares)
 at Mar. 31
 2013













 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;NOTE 8 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;RESTRICTED CASH&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif align=justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had &amp;#8364;352
255 or $451
346 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) and &amp;#8364;351
089 or $468
275 (translated at the March 31
 2012 exchange rate)
 respectively
 of cash restricted from withdrawal and held by a bank in Ireland as collateral for overdraft coverage
 creditors&amp;#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty and a revolving credit facility.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; 












    
  
      

          











        

298
308
        

061
411
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

407
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

580
        

580
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

501
321
        

849
831
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

496
000
        
        
        

      
        

      



              

000 or $448
571 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&#x2019; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&#x2019;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &#x20AC;69
761 or $89
407
 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012



              

 GCP issued a promissory note (the &#x201C;GCP Note&#x201D;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580 to Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to shareholders and affiliates. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $211



              

 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Keltic Facility
 a revolving loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (Keltic)
 providing for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a revolving facility of up to $5
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital. The Company and CB-USA are referred to individually and collectively as the Borrower. In July 2012
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment to Keltic Facility to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $5
000
000 to $7
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital.In March 2013
 the Company and CB-USA entered into a Second Amendment to Keltic Facility (as amended
 the Loan Agreement) to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $7
000
000 to $8
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms
 the Keltic Facility expires on December 31
 2016.The Borrower may borrow up to the maximum amount of the revolving facility
 provided that the Borrower has a sufficient borrowing base. The borrowing base equals (a) up to 85% of the aggregate amount of the Borrower&#x2019;s Eligible Receivables (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 plus (b) the least of (i) 50% of the Value (as defined in the Loan Agreement) of the Borrower&#x2019;s Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 (ii) $3
500
000 and (iii) 60% of the Borrowing Capacity (as defined in the Loan Agreement) at such time
 less (c) the aggregate amount of all Reserves (as defined in the Loan Agreement) in effect at such time.The revolving facility interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.75%
 and (c) 6.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the revolving facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable revolving facility interest rate. In addition to a $40
000 commitment fee paid in connection with the First Amendment and $70
000 closing and commitment fee in connection with the Second Amendment
 Keltic will also receive an annual facility fee in an amount equal to 1% per annum of the maximum revolving facility amount and a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2
000 after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default).The Loan Agreement contains standard borrower representations and warranties for asset-based borrowing and a number of reporting obligations and affirmative and negative covenants. The Borrower is required
 among other things
 to provide Keltic with weekly borrowing base certificates
 monthly reports
 annual financial statements and other current and periodic financial
 operating and business records and reports
 as well as tax returns and such other information as Keltic may from time to time request.The Loan Agreement includes negative covenants that
 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&#x2019;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens
 and make distributions or cash dividends.The Loan Agreement specifies certain Events of Default that include
 among others
 payment defaults
 violations of affirmative and negative covenants in the Loan Agreement
 imposition of certain liens
 and events of insolvency and bankruptcy. Upon a Default or Event of Default
 Keltic may terminate or suspend its obligation to make further advances and upon an Event of Default Keltic may
 among other things
 accelerate the facility repayment and declare all obligations under the Loan Agreement to be immediately due and payable.The obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement are secured by the grant of a pledge and security interest over all of the assets of the Borrower.At March 31
 2013
 the Company was in compliance
 in all material respects
 with the covenants under the Keltic Facility. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $6
501
321 and $3
849
831
 respectively



              

 in connection with the Second Amendment to the Keltic Facility
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
500
000 (the Term Loan) that was used for the purchase of bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with their respective terms
 the Term Loan matures on December 31
 2016. The Term Loan interest rate is the rate that
 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Term Loan interest rate. The Borrower is required to pay down the principal balance of the Term Loan within 15 banking days from the completion of a bottling run of bourbon from the bourbon inventory stock purchased on or about the date of the Term Loan in an amount equal to the purchase price of such bourbon. The unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan
 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 all fees
 costs and expenses payable in connection with the Term Loan are due and payable in full on the Maturity Date.Keltic required as a condition to funding the Term Loan that Keltic had entered into a participation agreement (the Participation Agreement) providing for an aggregate of $750
000 of the Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&#x2019;s Chairman
 and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&#x2019;s President and Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants will receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower is party to a fee letter (the Fee Letter) with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower is obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
000. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled $2
496
000 and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date
 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141R
 -Paragraph 68
 -Subparagraph l
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388280&amp;loc=d3e13770-109266
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141R
 -Paragraph 72
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph e
 -Clause 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141R
 -Paragraph 34
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141R
 -Paragraph 72
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13854-109267
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 47
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388280&amp;loc=d3e13777-109266
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (e)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph e
 -Clause 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date
 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141R
 -Paragraph 68
 -Subparagraph l
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388280&amp;loc=d3e13770-109266
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141R
 -Paragraph 72
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph e
 -Clause 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141R
 -Paragraph 34
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.














 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;NOTE 7 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif align=justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif align=justify&gt;In March 2013
 the Company determined to reduce its sales and marketing efforts on its wine brands
 which do not provide a material contribution to the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations. The Company made this decision to optimize its resources and focus on its faster growing and more profitable spirits brands
 and to reduce the levels of working capital required to maintain necessary inventory levels of bulk wine and finished goods. The Company intends to continue selling existing finished goods wine inventory through its current sales channels
 but is actively seeking buyers for large lots and for its bulk wine. In connection with this decision
 the Company recognized a loss of $1
715
728
 consisting of $817
156 on the write-down of net intangible assets and $898
572 in goodwill
 as well as $326
869 charged to the provision for obsolete inventory to adjust both bulk wine and finished goods to estimated net realizable value
 for the year ended March 31



126



243










271

271








096

729

404

906

692

823

112

478

805

302






409

857






404

906

 2013 and 2012 totaled $732
783 and $734
179







185
The entire disclosure for the aggregate amount of goodwill and a description of intangible assets
 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13854-109267
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16373-109275
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16265-109275
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 42
 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.














 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;A.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Description of business&lt;/u&gt; &lt;font style=FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#151; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Castle Brands Inc. (&amp;#8220;the Company&amp;#8221;)
 its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries
 Castle Brands (USA) Corp. (&amp;#8220;CB-USA&amp;#8221;) and McLain &amp;amp; Kyne
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;McLain &amp;amp; Kyne&amp;#8221;)
 the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries
 Castle Brands Spirits Group Limited (&amp;#8220;CB-IRL&amp;#8221;) and Castle Brands Spirits Marketing and Sales Company Limited
 and the Company&amp;#8217;s 60% ownership interest in Gosling-Castle Partners
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;GCP&amp;#8221;)
The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
 &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;B.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Organization and operations&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; The Company is principally engaged in the importation
 marketing and sale of premium and super premium brands of rums
 whiskey
 liqueurs
 vodka and tequila in the United States
 Canada
 Europe
 and Asia. Prior to March 31
 2012
 the vodka
 Irish whiskeys and certain liqueurs were procured by CB-IRL and billed in Euros to CB-USA
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss resting with CB-USA. Beginning April 1
 2012
The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6003-108592
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Statement of Position (SOP)
 -Number 94-6
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;C.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Brands&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; &lt;u&gt;Rum&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; Gosling&amp;#8217;s rums
 a family of premium rums with a 200-year history
 including the award-winning Gosling&amp;#8217;s Black Seal rum
 for which the Company is
 through its export venture GCP
 the exclusive marketer outside of Bermuda
 and Gosling&amp;#8217;s Stormy Ginger Beer

 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Reserve and Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Presidential Select
 Jefferson&amp;#8217;s Rye
 an aged rye whiskey; the Clontarf Irish whiskeys
 a family of premium Irish whiskeys
 available in single malt and classic pure grain versions; Knappogue Castle Whiskey
 a vintage-dated premium single-malt Irish whiskey; and Knappogue Castle 1951

 a premium Irish cream liqueur; Castello Mio
 a super premium Sambuca
 Celtic Honey
 a premium Irish liqueur; pursuant to an exclusive U.S. marketing arrangement
 Pallini Limoncello
 Raspicello and Peachcello premium Italian liqueurs; pursuant to an exclusive global distribution agreement
 Travis Hasse&amp;#8217;s Original&amp;#174; Pie liqueurs
 and pursuant to a U.S. distribution agreement
 Gozio amaretto

 an ultra-pure
 five-times distilled and specially filtered premium vodka. Boru is produced in Ireland and has three flavor extensions (citrus

 super-premium tequila
 Tequila Tierras Autenticas de Jalisco or Tierras. The Company is the exclusive U.S. importer and marketer of Tierras
 which is available as blanco
 reposado and a&amp;#241;ejo.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; 
Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506951
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash Equivalents
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6507016
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4273-108586
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 305
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2122427
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Financial Reporting Release (FRR)
 -Number 203
 -Paragraph 02-03
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Technical Practice Aid (TPA)
 -Number 2110
 -Paragraph 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;E.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Equity investments&lt;/u&gt; - Equity investments are carried at original cost adjusted for the Company&amp;#8217;s proportionate share of the investees&amp;#8217; income
Disclosure of accounting policy for the equity method of accounting for investments in common stock or other interests including unconsolidated subsidiaries
 corporate joint ventures
 noncontrolling interests in real estate ventures
 limited partnerships
 and limited liability companies. The accounting policy may include information such as: (1) initially recording an investment in the stock of an investee at cost; (2) adjusting the carrying amount of the investment to recognize the investor's share of the earnings or losses of the investee after the date of acquisition; and (3) adjustments to reflect the investor's share of changes in the investee's capital (dividends). This disclosure may also include a detailed description of the policy for determining the amount of equity method losses recognized after an investment has been reduced to zero as a result of previous losses
 reasons for not using the equity method when the investor company owns 20 percent or more of the voting stock of the investee's company (including identification of the significant investee)
 reasons for using the equity method when the ownership percentage is less than 20 percent
 and discussion of recognition of equity method losses when an investor's total investment in an investee includes
 in addition to an investment in common stock
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 02-14
 -Paragraph 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-46
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 03-16
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 99-10
 -Paragraph 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.12)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2196966
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 12
 -Article 5
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957238&amp;loc=d3e14064-108612
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 159
 -Paragraph 18
 -Subparagraph f
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (a)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571
Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 16-20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 98-13
 -Paragraph 5
 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Equity Method Investments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;F.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; The Company records trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect anticipated losses on the trade accounts receivable balances. The Company calculates this allowance based on its history of write-offs
Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 3
 4
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Statement of Position (SOP)
 -Number 01-6
 -Paragraph 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7512638&amp;loc=d3e5093-111524
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6378556&amp;loc=d3e10133-111534
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7512638&amp;loc=d3e5212-111524
Trade and Other Accounts Receivable
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;G.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; Revenue from product sales is recognized when the product is shipped to a customer (generally a distributor)
 title and risk of loss has passed to the customer in accordance with the terms of sale (FOB shipping point or FOB destination)
Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18726-107790
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 13
 -Section B
 -Paragraph Question 1
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.B.Q1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6600647&amp;loc=d3e214044-122780
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 22
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18823-107790
Revenue Recognition
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=TEXT-INDENT: 0in; MARGIN: 0in; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;H.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; Inventories are comprised of distilled spirits
 bulk wine
 dry good raw materials (bottles
 labels
 corks and caps)
 packaging and finished goods
 and are valued at the lower of cost or market
 using the weighted average cost method. The Company assesses the valuation of its inventories and reduces the carrying value of those inventories that are obsolete or in excess of the Company&amp;#8217;s forecasted usage to their estimated net realizable value. The Company estimates the net realizable value of such inventories based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage

 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded allowances for obsolete and slow moving inventory of $684
830 and $275
000
 respectively. The Company recorded these allowances on both raw materials and finished goods
 primarily in connection with the disposition of wine brands
 label and packaging changes made to certain brands
Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 17
 -Chapter 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Financial Reporting Release (FRR)
 -Number 206
 -Paragraph b
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
 -Chapter 2
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361739&amp;loc=d3e7789-107766
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section A
 -Paragraph 9
 -Chapter 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386783&amp;loc=d3e4492-108314
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2126999
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386783&amp;loc=d3e4556-108314
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Statement of Position (SOP)
 -Number 81-1
 -Paragraph 69-75
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;I.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Equipment&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; Equipment consists of office equipment
 computers and software and furniture and fixtures. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related depreciation is removed from the accounts
Disclosure of accounting policy for property
 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2155824
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 22
 -Paragraph 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section C
 -Paragraph 5
 -Chapter 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 144
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 34
 -Paragraph 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;J.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Goodwill and other intangible assets&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price including related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized
 but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more frequently if circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. Intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives
 generally on a straight-line basis

 &amp;#8220;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other&amp;#8221;
 impairment of goodwill must be tested at least annually by comparing the fair values of the applicable reporting units with the carrying amount of their net assets
 including goodwill. The required two-step approach uses accounting judgments and estimates of future operating results. Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. The estimates that most significantly affect the fair value calculation are related to revenue growth
 cost of sales
 selling and marketing expenses and discount rates. Impairment testing is done at the reporting level. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s net assets exceeds the unit&amp;#8217;s fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying amount of goodwill over its implied fair value. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination with the fair value of the reporting unit deemed to be the purchase price paid. Rights
 trademarks

 2013 and 2012 by weighting a combination of the present value of the Company&amp;#8217;s discounted anticipated future operating cash flows and values based on market multiples of revenue and earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&amp;#8220;EBITDA&amp;#8221;) of comparable companies. Other than the write-downs of intangible and goodwill related to the wine brands discussed in Note 7
 the Company did not record any impairment on goodwill or other intangible assets for the years ended March 31
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2144471
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 144
 -Paragraph 7-18
 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2144439
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 4
 11-23
 26
 34
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;K.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0.8pt 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;u&gt;Impairment and disposal of long-lived assets&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; Under&amp;#160;ASC&amp;#160;310
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets&amp;#8221;
 the Company periodically reviews whether changes have occurred that would require revisions to the carrying amounts of its definite lived
 long-lived assets. When the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset. The Company did not record an impairment on long-lived assets for the years ended March 31

 the Company determined to reduce its sales and marketing efforts on its wine brands
 which do not provide a material contribution to the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations. The Company made this decision to optimize its resources and focus on its faster growing and more profitable spirits brands
 and to reduce the levels of working capital required to maintain necessary inventory levels of bulk wine and finished goods. The Company intends to continue selling existing finished goods wine inventory through its current sales channels
 but is actively seeking buyers for large lots and for its bulk wine. In connection with this decision
 the Company recognized a loss of $1
715
728
 consisting of $817
156 on the write-down of net intangible assets and $898
572 in goodwill
 as well as $326
869 charged to the provision for obsolete inventory to adjust both bulk wine and finished goods to estimated net realizable value
 for the year ended March 31
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 5
 -Section CC
 -Subsection 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2155824
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 144
 -Paragraph 7-15
 26
 30-37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;L.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Shipping and handling&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; The Company reflects as inventory costs freight-in and related external handling charges relating to the purchase of raw materials and finished goods. These costs are charged to cost of sales at the time the underlying product is sold. The Company also incurs shipping costs in connection with its various marketing activities
 including the shipment of point of sale materials to the Company&amp;#8217;s regional sales managers and customers
 and the costs of shipping product in connection with its various marketing programs and promotions. These shipping charges are included in selling expense and were $1
171
290 and $885
837 for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18726-107790
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 22
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6408196&amp;loc=d3e61069-111654
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Handling Costs
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6514758
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915142&amp;loc=d3e60635-111653
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6408413&amp;loc=d3e221937-122793
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Shipping Costs
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6525344
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 00-10
 -Paragraph 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shipping and Handling Cost
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;M.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Excise taxes and duty&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; Excise taxes and duty are computed at standard rates based on alcohol proof per gallon/liter and are paid after finished goods are imported into the United States and then transferred out of &amp;#8220;bond.&amp;#8221; Excise taxes and duty are recorded to inventory as a component of the cost of the underlying finished goods. When the underlying products are sold &amp;#8220;ex warehouse&amp;#8221;
 the sales price reflects the taxes paid and the inventoried excise taxes and duties are charged to cost of sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; 
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;N.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Distributor charges and promotional goods&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; The Company incurs charges from its distributors for a variety of transactions and services rendered by the distributor
 including product depletions
 product samples for various promotional purposes
 in-store tastings and training where legal
 and local advertising where legal. Such charges are reflected as selling expense as incurred. Also
 the Company has entered into arrangements with certain of its distributors whereby the purchase of a particular product or products by a distributor is accompanied by a percentage of the sale being composed of promotional goods or as a predetermined discount percentage of dollars off invoice. In such cases
 the cost of the promotional goods is charged to cost of sales and dollars off invoice are a reduction to revenue.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; 
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;O.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Foreign currency&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; The functional currency for the Company&amp;#8217;s foreign operations is the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom. Under ASC 830
 &amp;#8220;Foreign Currency Matters&amp;#8221;
 the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. Gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are shown as a separate line item in the consolidated statements of operations. Prior to March 31
 2012
 the Company&amp;#8217;s vodka
 Irish whiskeys and certain liqueurs were procured by CB-IRL and billed in Euros to CB-USA
 with the risk of foreign exchange gain or loss resting with CB-USA. Beginning April 1
 2012
 CB-USA began purchasing these goods directly from the suppliers
Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2175856
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2175826
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 30
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2175892
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 52
 -Paragraph 5
 7-20
 80
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;P.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair value of financial instruments&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; ASC 825
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments&amp;#8221;
 defines the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties and requires disclosure of the fair value of certain financial instruments. The Company believes that there is no material difference between the fair-value and the reported amounts of financial instruments in the Company&amp;#8217;s balance sheets due to the short term maturity of these instruments
 or with respect to the Company&amp;#8217;s debt


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 820
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2155942
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 107
 -Paragraph 8
 10
 12
 13
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Q.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income taxes&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; Under ASC 740
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;

 no such provisions for accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions have been recorded as of March 31
Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 4
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN)
 -Number 48
 -Paragraph 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 25
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e32247-109318
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32840-109319
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 30
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2144749
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 954
 -SubTopic 740
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6491622&amp;loc=d3e9504-115650
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2144681
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 17
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32809-109319
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e32280-109318
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;R.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Research and development costs&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; The costs of research
Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 730
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2127266
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Research and Development
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6523717
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 2
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN)
 -Number 6
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141
 -Paragraph 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Research and Development Expense
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Advertising&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; Advertising costs are expensed when the advertising first appears in its respective medium. Advertising expense
 which is included in selling expense
 was $2
212
774 and $1
940
571for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 340
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6387522&amp;loc=d3e8384-108330
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Statement of Position (SOP)
 -Number 93-7
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 340
 -SubTopic 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2127066
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 340
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6387501&amp;loc=d3e8275-108329
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 02-16
 -Paragraph 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Advertising Costs
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;T.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&amp;#8220;GAAP&amp;#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates include the accounting for items such as evaluating annual impairment tests
 derivative instruments and equity issuances
 warrant valuation
 stock-based compensation
 allowances for doubtful accounts and inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6143-108592
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6132-108592
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6061-108592
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Statement of Position (SOP)
 -Number 94-6
 -Paragraph 11
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Use of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;U.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Uncertainties&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; The Company depends on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the sourcing of all of its products
 including both its own proprietary brands and those it distributes for others. The Company does not have long-term written agreements with all of its suppliers. Also
 if the Company fails to complete purchases of products ordered annually
 certain suppliers have the right to bill it for product not purchased during the period. Suppliers&amp;#8217; failure to perform satisfactorily or handle increased orders
 delays in shipments of products from international suppliers or the loss of existing suppliers
 especially key suppliers
 could have material adverse effects on the Company&amp;#8217;s operating results. The inability to maintain
 renew on acceptable terms or find suitable alternatives to the Company&amp;#8217;s contracts with suppliers could have a material adverse effect on its operating results.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; 
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;V.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/u&gt; &lt;font style=FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#151; In July 2012
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2012-02
 &amp;#8220;Intangibles&amp;#151;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment.&amp;#8221; The amended guidance simplifies how entities test indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill for impairment.&amp;#160; After an assessment of certain qualitative factors
 if it is determined to be more likely than not that an indefinite-lived asset is impaired
 entities must perform the quantitative impairment test.&amp;#160; Otherwise
 the quantitative test is optional.&amp;#160; The amended guidance is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted.&amp;#160; The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2012-04
 &amp;#8220;Technical Corrections and Improvements.&amp;#8221; The amendments in this update cover a wide range of topics in the ASC. These amendments include technical corrections and improvements to the ASC and conforming amendments related to fair value measurements. The amendments in this update will be effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The adoption of this standard is not expected have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued amendments to the accounting guidance for presentation of comprehensive income to improve the reporting of reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income. The amendments do not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income
 but do require an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where the net income is presented or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under GAAP that provide additional detail about these amounts. For public companies
 these amendments are effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; 
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;W.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounting standards adopted&lt;/u&gt; &amp;#151; In June&amp;#160;2011
 the FASB issued ASU 2011-05
 &lt;em&gt;Presentation of Comprehensive Income&lt;/em&gt; (ASU 2011-05)
 which revises the manner in which entities present comprehensive income in their financial statements. The new guidance amends ASC No.&amp;#160;220
 &lt;em&gt; Comprehensive Income
&lt;/em&gt; and gives reporting entities the option to present the total of comprehensive income
 the components of net income
 and the components of other comprehensive income in either a continuous statement of comprehensive income or two separate but consecutive statements. ASU 2011-05 does not change the items that must be reported in other comprehensive income. This new guidance was effective for the Company April 1
 2012 and is applied retrospectively. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 the FASB issued ASU 2012-03
 &amp;#8220;Technical Amendments and Corrections to SEC Sections: Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 114
 Technical Amendments Pursuant to SEC Release No. 33-9250
 and Corrections Related to FASB Accounting Standards Update 2010-22 (SEC Update).&amp;#8221; This update amends various SEC paragraphs pursuant to the issuance of SAB No. 114. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations
 cash flows or financial condition.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; 
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 205
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6359566&amp;loc=d3e326-107755
Reclassification
 Policy [Policy Text Block]












Long-Term Debt
 Unclassified [Abstract]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;NOTE 9 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTES PAYABLE AND CAPITAL LEASE&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=23% colspan=5&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; March&amp;#160;31




501

849

496

298

061

000 or $448
571 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) with an Irish bank
 including overdraft coverage
 creditors&amp;#8217; insurance
 customs and excise guaranty
 and a revolving credit facility. These facilities are payable on demand
 continue until terminated by either party
 are subject to annual review
 and call for interest at the lender&amp;#8217;s AA1 Rate minus 1.70%. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled &amp;#8364;69
761 or $89
407
 (translated at the March 31
 2013 exchange rate) and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012

 GCP issued a promissory note (the &amp;#8220;GCP Note&amp;#8221;) in the aggregate principal amount of $211
580&lt;/font&gt; to Gosling's Export (Bermuda) Limited in exchange for credits issued on certain inventory purchases. The GCP Note matures on April 1
 2020
 is payable at maturity
 subject to certain acceleration events
 and calls for annual interest of 5%
 to be accrued and paid at maturity. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $10
579 of accrued interest was converted to amounts due to shareholders and affiliates. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $211

 the Company and CB-USA entered into the Keltic Facility
 a revolving loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II
 LP (Keltic)
 providing for availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of a revolving facility of up to $5
000

 the Company and CB-USA entered into a First Amendment to Keltic Facility to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $5
000
000 to $7
000

 the Company and CB-USA entered into a Second Amendment to Keltic Facility (as amended
 the Loan Agreement) to increase the availability (subject to certain terms and conditions) of the revolving facility from $7
000
000 to $8
000
000 for the purpose of providing the Company and CB-USA with working capital. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with its terms
 the Keltic Facility expires on December 31

 provided that the Borrower has a sufficient borrowing base. The borrowing base equals (a) up to 85% of the aggregate amount of the Borrower&amp;#8217;s Eligible Receivables (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 plus (b) the least of (i) 50% of the Value (as defined in the Loan Agreement) of the Borrower&amp;#8217;s Eligible Inventory (as defined in the Loan Agreement)
 (ii) $3
500
000 and (iii) 60% of the Borrowing Capacity (as defined in the Loan Agreement) at such time

 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 3.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 5.75%
 and (c) 6.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the revolving facility. After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable revolving facility interest rate. In addition to a $40
000 commitment fee paid in connection with the First Amendment and $70
000 closing and commitment fee in connection with the Second Amendment
 Keltic will also receive an annual facility fee in an amount equal to 1% per annum of the maximum revolving facility amount and a collateral management fee of $1
000 per month (increased to $2

 among other things
 to provide Keltic with weekly borrowing base certificates
 monthly reports
 annual financial statements and other current and periodic financial
 operating and business records and reports

 among other things
 restrict the Borrower&amp;#8217;s ability to create additional indebtedness
 dispose of properties
 incur liens

 among others
 payment defaults
 violations of affirmative and negative covenants in the Loan Agreement
 imposition of certain liens
 and events of insolvency and bankruptcy. Upon a Default or Event of Default
 Keltic may terminate or suspend its obligation to make further advances and upon an Event of Default Keltic may
 among other things

 2013
 the Company&amp;#160;was in compliance
 in all material respects
 with the covenants under the Keltic Facility.&amp;#160;At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 $6
501
321 and $3
849
831
 respectively

 in connection with the Second Amendment to the Keltic Facility
 the Company and CB-USA entered into an inventory term loan of $2
500
000 (the Term Loan) that was used for the purchase of bourbon inventory on March 11
 2013. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with their respective terms
 the Term Loan matures on December 31

 when annualized
 is the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate plus 4.25%
 (b) the LIBOR Rate plus 6.75% and (c) 7.50%. Interest is payable monthly in arrears
 on the first day of every month on the average daily unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan. &lt;font style= &gt;After the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default (as defined under the Loan Agreement) the Borrower is required to pay interest at a rate that is 3.25% per annum above the then applicable Term Loan interest rate. The Borrower is required to pay down the principal balance of the Term Loan within 15 banking days from the completion of a bottling run of bourbon from the bourbon inventory stock purchased on or about the date of the Term Loan in an amount equal to the purchase price of such bourbon. The unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan
 all accrued and unpaid interest thereon
 all fees

000 of the Term Loan to be purchased by junior participants. Certain related parties of the Company purchased a portion of these junior participations in the Term Loan
 including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ($500
000)
 an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost
 M.D.
 a director and principal shareholder of the Company
 Mark E. Andrews
 III ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s Chairman
 and an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen ($50
000)
 a director of the Company and the Company&amp;#8217;s President and Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of the Participation Agreement
 the junior participants will receive interest at the rate of 11% per annum. Neither the Company nor CB-USA is a party to the Participation Agreement. However
 the Borrower is party to a fee letter (the Fee Letter) with the junior participants (including the related party junior participants) pursuant to which the Borrower is obligated to pay the junior participants an aggregate commitment fee of $45
000 in three equal annual installments of $15
000. The balance on the credit facilities included in notes payable totaled $2
496
000 and $0 at March 31
 2013 and 2012



997


298
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5














A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7512638&amp;loc=d3e5074-111524
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 4
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section A
 -Paragraph 9
 -Chapter 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph b
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386783&amp;loc=d3e4492-108314

Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Preferred stock
 shares authorized
Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Series A convertible Preferred stock
 shares issued
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Series A convertible Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
The aggregate liquidation preference (or restrictions) of stock classified as temporary equity that has a preference in involuntary liquidation considerably in excess of the par or stated value of the shares. The liquidation preference is the difference between the preference in liquidation and the par or stated values of the share. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer
 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible
 the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 shares authorized
Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 shares issued
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 shares outstanding












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block]
 March&#160;31
 5
191
 3
107
 8
540
 7
625
 13
731
 10
732
698




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company has entered into various transactions with Knappogue Corp.
 a shareholder in the Company that is controlled by the Company&#8217;s Chairman and his family. The transactions primarily involved rental fees for use of Knappogue Corp.&#8217;s interest in the Knappogue Castle for various corporate purposes
 including Company meetings and to entertain the Company&#8217;s customers. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 fees incurred by the Company to Knappogue Corp. amounted to $9
093 and $9
565
I.L.A.R. S.p.A is a shareholder in the Company and one of the officers of I.L.A.R. S.p.A is a director of the Company. In January 2011
 CB-USA entered into an agreement (New Agreement) with Pallini Internazionale S.r.L. (Pallini)
 as successor in interest to I.L.A.R. S.p.A
 regarding the importation and distribution of certain Pallini brand products. The New Agreement supersedes that certain Agreement dated as of August 27
 2004 between I.L.A.R. S.p.A and CB-USA. The terms of the New Agreement are effective as of April 1
 Under the New Agreement
 the Company is permitted to import Pallini Limoncello and its flavor extensions at a set price
 updated annually
 For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company purchased goods from Pallini for $3
685
192 and $3
502
878
 respectively. As of March 31
 2013 and 2012
 Pallini owed the Company $34
628 and $122
640
 respectively
 for its share of marketing expense
 which is included in due from shareholders and affiliates on the consolidated balance sheet. As of March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company was indebted to Pallini for $967
188 and $436
561
 respectively
In November&#160;2008
 the Company entered into a management services agreement with Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder
 under which Vector Group agreed to make available to the Company the services of Richard J. Lampen
 Vector Group&#8217;s executive vice president
 effective October&#160;11
 2008 to serve as the Company&#8217;s president and chief executive officer and to provide certain other financial and accounting services
 including assistance with complying with Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In consideration for such services
 the Company agreed to pay Vector Group an annual fee of $100
000
 plus any direct
 out-of-pocket costs
 fees and other expenses incurred by Vector Group or Mr.&#160;Lampen in connection with providing such services
 and to indemnify Vector Group for any liabilities arising out of the provision of the services. The agreement is terminable by either party upon 30&#160;days&#8217; prior written notice. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 Vector Group was paid $113
406 and $118
893
 respectively
In November&#160;2008
 the Company entered into an agreement to reimburse Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. (&#8220;LTS&#8221;) for its costs in providing certain administrative
 legal and financial services to the Company. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 LTS was paid $154
972 and $183
888
 respectively
 under this agreement. Mr.&#160;Lampen
 the Company&#8217;s president and chief executive officer and a director
 is the president and chief executive officer and a director of LTS and two other directors of the Company serve as directors of LTS
 including Phillip Frost
As described in Note 9D
 in March 2013
 the Company entered into a Participation Agreement with certain related parties.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

EQUIPMENT
 NET (Details Textual) (USD $)

        

      










        

539

183




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    
























Cash and equivalents whose use in whole or in part is restricted for the long-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Noncurrent


























As of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph h
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Employee Service Share-Based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not Yet Recognized (in dollars)
Aggregate unrecognized number of option awards made to employees under a stock option plan or plans
 that have yet to vest.
Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period
Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Expiration Period
The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Available for Grant
Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 14.F)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6793087&amp;loc=d3e301413-122809
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (h)(1)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph g(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 14
 -Section F

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 d(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Number
Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term One
Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 31
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656322&amp;loc=d3e4724-112606
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Warrant
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6528364
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 14
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital
 Warrant Issued

Specific terms relevant to convertibility. Includes class of preferred stock and number of shares convertible into
 exercise (or conversion) price or rates
 dates relevant to conversion timing and events relevant to conversion. Describe also any beneficial conversion features. where convertible preferred stock with a nondetachable conversion feature is in-the-money at commitment date. For contingently convertible preferred stock
 discuss the circumstances of the contingency
 including the events or changes in circumstance that would cause the contingency to be met and any of the significant features necessary to understand the conversion rights and the timing of those rights. Include also an events or changes in circumstance
 if any
 that could adjust or change the contingency
 conversion price
 or number of shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 98-5
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 04-8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 -Number FAS129-1
 -Paragraph 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21475-112644
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21506-112644
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 7
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21521-112644
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Contingently Convertible Instruments
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6508575
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21538-112644
Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 00-27
 -Paragraph 55
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Convertible Preferred Stock
 Terms of Conversion

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 10
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7491637&amp;loc=d3e13433-108611
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6945355&amp;loc=d3e41228-113958
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7491637&amp;loc=d3e13495-108611
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6945355&amp;loc=d3e41271-113958
Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Net

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Options
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price












    
  
      

          

        
        

      














Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Stock
        

467

761


Preferred Stock
 Par Or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)
        
        
        


        

705
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Conversion of Stock
 Shares Converted
        
        
        


Convertible Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued upon Conversion
        

967
        


        

000 per trading day and the Volume Weighted Average Price (as defined in the articles of designation of the Series A Preferred Stock) for at least 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day period exceeds $0.76 (subject to adjustment)
 the Company may convert all or any portion of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock into shares of common stock.
        
        


Preferred Stock
 Liquidation Preference Per Share

000
        
        



          

        
        
        


Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage
        
        
        


Preferred Stock
 Par Or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)
        
        
        


        

100
000
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

 issuable upon conversion of such Series A Preferred Stock
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Preferred Stock
 Par Or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)

000
        
        


        

155
000
        
        




Officers


        
        
        


        

005
000
        
        




Officers


        
        
        


Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Amount

000
000
        
        




Officers


        
        
        


        

005
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Purchases from Related Party

685
192

502
878


        

188

561



          

        
        


        

000
        



          

        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Expenses from Transactions with Related Party

972

888



          

        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Expenses from Transactions with Related Party

406

893



          

        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Expenses from Transactions with Related Party

093

565



          

        
        


        

628

640




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
 -Subparagraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

191
147

107
615


        

540
815

625
083


        

731
962

732
698




        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    
























The amount of payment to an Entity from the sale of an Entity or business
 based on the financial performance of the asset acquired
Business Acquisition
ACQUISITIONS (Details Textual) (Mclain and Kyne Agreement [Member]
 USD $)













 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.25in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended March 31


126



243




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13854-109267
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; Intangible assets consist of the following:&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=23% colspan=5&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; March&amp;#160;31





271

271








096

729

404

906

692

823

112

478

805

302
Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16265-109275

 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 9pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; Accumulated amortization consists of the following:&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=23% colspan=5&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; March&amp;#160;31





409

857






404

906
061&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BACKGROUND: #ccffcc; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; 
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; Estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the next five fiscal years is as follows:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=87%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; Years&amp;#160;ending&amp;#160;March&amp;#160;31






185
Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block]












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 Years&#160;ending&#160;March&#160;31
 257
 37
 294
614




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment [Table Text Block]
 The following table sets forth the amounts and percentage of consolidated revenue
 consolidated results from operations
 consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders
 Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
 5
444
 4
370
 35
998
 31
124
 41
442
 35
494
 (26
 (170
 (4
405
 (3
706
 (4
431
 (3
877
 (145
 (964
 (5
302
 (4
267
 (5
448
 (5
232
 148
 148
 15
324
 12
811
 8
803
 8
772
 9
421
 6
510
 3
565
 3
729
 242
 286
 689
 901
 3
396
 2
482
 41
442
 35
494
 As&#160;of&#160;March&#160;31
 1
941
 2
430
 31
175
 28
924
 33
117
 31
354
777




        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
 -Paragraph 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

















 NET (Tables)


130 - Disclosure - EQUIPMENT
 NET (Tables)

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.25in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; Equipment consists of the following:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=23% colspan=5&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; March&amp;#160;31

026

964



036

974

519

353


Tabular disclosure of the useful life and salvage value of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph b
 -Article 5
Property
EQUIPMENT
 NET (Tables)












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Investment in DP Castle Partners
 In August 2010
 CB-USA formed DP Castle Partners
 LLC (&#8220;DPCP&#8221;) with Drink Pie
 LLC to manage the manufacturing and marketing of Travis Hasse&#8217;s Original Apple Pie Liqueur
 Cherry Pie Liqueur and any future line extensions of the brand. DPCP has the exclusive global rights to produce and market Travis Hasse&#8217;s Original Pie Liqueurs and CB-USA has the global distribution rights for this brand. DPCP pays a per case royalty fee to Drink Pie
 LLC under a licensing agreement. CB-USA purchases the finished product from DPCP at a pre-determined margin and then uses its existing infrastructure
 sales force and distributor network to sell the product and promote the brands. Finished goods are sold to CB-USA FOB &#150; Production and CB-USA bears the risk of loss on both inventory and third-party receivables. Revenues and cost of sales are recorded at their respective gross amounts on the books and records of CB-USA. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 CB-USA purchased $867
280 and $741
830
 respectively
 in finished goods from DPCP under the distribution agreement. As of March 31
 2013
 DPCP was indebted to CB-USA in the amount of $268
598
 which is included in due from shareholders and affiliates on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. As of March 31
 2012
 CB-USA was indebted to DPCP in the amount of $28
469
 which is included in due to shareholders and affiliates on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. At March 31
 2013
 CB-USA owned 20% of the DPCP and
 under the terms of the agreement
&#160;will increase its stake in DPCP based on achieving case sale targets. The Company has accounted for this investment under the equity method of accounting. This investment balance was $116
700 and $130
850 at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

 impairment losses
 recognized or unrecognized gains (losses).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Details 4) (Warrant [Member]
 Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3 [Member])

        

      












 Inputs


        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;NOTE 12 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; The Company accounts for taxes in accordance with ASC 740
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221;

 2013 and 2012 consists of federal
 state and local taxes attributable to GCP
 which does not file a consolidated income tax return with the Company
 and foreign taxes. As of March 31
 2013
 the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $79
100
000 for U.S. tax purposes
 which expire through 2033
 and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $19
700
000

 on a financial statement basis
 from foreign sources totaled $412
182 for the year ended March 31
 2013 and the pre-tax loss
 on a financial statement basis
 from foreign sources totaled $154
328 for the year ended March&amp;#160;31





 the Company recorded a deferred tax liability on the ascribed value of the acquired intangible assets of $2
222
222
 increasing the value of the asset. The deferred tax liability is being reversed and a deferred tax benefit is being recognized over the amortization period of the intangible asset (15&amp;#160;years). For each of the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recognized $148








967

854

463

306

623

012

957

916



400

397

400

397



037

185

666

814

 2013 and 2012 was approximately $37
400
000 and $35
397
000
 respectively. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 was $2
003
000 and $2
250
000
The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32718-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32559-109319
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 136
 172
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.













    
  
      

EQUIPMENT
 NET (Tables)

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
 March&#160;31
 2
026
 1
964
 10
 10
 2
036
 1
974
 1
519
 1
353
 516
 620
840




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

ACQUISITIONS (Details Textual) (Mclain and Kyne Agreement [Member]
 USD $)

        

      











          

        
        


Business Acquisition
 Earnout Payment

800

048




        
          

        
          
            

 based on the financial performance of the asset acquired
 during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001144204-13-037596-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`&6(X4)WG_$)5WX!`

3
P
S
Q+GAM
`L``00E#@``!#D!``#L76N3HSB6_;X1^Q^8W(CN
M+^U*'GYF/2:<S_94OB+M[NG:C8T,)<BVNCX!;C2

M9CO+@'1U[KE'ND(2G_[^.C*E:8.L:W/)\H'^43EFX;Q!I\/OFM=UUIGDA_
M__*?__'I;Y6*=(

M)OV/HIXIM3.E];_2OQ_O_D^ZZO:DBO3CQX\/!BO!]4OXH-LCJ5*9UW..'%8'



M3QR[JBH-T1/!'?



M51\FW\^O)#Q`K`EVW.1'@FL)#UF(Z$[R

MKB0\X#F5`4+CQ3-]Y+SXGIU=2&C%JRG@SQ^W(5)[+A70AET]84$L29]X()PY

G8[QYQ.'C

$^F4E1-(Q85M

MWQY8-01L66(Z`JRZ;#:VP%;#S&V_JS)I94QMCZ)E)0KVCR&P#K]S[U9[56

U7XNP9Y#@9\8UU%W4-[M@
$-88D]TX@8MD(PY(I]/

EP\-QB0[./TN$

*$R81VH;GNX^TZF$Z+C<M,EN374?CU;-!N41:`L0`Y0CE3EN5_



MXA&&:
&&B46-E/@^7(_[D9\MZG[#:#8!RQ0G_&



+&%:(6?T4?)GC7975S2*[^\A@&%_9H

Z_%R)08!T$5T2)



#RV@;(Q94CG].RP0G#
JZC!*&

Z
P=$-I^'1ZCS=!P(M2\6)O
M[XQ#S75B'ZIH_T#4*/^)S+%F\&PJL=&''/]1/_=^V
?GYT6CC\C/0XJ/
*)#



(`WKX%$IX%9UYNO


6H0)*C7UJ:?['[8?
#%K/GU0^@!JA&
MZC'SU@13E[R8./W3!8=-E@P(0%F$7[



M`K9RK*$!`KX#`=]G34V(@VFF?O=F0=?-MSKEPW?M-,MQ^@-*'=`EO8.*_X





M$(
@.NTBO@#
WY80;



MQ[5I).^!4Q)63TE(A6S'X0-1##T;!#T$/03]P77=.PO`^98#AQMS!/L.(&RW
MV)7!`5GEW3.@O^)!3KG#4/_3[1
?NO/T'%_F$25C-TFUDGBN7#RBX=PK

4M_RD2


M^0'\W%VQI5#`X4.=7=&75`XHY5XHI
[_RO=H#60.NTGGMO










MR@I7
J_\T0_XJV#P=J5:2>1T49JP4DU7Q-'1^8WC.@U^\59N^YJ4'>TUEBA
MZ?4&YFU6

R#(=%LQXV)EI\`E+

M]@^KR^22C5.

3%=/_H4-5YU
MK




O8VPYF`6Q/X'<=ASLKD^EJMP5E-K:M6E
M63FJWJVU


&['^*TVMI5;K

MS^@(*

MF\WM+%X?1G&_4&W):C

M:XJ\EI$2U!2M&H(DOP5O8GL




2Z&6X8N
MUYI5M2%O8MP6-*N)E;I9T^I*.#_-=N





M87F/V7=NK@R&\JQ5999)/YGN1X-
)






@?,4Z4)PR_
MWP7I-_:@D/NX_\TK_2)CW&N$'O&B/OG.P^J9TX&P


MQ\+\KX+:?W2N._FQ@SAAP:W(%X]Y!


M



MMH=_D




4P-
5U#52L_(J5$L+6



;;F'.#BH^D(N@
M:\R5U^/;7VN6HFONS^!9@ZJ2#9^VMMI0.[7MF@[:1V-GK:;[()S9X7@9\IK:

M80Q?%!AR#$!_&!B@]Z(&00XH
*0P9!8!!6BVP(
(C&XI+E=FMH#0@ZGUEC



!7;

?E9@U/[

MVR+8BB3Z:U/154UQ[?KB

1;-LQ3`T##CDEZF

^

MOSUNA0
^[0F9\PW9:A]RE3AVPEA8NF08CF*;V`FC#?*4$L+6ODO$3AA8O01*

CZH4%0H*A1H4@AVL=)YY
=#1C+O![EA$1L$

%H.:YZ-189#P:1Y_T`/!8A`J3#9\

X

M':\''RS-K`U`5@J%!4*&4!4*H4\4$/AAZLX0QL#L-0H:C0-C(0(L.`)(5@




^:.XJBZ0BD%3RH4G6SXM%9T&JTOL@+MQ'%WF:9[(9SZ
M&^.%'



M6W



1-62
M&=Y+U@E3Y]+A

M7W

M.F^LRYY





[\-4&;[H'G$&!7:KS1Q2(&IWKS
Z#KJ6VHKJUM7=`Q2*$J-V-EG'6V=X!
W:EJ*C8A%UZ&'_54'M7976HT%_C-`L&


DKB_MC/

M7#_..)

JNVA.LBZ/0M2




M1UEZQ7P6W`N'?3I.$GYBXL=1QL]TQ0:_'GT^2;N1JG_5Z5?1-N6(!'T.G^=G



MF$PZ_+$LY3]
LCN2\5][PQQ)XD5]

M#L7IDGA(8O[U'

3RA]ELQ_
M-8CX

PQ7EH




B+86N4Z=@?^
MAI#P8A`@R\PIV5[L^/8TP9`]2;VM$%]@L(']8GZ1'TB/DW%!_T7^B_4)UQ\
M4)^H3]0GUAWMJZ?E9+,@\E)R'QL2(\:R+7?V)EFQ?)PJAB&IKBN@8J57[%2


H6PDP`/-_?(`:APF3#!Q4&
MBT'-\]&H
$CX-(\_Z(%@
0@5)AL^J#!8#(+LHP^X9
O`AEN8LX.*#^0BZ!IS



MJJ50DV+`(;]





`97F:4Q^UN#4_M+4


BH0_EYA0''+@(.
M0]$L6S$
#0

-^^ZA0R/B@
M0E&AJ%#$I[GXH`=##X8*A8P/*A05B@H%FA27:QT'OGQD)'
^T%N6
0&08:]



`*`BK-4YG\K$$OM!%J






`G^^VMX


U&U9(;W
C^=<<
M@J$^49_MXQ]$@AVP+

+.

UM]J/
MP]`;I=Q/=;D:/EQTO[PE]T$:W#S+7[]HQL1C/3O@B/@L#-.1YP?1[:]':O%Y

M*)!KA

MZ[(GT_2R)S/WL.)(I9MTR@4


M45S-X#$(?'^&RD4$4;E/
8C6J6UG2-!S12/:2^TN]2O/
O.VY



MU$UO.;69G?\BYY$?COO\N+Q-%.MS3D9O;M@]2[Q;1KS0C^_BD(R2N#_VL[0S
M

/EE
MC_W(WH6Q_^VW?_[CG_\@Y-_3TYR$8?S=BWSV(4[.N



=JT

M:/U59$XYQN/A.?AR50Y_]RUJR.GE5IK6FHW/N5X%O?E+T.9@YZNYH*KFJI


M6)$'E9?=UKX*]





MWD9W-S96X%BHO^K6?OT0)RRXC4[%BXCDX1

M()T=@Z963H?4-:BIEXPO#%K;3&U;
VFEF9JAJYIFO63FNC/%ML9632UZ/N.9

E@*LG&%=3=;7T;FF9`3LRN`KAZ@G(



KL;CNYH5LD]

\9JE:^Y*V8PME\UL.XYEL[ZMNKJUIX'L
M=

MJG4AQ9@

M_/I!@%T=!-B&85BEM




T&L&3]%X]'S$
IX$L0L36MKYZ*

[*K4

MEB8*=!%&-!JB'83MFKITT8)&FX[3#IX--'7I8@7-V%_I6QU\VB1\U]2E)96:


UH_.8`Z$ZY7WO$J0;<=<V<:^Z8


&M0^&%S
M*3!H0EV:PS6LPW%JQU#5)M2EB=U#G465%A79K!-51W4Z&_)$KWY;P).J+

)S&@E2PDT?!I'HH@RHP0KV3)2'2)%YE+\9?]$7NMAB%^+;X1CK-


-+WP:


Z@F[]$PI@?Y[-$)-CYMZ
Q/Z?7
M_VL\V7BY0SY



M%[

MDHFY0YJH(_O.PGNV7MSA-SNTB/-2PU#P




MQ*)

MR`=SQP



90`G/10#ZPFV3L
M)0]$
<DA<
M81JO3_@D'A-&^5


M

?2

V!YE1@HSN`;&UX^#U^%6L
MV:B'893C];181-L]=D79
U)HFV35






MO_YF2



?



M.




5D!?E*_#HX.XKTR`F_`QGLDL%`KHD\TB/UG0-$+Q_0J


MNQ8&31._7ABF+/[Q[87FEUSH3#!X4!QW4!KZ[0XC%X74J[B/Z;753SG=]3
M4[QM&=0;%EGUL




MAPXNW`@[K.(U*6;4N[0G8)ITHJGZ


M_K4Q*[I'A0?*N(#S'.'P/MX:C;=+KZY*ZK..O==E@9@:UWM(CU[MJ):BC=
MP7CSH-UJV+P&?NT




F*/H9L&.




.T%2LN/V`OG@`[99H9=4[`H2B'ZB:*?:$I%C58`
Z

8FM)T]H9NVIU!O1TG
M15


=M$


I-[[

MJ
W25=

M-;6A]Q/




O&3)^F/P)U,PL<47XXFI[+D2LQ%X;XCOTEA8&3
2!%K.!'&E*@TS
I#2F4CBLPEN:S\_=\@SJPK-NG(`D
MXC@Y*3QX/8S`-$N3%#[%*%=^[B-/$1Y3BMTW
4




`AHQA@%
M!G[

,LRW`FL8@3\#Y/,W)))+?`_<#`LV]I/,&'..F[XE3\.`]2C

)#]=47H




M*7J;Z`#/`H0^O%LB$F&V2+&YAQKQ&&)1MFPZ)+

MA].(*
32!&GH!V!/?'0.T?AX'GJ(:(9SK(MY/7!D?=Q/!6S8:J!S.WK%7]C7
M.\H2DC-D=`BI


M'V

/*!$@

`R01$Y

MJ?1SKF%5

SOW1-=Z&4TH8LH
\TN8

M$URUPHX!'_



MP&N%E`VM_8;N6

N5@\633]@[3YG


MM;0=7=D.\

MMJ8_'1)W*H
P./D/Q&G^T*?(1SAI.&'VF6T$)Y'O)=-?\(WLTV02@2_`MRPB

7'
5-)8N:

MPI]A



MLI+EMXTR2_`#-T_@7
\
4S$TRZQ4R4*1MQ;J2`W4?+X*PIRAGMQ!5M8*3`0@

K'S^AVJJL$3VKHG
463??
MU#T#8WF_V@06;&,K'5/E8EB59^M-)I5^CCYFRK`I&I.-J=ARYIA-HS37$]

V0M%M4`')RY\
M=Q]I[IMA7\.IJLY8G)&#5:GGAGLFU+E[0HCC?+&WB7H)]IQ]Z2OI$H$V.?



M0*WH@ZCM4_-[MD=Q0+04W;$M:L$%!9#L*P&+$.'LW@6W8P02BDVX;QM3


?TU
0YXCY2=!'R-LB
M(Z=9LJ;O+7U_Q$PEZ.$;I&1VUO.XCXJ2

MO46B;;%U*[\

MOH31D/JBVJ`MW;5:TYF@X*84K+$/QY-#_IDH
M#@%R&CW?2_CI@^[WG?9F\M

M7@11.:&2!@

MAM1;\68`3U[CA3


L4ZLC)Y!)@7+1ZJ0MN.$#Q+K2*Q#H9SQ
M@4*A4B4




1#++6?GA2(8!+KP(]$




X=:LW:)^%FI71:#F)LS<KNIO

'][AV==HK%#
M;WN_?+

MZFKE];./A=8HS5/K16$@!`J!5DZ@K9;5:#E%X2!'B3+);[XH5;R#!&:]O93`
M;.PM@;DQJ
KI&
H+STY_FWM-S+9AY#N637.E;AN*@^*@N)THKM9N@DT0&\2V
M`[$U+`+
LEM=4`J*@^)VDM9KP+U!;!#;+L16I^E;=V]9]#+PB4F*;F/9SJVD
MZ)SE-8;U&EZN




G&*2H..]AJZSG*#KXDT
5T-?7GBJ

(WQ;]0('85QQZ`1Z&ZH.\RL(?^+[BJ0^^#^($//!]
MX$\!X8'O@^^#.!GF_U@O-61`M3*DFA]]P=$@4](/DDM/X1719A&LZCNBKN74
M;:O3;D&W





M20WVMA`JD8






`V#&%E)^@-J]LQ


MK;K)M8Q$7YD_M4_'YD2+-`V3'F@Z.%;QB!J55U)[A@Q3\KI)&%(7Q##1?;/^
M

D$
@B4T


M(HT#^L:

1.8<Z<8)
M$3Y_J[ZF\:!'8
Q-1ODFUV$^O;PPN6WXVZ`RH9-IM:#NIW!DQX-M3)(7(\T

M0FEPDSJ)K?JR[`[4U@(8[T#VJJGAZ\ZYIFEH58E?
[QCK

F_27Q?!+@=
M`61![8F)H,].SX\OCD_-!$1YJ07+9?)2UW!/YJG+MND;7O^[F1ZQLG'3Q<K




')8[#3K^?+Y



CM'[_9P2IVXXC

7.



MXF&%^MO4QJ*^./76Z]E9].A7*HQF-9!NK[[O\5=V8O^T?BX;]O`4FR3RS#U)
MUPT2WZ1+9Y7E[J/X?Q)_^N6TP)LI4F;V'*35L0;:E[ZKB1Y13`=2?R;(]4GA


8#'VA4X4H_[(N]6U[B[#G]-O=_S3+R6A%Z`TM90&LHP06D%


+)6=
_86S
M)'1'
DKW48\#?UI7XCC;D_?GRM?!Z'X/8B5^WP^BK


44

M



MZSK&D#_+8U,0815.$MPL5!,(:WL$7CL0QO'M)?D

E%_L`BO5S*EO'8AN+`L&+S4!1
,H^D*\,KG5S6\2WX5KG/^*66]5J5CCG?LW26ER/[.S+!Y=BLSTG?%&FA&F



F?AL$F8[W;-4OG`=^!0\S;7C
M/)9C=5I-R^[B1]6@.JAN=S_$V@6?RAEC
4]4S5:?H[XR4WM?8GRJ6MUTAEK+

M@?\%D?(
S4J
3V438)U:'2LG2QJ4
4^`[=^@E6)6P`D?1DMW[G,A-6W0+R
[,*62.96O\3X8',66`750750
M79%8Q3C68I[5PI9(+/(J,H+5V!+I6*UFPZH[36R*9!J<E1B?RB;VK56`WQB



MR5#]*B/5/Y



MJX&.UXT_8A):':=5CUGZA[NP&;Z^QTG:WV]]P=J7[BD1V?V^N\13^/R5Z?


Q.7
Z





$H8

M'1R1WHC\^DSJ$SCKUXB3M^/?7C


BCKZIOF]Q
G]0B#(!N].G6BP
/LQ^P


B*^J?A7/.L*]

)^`#O2T+



MUVHWG0'!31'
B`_UJ2'_H2HRQ^!/:)1F_E5C?'9YW::T6RAJQB?$1
3$_&.B

MX%-!`4)AM6$0(F`5!8@('T'T1`
*B!0?B31/=JADH2_VIASQCT3HBRAT
M!4/G$=R/QC^'#(M`.4.XLU5J1U8U1;8M$]*%=

MK&I+WPQZMWE7?P@19O
N(:1!P0W%\4IN+-E<D/6#$=NF@ZD^EB78N^8)6])M:UH-5J0KBSJM5D
M6[?$#AZ0+J2+

KX

W



V=/5^?*M84\!(U(61:`]'8BK9([$U33/U?$;R




?0WX

TU3Y(

/^G\)\Y1W=Y\\['8ZK=X9M]KC
M['1'3N0NGRJ<]+IGN]+-T$23):+'RPG+S5C-AM]<D!#\MAPF(Q<CQ-9N
C)
)H+(2*3@9F^WUN


MJ.H)TSR5G]X!*\Y5HXJ9]%44S+9ZSU+]TG7@4_$RUY;K6*ILFX:L.#98!=5!





T6]$#M(]-%O]`G?^L-

OX#1(/C64QF=-40S%_/AA78
*&IZ
M,#MT8#4S`&]US3--)J;CVA^T1^?HQU./M
=L9A?]/!R[0NC98Y#-37%4N^Y

9]@]-Q;H2U^$?E_XC'S.X'[


DG9WE.TO7N&Y6

MX&?9;)@9S+1?R!`
'IL


M6':SF$%P+^^&EX&(L6OFF79VQ#=UTS(R3']L0%X69Z&='=*YOG5]`XN?^N]3

T.W)K%D\35[173K?FE^!'Z?%+%




'!3-@U/4;Q&F&]FAQAE7F7/^M:-

`S@YJ


P=-U2


*T9CJ)IKS/D
M*$B\892



M:6G?&`H2S?VK;;GB



H1

%MQV$-8!
Y`*`
%Q@T*U=MRS_4(P



MGEW5&V9N$!O$MC


*
`#O3T#FEWB




)8\0F.)*D1`?-VL49,-78=4\ZDJ?DA=SJS[EP\^\^R+
MCQ_&R?M+UQWM'P6)-XR2<<RZ@[,K-V9?W(3YA]'UB(6)FP91V(IC-[QDURQ,
MDR^W]\?TW%OQO]8O-_;[['?Z91AY_WQ^^^;M&TGZ.#_]F7?%_/&0G_Q[%-ZP
M)&7^Y`PM+PUN@O2V+RR_^[3D16'*7YRRP:=&3S$N%/54U2M'RGZA3[Y6V](

X#_F__

M9.E




0N;3PYH2!X;

M00X*CX=-%F\/#!M@+`%#`QJ@QO-@Z.\:(@[Q2
&#@98_
N=


7J)_/1H*`!(%.V\J2?9UVS[=-UMZ36H0!
MT(T^W7IQX&.UB./M




M+IM-76XV_Y^]:^U-)%?:WX]T_H
5G95F)6`AY#:;LRN19))E-Y-$D\R.WO?+









M-_G

?9SQ-@^^&$+

\

M*D&9Q3+81ML\R\O#W45-O^'V[%P\PY/H'V9!_-?S837.G78K^-2-VU]+')



M7*/QJD+X;)+;:S7LM1KV6HW*N0MK;;?86M02VI5?O-%3/]&O+WS_Z(:PER6%




M4_^
5$'7OP+E%+AG*M!ZD5LCEDOQ@\=1I770;+;V]I9'[Y*%OQYM6SG:+AE+

5+R






MTLLSH
TUQW=NQ/-




M9D!O*DGGU2`NS?
=+B=/9C;D$\%Z0O@)J[J
IRV1L?%O[H%K5*58-U/.#P
MS!HR:W=BVH5`9HVF#4@&T:_'/9*PD#`P+[N(027$D_+#=O]@70V^I.JSOO
MMCE:']V9=Y9(=@/C8($HY_5G404FHDUWDH^F\

ME'&U:FQ4P%X-V(L8

MCU]W8L\EB[!-`#PA?UEXPC6QY/73FGH.`B`NJY4P@EAY_HJ&,5J8CSV)B2
M)WPA6,+QY6&X^/U@6-CL98C;]KH4S0J;Q%;H06;U

#:X0=%PC*Q90TQGF
MK6G0&`BN8
X/AN36B%O4$6P=BQ@)P/CV(`O(*`';AQ8CT9Q@&8(HA`L6%(;
M1T*-(H1T!-BRR5S#&D8S=@;?PY-'0BALR\`IA('06_,#O\X])QAB,`_6.@#@
MEL+/V_*%#L'$=05-Q64G\!]+?]T[]./AXHW8WSE$@`H.-]`37B51-)UCC8]






(I$XY5\22XZSB23WM6YB*2E9J?LZ=5^8QR&-=J?#UOO=%O9&PX^#
`307&O0RP<=&_N.:C7N2`CD6'D;2?@M\





M9IA-/35
=``,@<8/&?/BIZL01IFP
M$T`]
E#F/?23/FJQ6X)O\TZM&C0/


MO.VR(1(;(GE*`.)D?4(DF!5DW`[\`P%DPCT\.'L\7HU'M^!+*3I08T
Y&((N

MH[`]ZK+`L0'`\6%]@
-D?(*@3T1\U)Y#C#J[^S

MXR/[.)IP7\8`&



M(
*CRL!;N=W^H8P#E$'T#&19
OI2G
/D9T5X0GF*`UQ9PGT@9X4#\BQ(E\
M9'[AA))&2$8%U&)/GX/'8&_*\?4.D;]P.#?_3--\JOF`)%[3N3%,MU;DXF
\D'EB,M1B[
M`1A[MCX8^PF`P(](IH.!3YYN.;HF#2EYR$1\0\KLTF@]QH]_!^1(3<*D$?R,
MJ#&W^AL(1%^]FX@?*$HQ
PSPS=0F%0L\:R/;-$X6XHL48PHC]'4I*[(#DXZ
M`S
2(4RYA(%ILE4*7)2$]N[T\LA


OW4IWXHP[$=S(I)@.2(I




1#@/W




^+CGA9SZ-G%5EEQ?]
H1

5
A


M,=Q.4,,NB:[)D59(U0:AG5)M)+R@N09C@4&GD?_8U_0N_1XG&1-;QFL\

_$NI*+'''.%
P1B-`8^
4H/NYGR
;#./


M7@UF!`D]A?&S4TU;BQJ;AYJ_KX^J'D&]MH4*P&HK!71LO6459-QA_*;CF@

6?B.


M.:#76!9X1A=[3BN`[RUSH0\E)E)

^9B0Q2

EG-/J/SB$I^?8WD$'AU-

MAT#+*9*/3'5`
53
-A+0W-T=E=C6F!54N#7!P0/V&PT
_EI!$MP?0-T4WH

$=^()$&=;3HD&\$C_@1V?XY!%#9C!=+'PC6Z^4Z[C!94X9)C
M[7)'`C
ZS!R`CS#!(9C3^?=







MMCRO]&0G_CPK

6U5E
[A;T2GQ(*/@_UH#PH2Y48N59%ODCLMRR!5D1<W7YU)T$]RS)<G7`

9/EI:G%26IKF&Q-P[8.S_2@KR!LC

MH*`N)$!0Y8VR:)0]



\=G)`4.)3
+M_93:#D`2$P6^W9H0%[#`-)IFNEVE5EK9?D;!I&





PBBRM
M


M.69(7.CT*2PCFNT9YZ_@.S
F\SI)Q.IXGC40`E!LQV)A`]@PWE0CJ:U)GU-T
MLE

WZ


M4

/0





M



X[
S](
DWX8[/'E_



M:`]V#DNE

0[:WW2;'87G/4:W'-#J$'I6*EW*

M



H;2S#ZN=\(.;@YAD4ZI
6++=_$




M\E12YYZNCPEJ!]P(^UX
W94A%T0\-3@])LV/D
/R&7*V2N9HW8L01C*`@&7D
M\0/H
JHK4
5`6B&PS:UKW@&1M;-E:`_9H2_4JL))_@*FI.V[T@T^8@N/P5K#



MV'\$J&`9B&7IZX71L?H(RPIBGNO_2D(6=_V@G-LK0D

M/HEYK0FKB^*W-[_@EH2$*3`K58%(PT][?X3+4N0&152`('F`7+H[J??B
`$3
M


@UXP51RJ+U@





&PF=

H$E05KG(
MSYBR%J0


`44%

M#4
&=

%.C+!I(BECBE'%@XJ703&&#`8(ER[)$P00/A


MDHY0'

/-'PA1Z

MKQAG*L
MCX'K_`LH8X^%19M'D-[SVG/#N0Y:=!P)!LMZTN9KM@P_902^V)#<N!8W%`
M;+*@=[G\_#;.PI!U:H#%NGC?PKF@U_(5B8T?SFYYX,IC15B[)L^V#D4GI$3


M#:4


%QLG@IH#U2L
M8FYG6=(
(#U!GQ4&6





4Q9J^

M`(?1FK5?7/0VWNK']K-69=1/8#X`BU#3+DX.T_ADOY653.9X/6%AP#EB=[6Q


MO\


MG9^U]E7^K



MF:T=B\[?N=V$/?/



M+&W%^8.\M'+D5SSM*H'9\@@UY/#

&V*]?GP/



XSY#Q-


N.
M6:]'^2$[/V

EVVDUE2$F2!H]^14EJ*R]SKJOHJG$HG`,<TZJ\4RMHH:$T5PE+
MG/OBQT%5QFDO,TXUU(/A'`U%JG).K\Y[J$P[LYYJLJW5A6):QT
XZZMKK
MVA56B':M&'?V1`-_)X1=F*VY:.W.[EVT9^/:*^/F^-%]F1\MK67TVD93&?):
M%ZVLZ^K'44Y%,ZMXZ)5`PV[*()S+DU7+1.A;A@TRZ:R)RK[J)U*D0%&W;1







M?*X:@%%AWD3:WZ9'O+NI^.('(^)$

M=;NR[$)/`K'?8-XK`&H':V]$^_DV7C$8^4JH:TE-=M/?_8![0ZR52K8.







MZVV1AJ):#


4GX'_1+:


@M)<E7@XA`6UJ0--6]A
M2Y<T%AA#TU,+_+4@='B_5?XI@N9HT/YP1(*`V.D3H.#IP1)+UG3L@+HI
MF



M+?O/J5EJSE2U:
ZTS;
6`J]7R)?(+$
!K)D`:FC@1%\C/_=/_OWU]OK;U2D5


VX;=


MOQ^X.9^Z.4E(S0LZ1.+/(1S+,F_;2P&-92_^@@8ZB?JY^')GX@)HBS)OBF
KN[IL




^#!LQIRVI/E=46UMRAHJ*B


G_$%FDN-)83R=^D$$ES@12$7D6
Z4



74*-ADPIY)_TW

$@`2CX(P%?$'YX
M(`&=2\GR0ZKY03)OSZ=J`0S2JA+]^7)^5NG_&200I)EX(0
#Z`
4RCV3CL^S




3


MI4\$_B!

M*FZ=.7BPBHMX.@UR^!!/YQBY'X(]`V`.)U'*#\U4?`4#]1/P]/_D04


MELKJRO5+92]EY1GO;\W'RS35[XI$UZ-;0J7E@0I0B2O]\-I;6IJG%8H[O]V=

M+O@\R_[\ET


M:.UW#@0`W1%C
MK*RVM




GG07&%)GSSZ68!C2
L/Z0O9J6P(PY@&OAU;I(A'_C*]!:HX0GKYO1]R5ML
MAQHA9QB#.YF^$H#8HS%]?)'.J3FCSY&F))`LZII*@3\SW8B.E!@<8[YL6?3
MTW*``O&#BR_#PCS;X]32N@B;U%J$ASXK#D#'VTDC0)_PE]M1O#B@+RW6#W




NP
WOM(XAMWN&



8.

[F1



'

H1-CWVC\]JN

MT+

MU'9+U^9=B%7#J32OV0-V
&E=I:(U[AYKK76$

%
M'-U.5S/*YT2+W_Q6$DOV:([$%])R6ZJAKT-B&IXNCDNO'V%+=^Q
\U.\E2IS

_-@


MI@=C?KZH298Y=2+3I2


M009#E)\`IH
?QJ'CD1!.Q@

M1[4K*RUC_E0]/=@$AN6GY

#M($OLP@[)


M-@(K7@3^8



Y&]8ZLM_=VY()*ATIW:$JGRKUN2VZUL#-Q`]PJL3/6
M+D@8?@!@XW@2

MIRGQ0I)TN:V$+BU%?F2Z#%':Z

MDLCXH`A0



M^(.G*IN1+SQ50?U$_43];)K\B:R?@CAK8F_/(4`M(EZ*4)V&B)?5)!(!:E%=
[B



MEO%:*OMY5E$1.)W^[1)F&3R[/_&#R/F;?;_TX6MPO;MZ/&TZ(E7+Q[

.HA]]
MNM'^TB[5WND.Y&LAU=NSA-_OB.LZWGUR2]&'AR?Z'K7#UZ/K:$P%@EII^GCO
M'L@&.\UO^4H\^KW[S-'O**N]J+:J=-OB6-5M
F*UOZ9KE!-[9419(M)QT%7:







M#I
'^M1V3JA#Q$BC3_'CP$I&
/*M.*-Z9-+8+)#N`];^CH_0#PC0/'*23FI3


M'#+I8T/&F'>JW%7;
PCG2_RWO8?/?C5(Q&P
M*EGU))

R8^9CX
=4@*G2I.*W5

M/EMI4(0.M!9D&Z8I*04!!X0Z



Z)F/HJ=*0@PH(@N/?_

Y!&





I)'ONOZCX]U_V.H0]\5%Q^/_IM$RDC;^[H+V



MM]N8F5-/'TY

M
J'.H


M)VL:8I.CTJ'2[4CI=-EH=V6MBTI73Y=*4._IU`FCP!G&D1\D:9J^%XZ=*6X&
M86`KH
46U#CGR!4BR0JJ#:J-T&JC=CIRK[O+ZJ!:ZPSN!U5@YDW@V[$5239Y

XT3I
U%36N`8Z5X&@]
M-V9$G:F]G;0UHI9?!/Z@;:\/0F_7D-7]G;.ARJ'*'9S*J:ILM!&AJ@'^E-@;

K':Q;W)1S=S`]0/BU
M_+(JO3_^K_36-L.E+B'3I))@1&4N3BHCC[?


_J64)T]FP.^2_IJLRPM73


M^_N`W-

M6K$Q4`
;`^WF./UU'F81S=[H;L&%^@LL0:Y(=%6@7


MQV/5-Y89!#/'NX=:G=B+HCG/IFEM6JR'DE`L&`'W8.OF!'C!RUYNRMU'HU
MQCJ;!;S#.AN
]#?
S



M/


21'\,[R(Q8_'WVWY@^Z\2?3'T/

MAH12
T<%5()[5O0TM0ME<U
M\/NV[4!'3=.]

)



MOCR3!OW_/;MC]\?IQ7-/VC:R1Q*V)'V0DUBT[G`?K\=L`?_`]&:2:5E0.A]R





M$P=.:#L67$4EKZASU
N4'DRZ[L5
[8AS[TEA/`P=VS'9P@ZZF$A*@2JE6YDJ

?2MX@N
W^;V4)(F9&1

RVLOU(0NS#7(:P90`Z=

M`7SKV]5V2]8U8^G;\WE)ZA0XO;G_=N.S:S^V'R`Y6(&64MT,6&K!)TQ^DJ/
M6L1P;LZ+KHH9+5N9MCVO&V`#1Y9D'CY;$\'EIE+O)E'+@I4Y59ETU0+MB.?


M0%_4.%0X9KL:(F]/W'N60$Q0Y90_&Z

R%]`;*TT=
7T^(WF#_`8=M
MP[K_3,V[WA,?-JQ^XH/\0?62?F[IQWH+U:L![I/8^U1GHQ&Q6!I^FL3*TC73
MJS(


MBKV?H-=&`+4$IF07N_*EK?AF:3=`


]1/U\_#D3T0!VZ;S

M['(T5=%E!2O24-%0T;:M:&U4M.8Z66+OFO4MRX^]*(0$)N(\L%P^]/:%M/@-
MYL_!0CWMU?(W6*0/ZAP[FF&ZAQS?6UQ-[0DLZ]!^)%?C!#7U]
B]]@_AQL



;

ME;9Y7I[8&V\8NS://P@KN2?^-1-6$O53%/D2C7VHG[64/Q$%3&`'3NQMNH$?

'\.-G+7NS)]!X;OJ'6H=3O4NK:L][!@NL$^E]B;





MJPD^9GH@'-*?I%Q'?)`V-].*$W\@%`G]`=Q9U(T-CVJ!!'\$4EA;(T7/N?1
MH03`94-Z3)=YV]B'S.*%U$U\H-EU/@CZ=(
Z%MT598T1=4ET[/A#TUZI#^;
MTVG@/SD3

MF`8%#KUE2PS#DGEZ\V`C=AV1O1:./GUX)*TW%%_(K'L0
SZS-J1@[]R?(]


:)%7+MQ`I
M)A*#@?)_HW!1Y%YGE#I#YG-Q?M6_[I\C5V0.16O
5&ZX&BQ@GEUVVP*GJ:65


D
MAADL-CHD*6?Q:CO5TYWFU
^=.F%F&;^YN!J9^JMW\Y0@L$&P$S:%:/W9](


OAVU+#O9AWJ/!19RVO@)K1

MNFJ2K3(O95[K
7
MT\?O

MU:$-C;3#


MD81`R5V!(N?A/?



M2K(F=XVN/[-+LDH0UIF2'NZ1(6N'\#!FO-2/V^J`;66C.PKAH=AH5RT[KHR[
8_JH)%$JN#0M1!(7
CE9Q)L-IX?V-CKWM]4(@ZF3W:G7*(^V)DGLD63=
M8_JY1X&L7;_402!2H*D.`I''O4DRFB7WU*.D
)
]_%-D]^_44*HT-$--=5!3


;BYJ1D=9W/YR

MN@IQX=TM#9A%3&\X8F[`%_@ISB]G`-AC?`XVR]9KW59;)=K*Z)31;=+H.LVM
T/-#^Q].MG`]ONV&U+W#Y<UJMI:D86/\3G<Y+O6:*F9
M6\KHE-%MU.@
K:6
;G^YE]PUK^]XK

M:.KOR8_CJ]G=BU2&($5HV&-\#C8M-_1:J[Y50K;'6J7P458WW^JTFJ;7E=7M

MIYWN
3X'F[D;[1J\0Z7ORNJ4U6W0ZIHUHZL63.\QYY*[:';&@N`=^8
ZD5B]


!UJ]ZM
M-1J-K4U3EEIME%DILU)FI;C5KM6L2KB5[3ZP(!PR-\1/7T\N5`90B?-7:\G4





MLR*'G0^2*?37]*G'1R-[KG46




O@PY%V]%'7ZRU-UU)!DS?DW_QY
&#PQ`?6YP0-I+^D(;MD

KK=ZNES5L

M3#
)75B)<'KV2





OT('
AB0^K_O;(.%T?DIM'L-C+EH
6O

M4^JSQ7





7R*0\:*LO!X7,95M6I
MLCIFHY

UF
Q$M&0B6






O4;0Z_![T!75N#B)
MH/?4`N#F`.-%80!9@06/.R9?X:W$\_D[3#\623R]]?(X[T-KW^D`326#&Q
M&MKP9^3#`[D$(\[C`S+R68!]9-6(C6B)%4K8&H_/`HCW@D'QF4@$CKGBHF[
?QE'8!T`N5#D+8X
M!V(0)__[T?_^L^M1IG*`@JA#IC5AZ


M0[Z+?HH0]Y4U

Z3


MKPTS\'5XR/\(3E1H$]@CN'%`Z

MSGJQYWSN



M4L6'L`G.TA?)IDC%*'R%R]=GM%XP&FLJ8.59!P^(Y?$TUMF



M=[B%_BP#



MN;?9@$Q&%
BY

3YBBF_9P<@+./GR@S2


JFF(3R8F3(X
X+EDA./]






M+3S2X0N@KZ'U7N18&&PF4RI$U9$



M.Y1/D\F+G)APHG]#RFMR

M$U!_*(9$$/EIV^)B4Y#M+SX3




M*QD48VI#_=/MF8)[Y[SL**%GA\MG\R;R\V&HM\P1JJ:NO'0AW6$O@\-XU4





MG;K)!;;ZJ*VYZ':@/V8)`_-*1I9YSP@J(291Q[/I3JMEY5E=_G@'$LC.99+-


T;

M&C![S

T=#_)*XB=D+2.ZXN+GLKKV?8/B%_=
Y[OW'RY(^S)\^Z5U?M
*&(V+QD@@C
M:H&<=


#Z6J4(;$?)S
<001@`&
M1OFRB[,0Y@+4%`G5J9@Z_1P%:)'0(M74(BT,[^I66NP%5KL-3R1<M]_3?H
ME\@B0P6LF`*J:.!$'R-/VV?__GK;_?WZ'-3'LOI]RQ)UX)RFX!'7Z3/R$?A

YH(.3JX5*)'18C2649]-W%M.WE

M%]/.XW2Z?M/IEBFUC);P&H6(0\35!'&Z)FDMC%[5P+$2/'J55OQ&%UY
VXZS


M)S7;[B+*VHG@&V(

M3S4FZC@-CZ?A9DL]Y'(G@@Y!]]Y`9TA-59



_TC!D49@I.@D7[?F)DT_
_F_T^*NZKE*SC3*BK*L(

MFXCWDGS)GR





K%S<<



M$[^LP5*4K


MH)Y]L/-^:K%8*H)\*ARM%G3;@EBA:+
EM5IXY+%&$J-$QER3!PZU$-?#C!
MMQ[U`FJS(0V^XU&-@HX)F'%4OXPC59
EK7$P-PPAAY![;Y!36@T)_H17*9$A

M:@-!5P.72O`HU;D31H'S
([\(-UCZGOAP!EAT$I0@X\SZ/K-H.=E2837*D0=
MHJXFJ%-
4VHU



M+`)6?
#J4DLV)=G$_
JRG+NW'!I3^
27Z1$QRZ?


/%I'Q\#]@@?%T^384E_D+X?$$:MP?14&0^Z
M@_2A3^%_H45=





4L'LW3*.@5-:1J2JJD(V)(&AK=D


S@&X9/W_



M-0X^+AH3=MAUUMK18TC

M0KRZ1+RY@7@%U+(
XJ_`NO58






?

D?O[?BAE.R-3^7_C@HSHZ9/YPW6ZW&VJ&P



W_2;K8`


M&?$H\0J1YWL4ZPQ*ELHM.='*XB3?R7@+)YR*CA=&P9A;RZQFM:-$JRX\^R5K

\;4]?Y/V9+
MTUM`O'`3/.?WR2?Z.?X-O/@A(YPM


]@X
\^C71
WGV.@SQE






M










M#HLK8G'%PV\\QN**Q302BRLB8!&P%0*L+LFF(NG*P99=:P'8-U5#W9[&_16+


X&\
OC$`8OH-JS

86+T42*?Z1K\[

?SK








MU.FIZYQ=..MK_


M;%[(NQ0(';-!;QV-


ADF02E#W0C/T3$X6GP
M^QY@@;1[E9XYXK_`HS/`IPVYFOWN#VIZHQ:7EZ4F+%G:UCY&X35V/G*^`&2%











MHU7%

MY^R2(B
1G!N


5P'*PWS


MD

5\&Y^YX@FO2%9#8Q+@:4.G)&5I:&?3Y?`E0J.FC=)-IKAD=
I$#W0;1'B
*D4JAKP2@,'H((71.`&_T]NPB22Q!EY\[VT




M+BWUQ=&9?JP=F;[L';1AZ5=6'LO[\+2I])RJG&)#N=`O7E_UA3`F&X#
M5[

T?KCDCDBWV!&.PG6:ZRND8BSJSTI2DRD=D7:OT5TPU^


58'9DN9
M-!A;N&C2+3^E@&/.9V\X]B8*,O9TW:58O#Y^CLI^F^@1E/DKS8*F\E8
2[



M+U3S25.YS8X=JM`S`NE.=UL*8:!I6X89A)3QHH;3%E5R_D%V-('.X$L]:?


EDO6YQ
M16LAKE35:Z[(M/)0N,I8^G*\XG%BQW/0_6XC:+P$B7\Z0*S<42R4<_@?-Y






MK*VS]F%!][F0?!IG1`6-15Y%L4MF[9+]Z\0WRGP'XRBM*BBXC%V]$M?BF']
M&[*G7BDG%`@5BUT^MX0RS)0-5`Q#+%.-/PBFZ(Z6^WVYAA0T1F$&2;UVZFZ

MAZ4$BI0:RG$^I[B#V3/

\
MAR^/!*:)8AYQA@6.L0!;G



MJ=7J6&GX31J^M([W--O$@)V#;@='H^E'2;Z9Y9B8+C_BL@S8W:4GA#P;I$W;

`
@W*!`P:'XU1X0[KQ$K1B06RL

NV/%+$C-
EL?4H]G)_5YL
9_3)OJ<_!5BWUDO%:`OEXZQO)G7A6VOG9?]G@3?OFXE:2%<X._




M(OX'3`AW#+!Q6.0HZ?A4I



2



MJZ8!].VPN$9X,]W1:PC;UF9[V]4FTZTV2)'^`.1N!==19[KK1XG:<JU53-$


M@83)Z71V4`:M64MUM\BHE[8^-7V]N;!5K?M3BSXBZP1-_0(5B3:VG/^3JB

M




).QS9T2
+L02XZC](A`BD=3UY@\OCTG6


MW.C4]XMAP6@RVPA50I

M6;*WTE4D
8@PSA2%-!_77YI`#0
M++!A,MMR/FF@42?`0F1*IS3OK2M7
]:6M.
._;3)
LV4]$7W.P*'O%R`F`'




=(`*%!DGK1!HG[_E:W)-1H%'
L



MUS(CA.
/.$(\QJR4.[/W``_OQ`;V]Y]G!]5W3B2#M-!)LD#N=4]
Y%:Q.]E:


M_UX*AB+W=KVOO(&S[QC.OBC97)G\/.


M-NAE4F]KU+1&37OC:MH985?'-HA.HQ-#D0^2((F2:T:3_Q8)US(*T?^Z7L3L


M.Y9?ID(F-NAR8&@-Q&*F!6BO6+6!G2NFHK$*WO(33)VDE#+%06A.8`_&CXVQ
M^V9!*`Z1#-\/93G4B538OM
K



MM7U2F65$XN^4

MLD\2^3TT$GJ907N5=^:EJJB[D7FU]8_*./F$M2:U!P4UB=0E')!A6_PI#(64

HT\?P!XGIF9RC^IPBN364@11
X*(ICX65J

MXJ[


*H'B
M^5.6J[&$&`Z,Q6\0/9@7#UTE9//2]^7U#886RM%XYI-'^M+(3+24@5O;
MV#@$:B(2)X\;EB&&N@8&A94Q1T,$&DY7Y!!8F:?:F@_NW$WE`N:Y2BAD

S1)23'
\60*F'2YVY#)_N!
Y:G/$6X
N
2GCP?

I77'N+7@D=`;3*N14$




5


M!C6HK
YP0NPUH;03\XUV
7PLYE<9


MSPV!\]'C`C'G)7#H\YU8$\[DWTXDT[[WXQ5UNX?1K';^-$?C3CG(R/H!

QUA-\+Q/


M:*


PQ8@


U*%))MP_3E4E%SH[&]B\T
MDMH4+J86-3ZUIN/CW5KIDGTZ(#P=N'*1G!
M%U2W$E5^?:%3DQ&MBW:Y`PM%OHSXX.4U:O/!-/AA$'GHU2Z

`OG%F]=<7L<2L?C4;2'K


V_X7]2(&B:D/`E[


M?I$!Q43ZA%G4M`!DJ$`*2T-1DE`B=&1AGZA5]U'AVU*`:XZDA4#G6#-_5R

D-H






G)

?$LV\!V^GOAS


O9Q&;JA_E5FX3P'8X159J\'-S5X1QU&R#N
M!JM/LT$X
B(J'
?G)$.Q?%-.C+XF?

K615
MWJ55X7)D`OK0[*36)5M&6G#'AE=SS%8DK035P*K4J?0!*L;!\;\MYQ#XK%T(

60S?'9-S$&P1^##`HD
MH#=)\
UCJHQVELA3$W^-B1M0M!-QCM@+/-?Y6*2P.:;CAUGHM3``#\V22=D4
M*3

MA(`IOE$]#LGY5(
FYQJG4:0^E=4FZ#
AW@DI.-+[SL@%VO(/_P;B;&P/

3I#
+K`9`-)(!D



KORZS+AD'DV9MQO*_
8H\Z?70YD)J(W=+M7@?+_8I@A3/FT(
M)-S32GH`D5.]2LD6F)'C'^M

M-JOBER3FIK/0E)4JVV&%SLG:CT0]P\Q:DX[M1/K'Q4&HJ`+'5B7]/I8K4`V`

M;F1OQ\C'45HCG<K37F30-80\F63R=/70\@U9M63;_USJ0PS2)X8'BO4

M
U6HBXHINC)H.%



M8TYVP8Z/=UB.Y`KK[
-')T7^]&+N6WL-)VLXV9+YQ*^OAY


222?!OKX=)6%AG!%1;C@5)FHC;_2J0U`C4*&19H5(_9@K.


MS2JOM)Q+]!K8`K^DWYPT
R'Q9WQXY


!C]
M*6

$

5_RZ-[D_VZ2A/:



M8^X1JQLJP=-:W[*LMX^6%B;C`S.!`('*/D9/)F3(ESU:'AM@O=TD0;\U=O[E


'I=)8JKNBOPAR8GJDW\35OOI:O]HSJYE



.W76H/O$F1R#X5J\DM]I
.4B*7HY!P-K&0^EXII
RE3?/?Q5[99B
MGET\:S@^JP292]*L4KL(F7I

MY#&_-0[S_UX/AZD=3V'.9:VPA&9'ZE?0$W5P%2/I;Q\Q&Q,AAIW@J#/1U8I
MOT5B\T/QU0Z$^1I+FRBRBJ?KQTV;4-IEHW'7U\/I2EAUW1!UC0-&E$;&I0`




MK(UYT[:FJG)
J$-.<RVWG'W\=%7[N[7M]\Z\$L\YB6?SL[_^
G!
MMERP'OWVU?G%K&5\.?W\2]TZ[A6-`-/#Z_CGM0B.ITY.^N4CC]S9TMVRIGKJ

M[75_6`'A[%G.8A@&021FG$5G%8ZBBC]M^C^G8P#7/BR?0EZ?#W3VK./:VOYA




^]P+6$\WFW6)Z@\%!Z:[HOAH=+803[


M:NRL'S?FJQ6E_2NM5J\J[5]M!=O9=;OMCKN]U5EYH&J0KD&Z-X)TV^[^SH&[



M
/#X@0?WW:KQ!^[6P;Z[W=YO$+9!V`9A5Q]A=]SV;L?=Z;R8V_5-(.P\52@G



W&ZDTC&IU--T0U:!CF6/SIX7

M&'-G$V]J?O:8:A;#!_;F4Y-KE

FYWPHI+=8AR5&SA!^MV=P_<O=T.72YG
MT[H/OUQJI]7&=Q_0-NNM\*7[S2MS$NO5H\ZK0(Z/'M7-<Q56?AH[)\(76,S?
MG/Q6NWW@.I^/+Z@%$2(8UGP?PA\8(;8N@'&<WH8*7?X
?2HVH9$=E1;*Q
M-Q9UL

OL&D6?&2U/MYJN]286](F
MH![T7HBTU**C:AJL(!_))M$.-J=2':R0JG*G`M402E%7.(+N#RZ5_9=ME607

M)

P^(:Q%HD`9U2NWLB#+)//)5I91K$73(JN5MN
M2?*-











62



M@X8+

M
N[Z'E2'G#):51QSE51QBTU`@7DDV
U98)MX3\&O)23QP/@+WS\Q'-Q:QSXR



S




MI12
JFDSF`$&L..-:AY#4Q]5L!B5<!.A
M$B6;O-D/QF.0.C@$U94#!5&)BU#=@OL-*2*/0M%@?*TI&CIK`*IB@6Z9.6:&


-

XITW+F18#


M6#NS?5B[Z

)_
MT[R7XO+160`OLB$S(#--=6'U?JT2%X?M\9;(&BXGYN.9@*YI!^2XF4'WLM/

;#
.D]2L

+5PTZ9:?4L`Q
MY[
W''H43)3E[&F[2C'X?/V=%/TWT(2


/)Z




'


M[










MV1EW[

BGBE:+



ZATBJLDEY;#3`:.:G#8
WT+L7NUR]]Y&
M\+/:!3_;X1!5S4E
S'8MKJMS&+GM=(2M9F


M3H]Q$$?97X193[M\L;DR[.K/OV2QRY)S@!YQD'[OE\T&F5&:$.\B88PC9I1R

MB'^:S@1;%!QU*/
Q^WS4.SGJ+#!YFL3\YZ80$+&DZG\'S'9SE&0]IWX`C'V
MPOO.7U&08`TREO1@$-OPM4W@+-4!#&C?\VC9;[''N;R\VF1QTX6/4Q+UA;X



;$
+*^JV8&:EC!S*'V!`

%]%RY:5!2DD!
M'B2EY*#GIV)JA/O3Y;
7)&)/


6.-_*C
M!Y0VO2'HD01$K$.YIS_$U/L^H0&W591M?RH=QDS:C./GY+*3'H23VP*QZ?X%



$CVB%G0@E4:LP


MOL1+Y;I#Q+\.+],QC(Z:!+)ED0MPHZ&X4`+^?NQ3F
$/N7B(5\A(_ZGI=
MDS3?PF


5Q+15!T17J@C59I_94`SP`N&.T3&)#3CE




7SD`2Z.\?HPHV)'TYH:
M-A!.JIAS1%7`J6D8P^EBJQ_ZMXA]QV*
7AUJU`UF&B(`N#G
-CI-=M.G:@H#
MTFLQQ:T\?7]*0A+%0N

UP#.&/;*T
E=C*E(COZ:_

V^@W3YRX
MM`)9)XT`[W9FVP!+3UU-_Z;K8E0DK4!.+?[;U;&*6Y\F?'#GRYTK/JBG%0[#



M2+TF@1X3[O$F^2ZZ4%V[ZR#&F&P?:A@.2#2C47HF;S@NOQNHWE^WY7`@[F!M





\/U
M'RY
`
#O[O*E\A


5A2%?

H$`/H[#
BD*@

=10E7'@\'&?//0[PHS80



4+^69-9=M7
M

(L[FA=L=

Z6-35919$0+H$#8P

[2%C45`IOY;6Z`-XJKE*6$CBA(EZ
MTROR+'Z*3%U)0]

O#VAC?$/FN&1Q


O'N`Y


;R0&@O4UZQDY)
MN#NRYD3GF5NBTW69E.\.JTN%1C1&LC1F94[P!M*RJ%\YAJ
%#N;XEH;QI&)R
MS(IQ@UUN2V=P&7%M+-&.7(^%:O_`B(T6M#:G6?

M*G

YMJ

MAR@FGDOWM^'6&N2WTA)PH8#/JO0LAX76#/;9P]8*PFXBD`VGUO*RJHDFZ?

MY;7]XI*

M[T2X
@+0O1S!+97B.&H


M^R9(72@15Q(0D^I^Z7;9`)A?)DCD#9G_]C_?YM&'%T+3
(G_]LO@+Y]_^4!B


L]+W(%L4[B]HE



IA



MUES4HH7:D_DM28+7


?1




=2^T!
M]!:/ALGH+=3:<M7QDZ,3AS*4?`DE,MV(22'/&A^6(\ZD]2OI]QNB!^.`U)
M<+5URO*D))HS.3IU*F1'B`14XW[`FE)`?$E=GPH$IO4%#67DMM6.-V*;H.






MW4U)$&JX7WG#)T
$7@@C(8CD*

MH!-(KC


M-RP(48%0(

GPP1N$+4G!=(3`1((*@&/I#:%0SX



MY/0PW(-:.`5R79Z7@/[3=H6J;NI6;3?KZ6$1J[/.7I2F1:Q.7?I-3(M8
?:)


00:

6.24=Y




MR



M52

G



GB10)MJY0I7-'H3MN!@&(OOE(=HG'UKT)7O.-
M6M2R3HCQ6L2OKE.&F+$U@!JX:N2`%*WQPE'/JQ=72ZE_@,1!NIT0+A&*
M8`;`ZYOW0XH$6]^F[5?_Q0NC\KVO),<MB[Q\\=+0U_Y0*E<=O3-5=(((;86
M3ZNBCJO




M^I7370

]=0F'P0V


P1O


ME`3
N@/3KC#5[LD_\S`-
_B*TY?0)^7W_I[XR:P44:$82-Y;A\-#.^=HVL_
M/)$7Y\*2A.FES]=1\MK/N\GW3F'FZ9?GKBT2(SO`I^J+XY6Z#ZH]
MV=X%/
M7)H.K=(M3]09M74HR-(L+5\K/75J)[2]WPB#+4J(%+M;0N-*0IEU:DAS;=
MDBD$HSA@_V


071_7Y(U

UNE*3@66E89[67\18,(?T#EHRA]LG77K]*\<&,`\$KXH4JMTI@-P!!Y





M@T@FW%
2(3#R#^0E=


MH)Z




;GS6#[]
\E'Z@UZFG_8RL'U)YQHJ/V\_B?RRTYT^..NQTW;(/RU&7
M[42;]6$Y&K@THDW[L!0
%)RI'+K_[
.R:K]P-'!I!+?IPU((2B'2.I2#[L-R
M-'!JIK;LPU+P7R`P.:2#[L


MS!4

M=C



8KK//ON14IUMG
MT?QEX%)YLFV-`T0(
BXDKPE?.AP
R-K&/?C/)
@C
I[RB]E7SN!TF1'X7IP#
X<S(D#D<+*'&UD7N*DR9WR.G0F0CMMMG97SXR_MFS#*_

B2
-

`U


HS$OP@Q4?[

7




M\==T`ZDZ4H-AD^
SI$D#&N)9TR\UM#NWFOI\)^JL?[4

M2OJ_&-IS.7-G`KX^E

[&U*X=TV


41/M4Z]-@BM





MD-4YX'\5UB6




M


`PBR


JC=Z
ML=E4

M]D


U1HW-H^E:?O*L;W


M_



T.0`D15:*:.9
M2F%5AP$.!'X9BX*J@W
;TA4%+.7?.NDD(!N!@\76%T\#JMN(;CUV*96-:#C8

^Z





&=


.Y





M*K]&10OY1


!)0N?1+M/+D'M4\$U(0UGRX



3:=A%`*9X^E]Z#][-/B/6V^^(/*D7<4LH!S!
M/0!]]FO!D;=+Z\C&\9`[_:-!=5U-L$4`(BULH%$=9.C$8BKN\M2'&IOF7.8



U_#.'LF

HI7_&2&<A:L,CDY09BT5[

M*X;#/2G@_/?B#$Z
111ZL2\U;+46`/`'H3*+D`G$VL#+Q


MDC



M))T!Y6(1R%(3'[9J8WL0*BXKT:%TE76/.K/U[VCX`E^EN\CSY;6=Y1
`)(8\
M#




MPNI2B:Y1-%D*
+(0M*37CN,V&JN;T'Y=?E)DUS$OP$%6^#1_GA-5H-V(+`

]3?63VZKM)K?O'YZG_K.7$G8C+(F+
MKT1!F]9E=]-E`!LSX#^^]@

RWY25TF1M-.1<@]\[IH@G*7CDS0;D$@059^0.[M<X*S&CZ7=HL

P0917.$1S


M






6`*





\.6T9M+EK=!WY6]`[GC
M`2$!XW\W1'H=&(XR.X5KS*@-.7$&PZX$+A@FHA)C`;995UQ@.PVG(=9F;$V
MCG^F,A52?Y')Z0D&]I

M$8*
#S.)MT6+./FKF6_6V+UIL#:P#$%FB-D&L03:7G*8-!BRWJ;+=-1E_FE9

!+@(LD6:O:522.@3

SDWPRA/\=IS




7T31



MNMJ=]J@`
2!-2FJQ0VVS!UMN0VL&K#!VOE&-`%A(':[7FO-N`0MD0.Y\IS
M1TI`*[I`5$CSPCJT@M0
PY;68E%C[V@7:U(`[/_#.0J-6(.MO))=+^D._N*/





P?I:MP;;=58]C@FP@PTX5@@
M%H
SS=G;OBUV!1O


M[K!:2K.


M=#EULD
%[
%6A



ZS&`P*6_S)&VL$
^L@AO09WRK:J
`A1.73?:Y_(.
M7R7





M






M:_^9!'E$QM.O\T64O!/R0.@+O


MG
I%*)L#5&/(GMNG#-7LD!=41-_ZXJR'$;4=\@42Z+;YB%GSA3


P31A=IFYXN0[E`-VU(&G6_N(

'Y(T$C\E-FN:$IN4U)`V_C
YT`(ZV]Z7X2-='

TE7X0IDW9E+98^RQJ6/[$_H*BWFJ(%_

M8&B[18K/5S$2@8@Z\U_L4JK\IO(G`#BG_D;M\U+




M=LP

7D[`TK
M+Y1=)W3Y*S9.UH%@OX2`

M@FW0G7.Q*;PM72$=O7AAQ+QW\!$MBK&Y^+8H'@D






$(1&#+L[U;B[^HCZM@_=98

M
EX+6-(;]T9+D`*YV^YV4_D*2SU4PO%`;6_
00T@`K9W6$LLAD




P\T4L-UY+L4G[(6NZVDU+_'WF*1S')RF=%M+,'9R10
MBB!Q4?0U/


OG.8PZR4

Y1!OKZD&EZ6_$C]C

]T'X+L^?J%'/567=E
M8!?.%$-)LH05R-B:?0A`K:[.%*C:;0GA4L`0G







M4S&HA5D%B
SE8$%HN)P
+J7GP.7`#12-IU.6UKWP?#+*?I#7_TRHN
^9?`*0

5ED
=W8=/Z^B`@^WUAKIF):+?VA4\!5N%
M)RIO&)#6[24$$;=D/*V2;NUF&VNXM!0VK%7F?YOJ[_?WAQ[M'WXP'\92C]
M#'-&`J4=IO^+MV:=QT+B[5UMXK+WFCQ1]N#BN8])E8P3*;?5$X'^#J\(F#!?
M%PNVTM@4+`V%,P*5[[/W+N^3L5







$<@(BC-;.(^WQ9*?!@N^1K762X5!2+LMM;2\+5


L!`XN0S&)8

M9DKUM\/


M_-*ZS'#9-5:%MZ]*K_?Y7&K0K/\.1&XDJ'8\'5#9H=^M]5;;\-_YB2GJ;P)
M]=8@(`N!?6C,5AX(MS5:=4K\;)?$N?B,X'Z

;DNP_A8J_&^;`4`.@IL9
MYJ__#@#'M5:_)2D
F:4/





)L(O

XL/@$X@L`[82AB)SRP5S/7

MJ+7EU1ZJO8J^EGV0R^I=7T@

M7MH#K(1V$C]DB?_[P[-'23K.LS3S1.TE]8N@X#BTT%I(O+2=$R
ZG=DUG(


S7PC$S=T/


M
#$S
#
S




D0]%*2'+]?I#KQ[A[\31\DOCT$.`6(LR?_C






MAA?)


Q]0I!H+#DEZ`^'`!Z%%'KQ/VHY(*:Q.^_#<BR9F7`S0-KY`!BA
A=6APG'9A01LHE[FC&7V&V6-:[_1&\'M_?_%P
M_X-[W/9CH(M9&0#LX?4LR+?+)
3_N_CU$#T'

Q@MX1K_`!O2F<39<^&]Z45:

7-N5`R





M
[?S`[Q$PMW!F)P



'W/TO0(2

QI_%`U

*



0KSSS`C
D._T64E@W8C'O?8`OCH`V!4Q;MV:K
M+T#S5[0K`TF:O$



MY-87N&/0(
5#PJ1TU3X1CQIY&D
YM.D!5%;NVI+OT&HFB]9H#NE/[KA!8BK#



M)GEK:T(!-L$:`\J#'&X9=G@[4`''_A6)V^(D\CU+T=T9Q=B^`X%UXA*%MZ

I

-R
J-
MQAXMS(_DO]$ZVM



!.42&AO-!BBV:TI^B

)#CL\Z1@A5(*$4_LKJJ8`FVKBS`2.H.0FCZ@5-W89(Y0%1
M3\X`A









M@MLY1D.V#M]1V=*#B4

5P%G=![Z3C1K$<9#E'F3?#$(T%_X=#F<'C[(OPW\<U\`]C=W]TA[

MS`MJ$EL9TIEU2QHD

MXY_E4]NJ+6\TB?#7

]_$#XQZ+*4Q*QCZ][+#O=671\\UE6-KG7$U
0\WK*5



MD*S1=#MP?`%)(IGR3A*B!:L

M9
K






IW4BA@0N-&B=EE1
MPF?WRXRX7&\9I1XHR(UCLIF`8KC%'IQ-P
PA12*I?FI;&?;YN59]&)0:+X





MDI(PRR3\%&2_0/Q@T



AU


0



M

M.
C2W#]VKR

^C




MU


IG1#HW'N






M751;
VS_^R`*WT7)NU^BA/6DE5O8I)F@\)1WE=&U#)#U$P;69R^DTR1NYP_I
M


MPKJ
TQ?9A7(]
I=)K'U22'-7

MF4E5

=5<A[E^S0G

^Z



?


M+46(I\'W+[O?N



$AS=



C^ZQ#466G9/:KRE`P_7H7

[DTII$!PG]\=(+Z#L9K;X^%C+



/W3;O97O@-^:PISEO=/I?BT+B


?RS=
HH!NA9BKFQ\O[D^F0HP&O#5-61O;%J]P

0ERV:K^3;[M-.K%_O=M$0NXDO0F%4LI
M.:CH%X#T0,L%UYVX/5(:)RQB:HOC^D&0+D\5N^`&T.4NQ$^$)\.S=@9HD&
MK7NCTRC@T6=KGE4G&2(6:=G46XD:B7PYP-4&G]*N?E
PH?6[M#$FT5K-
9X


*N&V'7+6&#V82M`D@P4[Q:
K&HG];7^((_7K3_
M[9C`1D*7[Y:
E1$G@I)
S/10X&1
O+9(UQ$Y--

M:)-$S[R.FDT3+?


2U@3E]K?R^;\UK-[


]N6YC7OX]T&%
MFS^$.'$S


4E1XZAJ'
M'IA&U)]!R]AH1WJNT#1P%^:B2O-R(DLUY112
?OA.$N+OFJIEH*9R
UF
MDB8II:F+E9$MR)S2Z-6$
12GGM-)Y;6H)5Q3A\UY
1

4
M\945.$_H-BO+Z).R\;Q.$E/G@3G9++J1^J87D#=#2#]^+/L'8T&_#((2Y\

K&O8D.@6_7
M2(=CUYZ9]G-S2TJ:=E/H)69JUHUU






MJP0Q1$;V

FH*FK8+@%L#VMSMM&`@Q)V_F:HJ


GQDTP`F!5#76F9`SXF8UCE]
[4*48T#EP6A-0CN<*0SJ4MH
MG-)YJ7[H.3-+#:[(ZM0NFV-2%E,Q9?UCU@Y@2UBY52.8C4RV00OG+/+D1\
M<K4:0\+'RS7'PRFP='RNG,P':,D<5C^VO/&]=J1Q;M*'ZP/
8O+DU\/47'\
M!(LM3C[#UPQIA4)_S.-DN)']`_$IDX\T+@G^TL98UFY=0'I`=`N`-,'V52

6-L





M3X/]R7`HV[/:CVD:OD1QC-CKOJ%G=

MVX7QB*'U#

M5B\-:4C!7Q%H/7;JV^1@

M-T0J1HH
QN2]RR(E%[([+P0[OCNG;4XZINY\N\(^2Z2Q*^EO;GW))NZZGV

00(4

MIS1\\J=ZX\
5AS(8'-=8

6_'96+[B\\=6Q'%L+1JWS71!
M9K$X6\T*?B%KMX=)3DX2[FC


`U*N/IL$T+$0XOYP'*M
PF-[ME?

M$IV:U
'+Y4II^!P*F!`U@BK^9!W7'B7P(W&23WN#/;/!GUX@T:=9-[A
#T

XJA&?;CH'F9Q\X8:
MGC[8QO;@:^AMT.#RU0(&CZQG,-8K`F+6D9]`EI?`T$6R-Y./3S)[9[\:Y3Z&
M0]KBDC'*?\'\?4::R8H@2O`;PSK[%#F=_66A0@YN:83;$UV*+R:1[3&AEO\
MZ`^


F(=


OG\6Q*L-KG%Z'3W#T-1ZAW5G





M'



MXN\T.8'D^

\

SR3*O-14&G@\DMPDG*\4)$?'9_T#

P[R/-I$:X**9?B/`ZU/P=35D\RMYETYN.5G

W!L@6;PNLMS`\Q&B;O42.)HSB0Q$]PWNX

(?&N3^
M\B,X.,5^!C3?`=6'`/X28#Y%(EKEQP#Z&GU-$_S\@,N0^.-;[HRU5#DIJO(

V.N9L6
VO\
M057EP&SBZZ%R.-?UR2;WNJZ%KY9U$1T@$BN9F]A&@33U@*J+FPF<LHB0I(
MJ@!T*X,,6$0:].;0QDQDE@&5]E.6E.!JRG@.7^.!%\-ZX*B/.6LY[`[D_NYR
MAU^&^HT^;*+JP&M[7
5+7EZ3E

M%S^9PR%\^!

MSB)S*A7T+SH3HHP]HXPU54;PE$&2.`?0X83EFC=I.K!X3U)#G\\!SE#]B%


J.^(WZ%=
GXP)
&N




MAG=')J
/Q_*/AOLILQY=;IP


_P%F;X

_RW['F4&?7&V57\#H.FWS
RAGP'5


L'CB)N8H(
MK-NED'
.CF7#!6!


0:+^U1S/17Y'[0)T_+9.0

M.(O69



!LCB

6[9VG*9_^VO.B?3S>C3/#R[`/0+;H\ZYE(2HMHAR7/
M!2^?@@)F41#G-[!8;4R2`R3$[J*N
HF$4=@%0&2@IEL`1(GMWK/

MFROATPW(6K-W7`J?EL*7KP*V=.#X\MUP$V=OXXVU[TD\5
L=CG)1VCTY\U'Z

7WT+8-E


M;HIS$7I:^P4:,(\D`Z@O$D%$:M;!IVA:1B]RY'S_7HO/!WO-KZW&AQQE4&


TZH_@:D73*V)I@.W

MQZBS91+^[9C`Y1/J'OM+Z;Y93F)URZ#@GGNBDC0GETXQ`:@I?-C
3B6+VZ6S
M#I[8E;
^F`9#O





MF#!/?L^XA3A-GM[%T3


`$IT04\!IO7S^0DKJR:(FHL=50B9#COANX!02D):!-70=)M'D_AQO*
M?1QM9BYVK!

M;R$L0(B:DF`(_E
6/6V+O`Z

Y
4Q
MILP$(-\C*]Q$..)#[RU@[J.=ZVB-W);94(V.(5N

A




H
W

4SNR6SDCG\!G&
MJ?1T3)?0E0






M52B



I%:D'&GE]N4MF43Y#R3:U[UAYNQ4F&'KTI*M)RU^O)
M56RQS#+)`%(BHMW

MD&4?M3.J?)CKQDBCD4ME;=K3PE5K\C
`U?#ZR=S9OA3HXN9VJR:+N1;EJK`Y

'Z%]RL?@DF/SSF
M!:G#02KXU-5Z_K18^H^-`N/Z?D.BU7\&7Y6&X-[;BI^Q7W59+T&$]C
LB$



M[`R])#?1;1+XG


2%!Z3Y^SWMK`8:^OCDRI@-J!LY$.JOC'/
MRYIKQWM0(2K8':8$H
A^3?D[**UTGV)FUH%IH#;[CC39KJNR0H\AW'N%I@R
M;+#85`-C



MYE9Q\V-@?_Z;LN#&PQA+=G_Q8RHM^''O8Q261YNQRUL?YLS*+WT
[.\$K+C_
MLL
H*W9^YV


M&?))2];?0\1IN$3]ALI:IX*V5@==Q&]WT&D[4#?TY+!?JFYVS#5T/;S$;9`5





I(FH3JGUP?=B#=*

MJB6T'572QF=?B

PCB



M8_JX2W:!BZVN-B6%=*LWN$\'.\'A\BOW5^079?M%*[L*67[=
T@S0/K&ORU;
XZZ4?6I4&28'FQ7T<X8=VC5=^


K!23)(8BKSZ#E

M@#&M(93!/6*0%(G1E]KQ[54S


MM2*T3(%;_*R4+FS9MJY0V^)7-NRXH7^CSJM;
.@B70_?8&RC+
0/%!QIG?DT
MRZ7C+FEO=U


RC
M
`JRXWT0P]7FODC7ORAJWTIHK)_ZR?CG9JBZ[0+@UCAD1MI[4^%6.1K=HRS-

=W5MT
M86@;3-@XBX


N8-]BY94_ZFY5L6H*(DR2@+T![S;9V))[=39L^+ODM
MGDH+5Z/+[G)VTR2_TCL3$YF_RJ\7`H^M%XV7W2G[P7]G^.Z
E:DL7J'7P-E
MW
U];8A9W+G6SUF5FR1R
%JMEF#X7K:15=/:W]=JR

+





IZ'
M&;O-8'FZAC#





M-0-:RSL@/7E




`MB

M

M2A@/Z\[+Q5F/U

78^6#%$UO_J^\-.0G34YC+27\)UDQS`?MDNJ6F]3
)K

M:'H`31=SG0:E11`/
VA-0:^:Y;KG-BK#IIY%JH%I




M#P4I_UDJ$EX6-.4P@+N]FD69$

M%S%9TS-$[E?TK`1:Z_F:P*NEO$P



;GO3K=_Q




MTDM=AAH
!/8D078(.'7B`'K(=&B$'S/D)DS
K21P;U@5YUHF1!J[S$_39O\!

MR78-\_P'1AB/KLJ/N/[N\97VOC0Y$SLBS=T;#N5:.T5SM;%8C6+8O-(O$6:^


E:5
9O.]B;ED

HS`*








@[@]J^ZOMK?








'W'L0;3
M$.=#QYB

LPV


33;T_&%I3/'931F#RCV?.OD

SJ+\*?DQH5.
M9VJWK?`XI^.FF1C@3S!ZVJ+9?(G0&CS!:C5^FT72*K+6.#@YEZZO6VLG1Q4?





H*2F6MU=HZ)3]L:/TS



M2.F3`.`2#9/V^+.-G0U_BV/YZ..F'@X^KW/1V(L4/LW01\_ZIL\V=C?T+



H





@Y63\M

ME2-^GN+KC+Z





1Y]!R%

GVM]^&

$XU
^:S2U7RL^46R\]CQBS=^'8_WC7R.8
MH8'9'J_A

H6P7K9F-@:XW9ZF#!EB(8?/1=0#EJV1_*')B


]H]EM?MM)QAIZT3U]?E5^CHRH;S.K40;J(D

9(H-?5RVG`)\C&].XXM;<
M,:4?GGF.*?=_HV:4N@\/YX]&OC&SQ;Q!YT5I3UAO0C1C!1WA-?R
*8SQ)#-






3+)%R&NRB)\B)#;#]#
M?.







M20A?8?B07N7Y`68Y+8S_@#ZNVOHD5N?E#2EZF*.DH&2#A0I*G+5S(6`!-[




M\VB:KY&Y`/47:2W
'*T
\4?;E31)]!=]%Z`/
\?7;@MAOD&%@B^B!(1I'`=9




ML;J=XM:=6!#0LW-I

&Z.`0Q



Q*Q[YHF'XJ=NU;&LUMB:T5B!-887ENTC_Y15/IJ
?O\OWW[_




28:_N.0%^0U^8=T&88DX2F(;X
HO$K.@GU4!'').+EQ++O)-*`O
M^Y'2`?)R

A3=:D!U*-*Y



]:M0H'ZG3BHXV@@(5_`L2;NWH9?D`UKCK

M3KESBYJJ1;5;G](4NWQARF'`'3VITIEZ65P&4?9C$!^$3].*VSN95/OX%LY)
MM#%8%@`W!Z2]^VG55Q%
)E8=&?#$NL%
/^

35




5`O9'.!NV3_E`'<



2(?=6CWYDN.'.



QE?@YU
F

MZV.BW=X=)#I\JQ!!F_N(A[X!$

MB.@=!$D)


M_/8]CA-)G75O2ZMCV\]K=WC+5C@L#7!#3_RR1-'L

*`-`)E
?'%SJ\,OX9I;7-(D
M)Q\AH-(]P(]Q5LL<A]EJ$]X#O


[HP9!'^UK5
*A1-.E*1?CPF62A2JOPK,\
MF7JQ!S9$AH)$@YS(A1I$%II#U8V
7J
TK^[19DJ(6.&'(SR#/_A50HSKI55

Z$X?_M!?($


:2W6[[.0*X^9`&1O=2_YT:SIN046=F'
D4_@ZW=3/



M+Y`BV?9E1Z[+WRG



B9.$TIQW

M

7/G4J)Q#C`J==O#R6V6

A4WT6
6N_6(9
OD[#2


CN89_-K=6/%^_R_??O]OO3+B`$RJ(:,M2S#)FLE0W#I



*OD(




C9UF#6S-XIT`

M?5LX9%VD?&8:Q]2QH&4;S`L?IE`I[+B;#VK



;V:W[#G/)5=;
M@S3QPD0]XE:KI+F:W?:14Y1LTFQ';ZL&



5&I92GT\8J(KK\<:E:].^`-G`[[KVZ9,=:HLBYQI=&
M-?!+16ER7Z3K7^ZW`1JCU:'(BT#T(K,NH54D:$DBN)9!J0`A6P!*!A*M[C1
M'R
63*8#-_[N!3A



MIPD

O1:A?NX/[-
-7

P[S8(6@]0Y/@4YK)


MSK!P]3*48X(DH9)=(WKT;_0O]
-CD$
BZO\'4$L#!!0````(`&6(X4)I8`&!

?.FNS`0@K+TV0&!A

O'TCDQP&-IG_[Y=OSS:\7OWSX7__S__P_








%S@#4L
MLZW:OM?XCCX3L
0G/



R1

+3LU_DNB)NQ





M/J/GB!E]3CQVK_WI??X2AP(6=\H`T(LN

=

M9D14'/!C5&R49

3S
M2!9QPDZ5V4&6<,,IJP)VZ*0:I,8DX!:S*E2`RAWTKXDTSB1+XMV2@+J3JI!

MA#

M5&5\=#1P-0GM]TEGMA#6`2!.51
]0_-'J@)4GX94.=&I@Y&S_OGWTORF'CR2

&



9K:(Z
MXR
DGT818P*&I7CPI/RP
'#O)
EWQ(7'1RBD*O

MRI9-6O7'1RBB@SE


$.;;B462VE*





M[7I)GN


MVRVHV2J_6F]\@D)OL\N_`*;`%3HISZUO8+$%[GI]*_

M@Q%@+
DUW21UO(KSK-\D\N4D2VJ-3_NB:JE`IR@D[I6U4WT2I&YH$]

M95E7Y896X4\QVR:`X-`_Z$KT]L(EA(DU=D:V_VA\6E?]+,6[+PSTYJ;@_K

(G**306ZEEUZ5MP+WBHY/48AP!W
'+GZ!
M+W12G1L&`2V`/'@TN(U6N;9*N&5'=
K*XU
4RMW!_$73(@(/ZF20W2/)/!J1

Y9OS$/7H31`B!F
M)$KI*P$SQW/GA:Z)]EH\NR]R6
&3%H:GZ$0.@\W.]4PC\#1.GEWMFIHHQW7





M=76`A^)00(
#T;#3!=FGP?:%Q-/$6\RH?QM-XF3N;
?[1*9LRGLDW:B$DUU
MPI$%58`E9P_O[O?)\,$V=6T`AR,85FI\P3F:+KP^C;!1,O4B^I^GRAX6L[G

R
%[UEWTA-$;I.4V?
M#LJ3S=#VZ3V_O2M*.T&=49#_



$Z'Y4XYJCZ]
M1/@(K(!%V3G@-7DE89P+.:OW[)53@49M


M

M\9@A=P+8HGG*OCPDB`=!M!5$N@Z0HU6PH=U11K`;7UCJ'3R.2'A
;)`X'_

!
L0EJ!#Z%O`S$U?


ERJ:/ERQW
!Z\DGD
MP;)\^$9EZB2W_/@
Q4S(H4C!906$V\N5MKZ!!:AO4;H@/FRO2'`=SSTJVX0*
MZXQQW)T6


M8?R=?9ANXN0Z7KYDDV58O29VI7PLV*B=


M-G*+FB@M7:D

G04NX<


MC.-:LI$GZ


HJ[-&H'N'7V




P1[_






V60Y
M+?*'?WK?EEG))
/O7A+H.)WE7P(F4(1QF'E@*T;HTT7K\KEZ]$K2C`2Y#1K



HV'*S+(T?6+`4K)AR\_[

MBN#X!$74AH0ST3=3BJ@?X3@-3P1/4


M$IJ1Z_B[;
M8+0R&0!MEH?&5W\-A*^S&[:X5JH+F(C^VXND*G-49`O6)E\
MG-.27XZ3;16T&A@?GZ*0]PS7_P;8;


MK%#WY.
4A32B
IO4-_MS-A'F<+OZ(X\=@I!_!QJ1@E4@1S7[7[O3CA


MN`&KL=&S+-@933Y[203[M'3]W-IPSG9NLEV*C?;!W&C5G3-A2(A%Z):.9U`$







J[C^SRD]OL2E
M:FF-=P$
6TFQW2_EML!8T&0U'5)^=J

`&


M
W1/CN



M5,%G*.0S)16%43<
#\O*6Q




==O8;`)EAUKIRMZ@%578PH
@0H




MY!-OBJT/F]TR

O\.6[T/2)).J.+K7!J/.ESV@`;8HUZ,?X,.&UE[O`@?B8+W-2FN\5




MXNM/D-UM+9&DH+
*HP][#;OQ]2?(KJA6.1.0+$?T



@5H-@(FP:452.FMB\_6$:SSIT^-IN1CO*QI1\+!00
MS*^'YU/RYRC`+B$






M!-=FU5$&1S]0E






M./OY!D[YYMH9F&#1Y*SBJ

%T(=\H<^];I`(1M*.#,^];H0ZG@_V*G7!0KIK<;`W</0AU,O\<=J
M^XI#K37%MCH8X6R):*13[H^
EM/F)2L\F5)`R_RB;/D!AN(H\G^&L8HRX%)



[^[_._E_053`]+)(VS


?N'L8^K`VW5V_5+]3]W'D%Q%_
M$I+U&P'#X5(4]BCE.X`I/OOY#AVL;._CC*0/WCL;'3GD!651D\1+R6J9ZV)]

J

M6%YQ




MAZ/\K*,O?7+1/8\6JL#^05P4`HMOTBZM1K5!&F'N7Z+
-=@:4D?20+[WT5




[32P@-KN2FC
&M7
]EYXGX



M5#YMJZH!7A3[;Q$3U;E;#Y';4$PN@U^]Y
_/L'5.R/?T]O962ANW[/CT&$4T


4N$DW;]ERT)=7/B7EUM!+!*V
3T]1Q'`T=Q(I0(&/=/+F[#69





M*JON^FM065/CTS





M2.XAH:\P


XW9X?N/7C*.9I;'NR!0K32((W/M@25K2QV-F?K/[P$%I)9

M?:4!B0(6RO1`$I_Q





/ATO`T5Q'Z

MM]%S7
(V*GW4/GDI]4V7D:KVP%*X=
3Z:TD]J#CRYDFG@\]O)/%IRCYRW*PU
MPK+CLX\=D@@5

7^MLA`()-[E77!7!V4


M-KVXIJD?QBD




SA'.UJ

M!_9RA$ZCG1+7=))O7S/*+-#(!U7-@\VQ*D
-'4\/N:4L
RU(B#H8\_T__'NX
I




M+5;M'H


L(WK$CE9-)O%-

P=\Z+5FMZ.$ZT:`X.B4!L/X$
[B&VEY4?I0O`?
MQ3OS._CS
W+#-9H&3`BAG3YMI&CM56DG^4#O

L'3FA.4
M4-E*_;]_AHN`;*/06ZU(TF,4LJ@U-Q!!;/QXP&7A$Q&9LO2)N+PC&4HBX-1

]*.9ZWV

/D)




9Z
X045*^#0NW'9ZB4)K?RGDP&Q%C#H5
M.JK@]O&O4XP6C\-(/


M9$[UI*96^I*_




0A?!]T







M4E38X




M*XWH?#E7DK93#NC4+4JC/)X_3=[2


M



1




(4#W^(<\03%)*AA!NM<\03H6C8


MQX%AZ40M(!
:4=;*ER4-O


4QD=
O'8H0MC:^=

M/34)P\D60$5XA01WZQ5L!L*-

MXB#;BGVVUE&?A+?R@T`(#NGK((XG.(UOT;)].


M&<%M6F[NL4.N#=]&/D`13?K-/L=X<=!505PXHB[:XW#

M



50*&CZ[-;SCC):@7]T2T?;





M@T(8





++&1P
N[^T!)G93L^?_\#E:ET;2PE?))$DL_`R2@V$::.:I]






MMNR8U;@M




MC1!H'YX7^.HE?Y+



M\\P+YUX4W=#(BWSJA:O%7WH;^5*^#%H87QRC47UF30&UXL'$9KF+LX1B%!



M!W[+;E+3:$I@?T36L:8N@DQEO:*I'\;I

(C24%G%48?@D;7J+Y%Z8+X

HC]P]S#T(4QS$\=X1_*]
M^C*#C]/J9=S5[:
ZC9Z_Q_\D7B)_]=BP+;`FI'E\.ZT;P-+L8P=
M\JCF?@260Z'E'-Y[N26(A8S]F0!=KW'X=UB1[+/2?=DGY,NRCXGVK+/24]D
MGX-'9^B%(A.A/M


MB\;QW3P[^RO8C+W4H:P'7FEV?NG=\E72ED'[():M'?4BN@.+[BUR+%RKVT

BZ
EPEO$YK._IC1]$_R+IV)JP4!%`H%1&GWZD0L`H/Q

MC0YEN7T)RN_X8T5E6HOP]=:_(=Q?X`MJ@$U0!#;H+^^E0&S=/T-&KG)E
M+ZH5D&1FD5*FB[/94BV+I39G&QUCL3V3H[.41JD9NZ.L%R0-BZ$V:3#XTC
MK]VCH3


M'LDKB4SBY54M@2E1A**8S0*U0`K\I9



G]!7-B\J21=5`:.@D$:4['UH?7



MD+D


B


1L\&`B3F^JD.=I-

&
MD*#8HAJSP4&!
(GI'U0AYVX+``84`1'F




MU`U8ZO


NRW
O+OPLBRA+\N


*&4V;

UY!].@T.2T

M:'(U\Z(IR]7^^=]+FKT[N1BV[LYH\I3%_I^S.`1+IT6'=
12G?KCP?'`^1&P







@ZD.T






O=63QY5\)=F
B6NO9&5Z


W:8`44`O0AU]!&IK%U+\K](GK_%+%DNU64M]Z3
M(IJ-@/E^2!':U$(X[F2UY6)KH0L



A[]=BD



M`VLS2R_F\M69?B-@0!1=EWJ^8YDBE_@0)T4MO8#:YN*.NN5`(VRV[Q^V
MP$L.+'*WM0U\!




(_
DXN00*?]K
C9N7

M
B%^-II\?O/SC#V/X-CB\G2AS(I!DP82\U4W






WEP/KY
MCN7Z



YC.G([S^/CXRH
2




MV*UH.(B[LNW


























_]81TN


#W,*7QM*6Q.8TYC<8\N9[2@FO$E-)6X=EKAV`9E]H46OK.
MKZ3G=V#+5^'C(C(*:@&Z?3<%?PHE3$1K89Z
`Z[IB16:*AG]2-;6A7U@#SF


_0714`A;8Q[
M@'N<8C]RC@\G%_!15ZX\A59*Y:/[NE)!%NQ;*Q`T_KH[?27PXH5][7L[<WP






M_`KQ^XQZF






ME=5;


M%)*UN[[!JWO

/SK\\4

QX%UHA5C5#E4$#\ZP`L
M.HX?@^%P:(L\EBJA88T\F$\GQ!WB;CWRS42![38(DXE0-5$PTFP/$?TJRV






MNKI2I\1VCMX9W298]%)X+DZ[%!45(5^LLHPI?M%5VTSP?0(([-%/%?#
[`;Q

MWGM:K
62UY1#M068HO6:+2)H[=R:LX9*02GW./H^#$6V0-^!HP#]2895RF)L

#?S[MGKSNOK&E964IT'




#$S
#
S
M

3
P
S
Q7V-A

4`````!EB.%

3
P
S
Q7V1E

3
P
S
Q7VQA

4`````!EB.%

3
P
S
Q+GAS

`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In March 2013
 the Company determined to reduce its sales and marketing efforts on its wine brands
 which do not provide a material contribution to the Company&#8217;s results of operations. The Company made this decision to optimize its resources and focus on its faster growing and more profitable spirits brands
 and to reduce the levels of working capital required to maintain necessary inventory levels of bulk wine and finished goods. The Company intends to continue selling existing finished goods wine inventory through its current sales channels
 but is actively seeking buyers for large lots and for its bulk wine. In connection with this decision
 the Company recognized a loss of $1
715
728
 consisting of $817
156 on the write-down of net intangible assets and $898
572 in goodwill
 as well as $326
869 charged to the provision for obsolete inventory to adjust both bulk wine and finished goods to estimated net realizable value
 for the year ended March 31
 The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended March 31
Balance as of March 31
 1
126
 117
Balance as of March 31
 1
243
 (898
 145
Balance as of March 31
 490
 March&#160;31
 170
 170
 535
 557
 8
271
 8
271
 664
 96
 43
 994
 994
 28
 28
 10
096
 10
729
 5
404
 4
906
 4
692
 5
823
 4
112
 4
478
 8
805
 10
302
 March&#160;31
 169
 160
 230
 197
 4
409
 3
857
 166
 16
 12
 578
 511
 5
404
 4
906
 Amortization expense for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 totaled $732
783 and $734
179
 Years&#160;ending&#160;March&#160;31
 642
 636
 635
 635
 635
 3
185
232




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.
              
 -Paragraph 42
 43
 44
 45
 46
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















Disclosure Of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-Based Payments [Abstract]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;NOTE 13 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;A.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock Incentive Plan&lt;/u&gt; &lt;font style=FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#151; In July&amp;#160;2003
 the Company implemented the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;2003 Plan&amp;#8221;)
 which provides for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. Stock option grants under the Plan are granted with an exercise price at or above the fair market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant

 there were 2
000
000 shares of common stock reserved and available for distribution under the Plan. In January&amp;#160;2009
 the Company&amp;#8217;s shareholders approved an amendment to the Plan to increase the number of shares available under the Plan from 2
000
000 to 12
000
000 and to establish the maximum number of shares issuable to any one individual in any particular year. As of March 31
 2013
 3
300

 the Company&amp;#8217;s shareholders approved the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan (&amp;#8220;2013 Plan&amp;#8221;) which provides for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. As of March 31
 2013

 2013 and 2012 amounted to $282
314 and $190
463
 respectively
 of which $51
075 and $32
107
 respectively
 is included in selling expense and $231
239 and $158
356
 respectively
 is included in general and administrative expense for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. At March 31
 2013
 total unrecognized compensation cost amounted to approximately $481
119
 representing 3
886
182 unvested options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.22&amp;#160;years. There were no shares exercised during the years ended March 31


330

570

800

837



120

330

248

736





031

160












120

248


 2013 were 4
248



688

837




593

800


513


871

 risk-free interest rate
 expected dividends
 and expected term. Expected volatility is based on the Company&amp;#8217;s historical volatility and the volatility of a peer group of companies over the expected life of the option. The expected term and vesting of the options represents the estimated period of time until exercise. The expected term was determined using the simplified method available under current guidance. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the option. The Company has not paid dividends on its common stock in the past and does not plan to pay any dividends on its common stock in the near future. Current authoritative guidance also requires the Company to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revise these estimates
 if necessary


 subject to adjustment

022 and accounted for the 2011 Warrants issued in October 2011 as a liability&amp;#160;at their initial fair value of $780
972. Changes in the fair value of the 2011 Warrants will be recognized in earnings for each subsequent reporting period. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the fair value of the 2011 Warrants was included in the balance sheet under the caption Warrant liability&amp;#160;of $795
374 and $1
098
108
 respectively. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded a gain for the change in the value of the 2011 Warrants of $302
734 and $109
767



 the Company entered into warrant agreements granting the right to purchase 213
600 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $8.00 per share at any time through March 31
 2012. These warrants were recorded at fair value and accounted for as a discount to the face value of the senior notes and a credit to additional paid-in capital in the amount of $706
944. This discount was fully recognized over the adjusted term of the senior notes with a charge to interest expense and a credit to senior notes payable. The warrants were not exercised prior to their expiration on March 31

 March 31

926

754


 March 31

417

543

 March 31

874
The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 50
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6406099&amp;loc=d3e25284-112666
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 65
 A240
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 40
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6418621&amp;loc=d3e17540-113929
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5444-113901
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 14
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Statement of Position (SOP)
 -Number 93-6
 -Paragraph 53
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Text Block]












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 March&#160;31
 5
191
 3
107
 8
540
 7
625
 13
731
 10
732
 As of March 31
 2013 and 2012
 19% and 22%
 respectively
 of raw materials and 4% and 3%
 respectively
In March 2013
 the Company acquired $2
496
 The Company estimates the allowance for obsolete and slow moving inventory based on analyses and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 historical usage
 expected future demand and market requirements.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          



BALANCE at Mar. 31
 2011

893
366
        

072
021

468
120

413
246)

633
502)

973


BALANCE (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2011
        
        

202
145
        
        
        
        


        

960
125)
        
        
        

232
325)
        

200


        

154)
        
        
        
        

154)
        


Issuance of series A convertible preferred stock
 net of issuance costs

337
128

550
        

315
578
        
        
        


Issuance of series A convertible preferred stock
 net of issuance costs (in shares)
        

155
        
        
        
        
        


Issuance of series A convertible preferred stock
 upon conversion of debt

289
944

915
        

240
029
        
        
        


Issuance of series A convertible preferred stock
 upon conversion of debt (in shares)
        

992
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

500)

499

723)
        
        
        


        
        
        

922
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

761

761)
        
        


        

463
        
        

463
        
        
        


BALANCE at Mar. 31
 2012

582
622

965

080
520

639
228

076
608)

801
656)

173


BALANCE (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2012
        

897

052
067
        
        
        
        


        

838
265)
        
        
        

448
757)
        

492


        

438)
        
        
        
        

438)
        


        
        

952)

210

468)
        
        
        


        
        
        

967
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

468

468)
        
        


        

314
        
        

314
        
        
        


BALANCE at Mar. 31
 2013

910
233

013

087
730

661
542

270
623)

918
094)

282
665


BALANCE (in shares) at Mar. 31
 2013
        

701

773
034
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 stock
 and paid-in-kind dividends accrued for preferred shareholders during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements; and gain (loss) on a derivative instrument or nonderivative financial instrument that may give rise to a foreign currency transaction gain (loss) that has been designated and qualified as a hedging instrument for hedging of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    























Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 405
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957935&amp;loc=d3e64057-112817
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Statement of Position (SOP)
 -Number 01-6
 -Paragraph 14
 -Subparagraph l
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Stock
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Preferred Stock
 Par Or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4313-108586
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4304-108586
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 32
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4332-108586
Conversion of Stock
 Shares Converted
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21475-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21506-112644
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Convertible Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued upon Conversion
If the average daily volume of the Company's common stock exceeds $100
000 per trading day and the Volume Weighted Average Price (as defined in the articles of designation of the Series A Preferred Stock) for at least 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day period exceeds $0.76 (subject to adjustment)
 the Company may convert all or any portion of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock into shares of common stock.
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21475-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21484-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph d
 -Article 4
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 4
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Preferred Stock
 Liquidation Preference Per Share


Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Preferred Stock
 Par Or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)




warrants (&amp;#8220;2011 Warrants&amp;#8221;) to purchase 50% of the number of shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 issuable upon conversion of such Series A Preferred Stock



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Preferred Stock
 Par Or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3255-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Directors
Officers
Directors
Officers
Other Affiliates [Member]


Directors
Officers
Directors
Officers
Other Affiliates [Member] | Private Placement [Member]
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4304-108586
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 32
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4332-108586
Debt Conversion
 Original Debt
 Amount

Directors
Officers
Directors
Officers
Other Affiliates [Member] | Private Placement [Member] | Series A Convertible Preferred Stock [Member]













    
  
      

          











Years ending March 31

        
        


        

407
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

997
321
        


        

580
        


        

298
308

061
411




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 5
 -Section H
Subsidiary or Equity Method Investee
 Cumulative Percentage Ownership after All Transactions
The amount of the valuation account as of the balance sheet date which reduces the carrying amount of inventory to net realizable value; takes into consideration such factors as market value
 excessive quantities based on expected sales
 technological obsolescence
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section A
 -Paragraph 9
 -Chapter 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.BB)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386940&amp;loc=d3e100047-122729
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.12-09)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386567&amp;loc=d3e3927-108312
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Paragraph 14
 -Chapter 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Paragraph 8
 9
 14
 -Chapter 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets
Goodwill and Intangible Asset Impairment
 Total
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16373-109275
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 46
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141R
 -Paragraph 72
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13854-109267
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 47
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388280&amp;loc=d3e13777-109266
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (e)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph e
 -Clause 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Goodwill
 Impairment Loss
Charge to cost of goods sold that represents the reduction of the carrying amount of inventory
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386783&amp;loc=d3e4542-108314
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Concepts (CON)
 -Number 6
 -Paragraph 86
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section 7
 -Paragraph 14
 -Chapter 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18726-107790
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 22
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6408196&amp;loc=d3e61069-111654
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Handling Costs
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6514758
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915142&amp;loc=d3e60635-111653
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6408413&amp;loc=d3e221937-122793
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Shipping Costs
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6525344
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 00-10
 -Paragraph 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shipping
 Handling and Transportation Costs
Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 720
 -SubTopic 35
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6420018&amp;loc=d3e36677-107848
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Statement of Position (SOP)
 -Number 93-7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.










/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          











        

404
000

906
061



          

        
        


        

999

552



          

        
        


        

379

197



          

        
        


        

409
221

857
271



          

        
        


        
        

978



          

        
        


        

280

210



          

        
        


        

121

853



          

        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;NOTE 4 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;EQUITY INVESTMENT&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;u&gt;Investment in DP Castle Partners

 CB-USA formed DP Castle Partners
 LLC (&amp;#8220;DPCP&amp;#8221;) with Drink Pie
 LLC to manage the manufacturing and marketing of Travis Hasse&amp;#8217;s Original Apple Pie Liqueur
 Cherry Pie Liqueur and any future line extensions of the brand. DPCP has the exclusive global rights to produce and market Travis Hasse&amp;#8217;s Original Pie Liqueurs and CB-USA has the global distribution rights for this brand. DPCP pays a per case royalty fee to Drink Pie
 LLC under a licensing agreement. CB-USA purchases the finished product from DPCP at a pre-determined margin and then uses its existing infrastructure
 sales force and distributor network to sell the product and promote the brands. Finished goods are sold to CB-USA FOB &amp;#150; Production and CB-USA bears the risk of loss on both inventory and third-party receivables. Revenues and cost of sales are recorded at their respective gross amounts on the books and records of CB-USA. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 CB-USA purchased $867
280 and $741
830
 respectively
 in finished goods from DPCP under the distribution agreement. As of March 31
 2013
 DPCP was indebted to CB-USA in the amount of $268
598
 which is included in due from shareholders and affiliates on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. As of March 31
 2012
 CB-USA was indebted to DPCP in the amount of $28
469
 which is included in due to shareholders and affiliates on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. At March 31
 2013
 CB-USA owned 20% of the DPCP and
 under the terms of the agreement
&amp;#160;will increase its stake in DPCP based on achieving case sale targets. The Company has accounted for this investment under the equity method of accounting. This investment balance was $116
700 and $130
850 at March 31
 2013 and 2012
The entire disclosure for cost method and equity method investments included basis
 impairment losses
 recognized or unrecognized gains (losses).













Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Antidilution
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6505113
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Diluted Earnings Per Share
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510752
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Contingent Stock Agreement
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6508534
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 13
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 07-4
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 171
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Antidilution
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6505113
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Diluted Earnings Per Share
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510752
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Contingent Stock Agreement
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6508534
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 13
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 07-4
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 171
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Antidilution
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6505113
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Diluted Earnings Per Share
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510752
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Contingent Stock Agreement
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6508534
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 13
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 07-4
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 171
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Antidilution
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6505113
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Diluted Earnings Per Share
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510752
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Contingent Stock Agreement
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6508534
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 13
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 07-4
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 171
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.














 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0px; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0px; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;NOTE 14 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;A.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The Company has entered into various transactions with Knappogue Corp.
 a shareholder in the Company that is controlled by the Company&amp;#8217;s Chairman and his family. The transactions primarily involved rental fees for use of Knappogue Corp.&amp;#8217;s interest in the Knappogue Castle for various corporate purposes
 including Company meetings and to entertain the Company&amp;#8217;s customers. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 fees incurred by the Company to Knappogue Corp. amounted to $9
093 and $9
565

 CB-USA entered into an agreement (New Agreement) with Pallini Internazionale S.r.L. (Pallini)
 as successor in interest to I.L.A.R. S.p.A
 regarding the importation and distribution of certain Pallini brand products. The New Agreement supersedes that certain Agreement dated as of August 27
 2004 between I.L.A.R. S.p.A and CB-USA. The terms of the New Agreement are effective as of April 1

 the Company is permitted to import Pallini Limoncello and its flavor extensions at a set price
 updated annually

 2013 and 2012
 the Company purchased goods from Pallini for $3
685
192 and $3
502
878
 respectively. As of March 31
 2013 and 2012
 Pallini owed the Company $34
628 and $122
640
 respectively
 for its share of marketing expense
 which is included in due from shareholders and affiliates on the consolidated balance sheet. As of March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company was indebted to Pallini for $967
188 and $436
561
 respectively

 the Company entered into a management services agreement with Vector Group Ltd.
 a more than 5% shareholder
 under which Vector Group agreed to make available to the Company the services of Richard J. Lampen
 Vector Group&amp;#8217;s executive vice president
 effective October&amp;#160;11
 2008 to serve as the Company&amp;#8217;s president and chief executive officer and to provide certain other financial and accounting services
 including assistance with complying with Section&amp;#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. In consideration for such services
 the Company agreed to pay Vector Group an annual fee of $100
000
 plus any direct
 out-of-pocket costs
 fees and other expenses incurred by Vector Group or Mr.&amp;#160;Lampen in connection with providing such services
 and to indemnify Vector Group for any liabilities arising out of the provision of the services. The agreement is terminable by either party upon 30&amp;#160;days&amp;#8217; prior written notice. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 Vector Group was paid $113
406 and $118
893
 respectively

 the Company entered into an agreement to reimburse Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. (&amp;#8220;LTS&amp;#8221;) for its costs in providing certain administrative
 legal and financial services to the Company. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 LTS was paid $154
972 and $183
888
 respectively
 under this agreement. Mr.&amp;#160;Lampen
 the Company&amp;#8217;s president and chief executive officer and a director
 is the president and chief executive officer and a director of LTS and two other directors of the Company serve as directors of LTS
 including Phillip Frost

 in March 2013
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39603-107864
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39622-107864
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph b
 -Article 3A
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph k
 -Article 4
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39691-107864
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39678-107864
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 57
 -Paragraph 1-4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
Computed expected tax benefit
State and local taxes
 net of federal benefit


        
 March&#160;31
 103
 105
 5
 38
 280
 164
 1
967
 1
854
 1
463
 1
306
 31
623
 30
012
 1
957
 1
916
 2
 2
 37
400
 35
397
 (37
400
 (35
397
 (629
 (629
 (1
037
 (1
185
 (1
666
 (1
814
608)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    
























Warrants
 Outstanding at beginning of period
Warrants
 Granted
Warrnats
 Exercised
Warrants
 Forfeited
Warrants
 Outstanding at end of period
Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant
 Warrants outstanding and exercisable
Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant
 Granted
Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant
 Exercised
Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant
 Forfeited
Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Details 5) (Warrant [Member]
 USD $)













 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; The following table sets forth the amounts and percentage of consolidated revenue
 consolidated results from operations
 consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders


444

370

998

124

442

494



405

706

431

877



302

267

448

232



324

811

803

772

421

510

565

729





396

482

442

494


941

430

175

924

117

354
Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 30
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8906-108599
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8721-108599
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 22
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8736-108599
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 25
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8813-108599
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 131
 -Paragraph 27
 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment [Table Text Block]












    
  
      

          







Years ending March 31

        


        

168


        

446


        

614




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Computed expected tax benefit
 at 34%
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817

The portion of the difference between the effective income tax rate and domestic federal statutory income tax rate that can be explained by the state and local income tax expense or benefit
 net of the federal tax benefit (expense) thereon
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
State and local taxes
 net of federal benefit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(2))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Subparagraph 2
 -Article 4
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.













    
  
      

          

        

      






Options Outstanding
 Shares


120
765


Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
        


Options Exercisable
 Shares

248
958


Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
        


        

433



          

        


Range of Exercise Prices
 Lower Limit
        


Range of Exercise Prices
 Upper Limit
        


Options Outstanding
 Shares


400


Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
        


Options Exercisable
 Shares

400


Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
        


        

351



          

        


Range of Exercise Prices
 Lower Limit
        


Range of Exercise Prices
 Upper Limit
        


Options Outstanding
 Shares


031
865


Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
        


Options Exercisable
 Shares

160
058


Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
        


        

082



          

        


Range of Exercise Prices
 Lower Limit
        


Range of Exercise Prices
 Upper Limit
        


Options Outstanding
 Shares


000


Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
        


Options Exercisable
 Shares

000


Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
        


        
        



          

        


Range of Exercise Prices
 Lower Limit
        


Range of Exercise Prices
 Upper Limit
        


Options Outstanding
 Shares


000


Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
        


Options Exercisable
 Shares

000


Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
        


        
        



          

        


Range of Exercise Prices
 Lower Limit
        


Range of Exercise Prices
 Upper Limit
        


Options Outstanding
 Shares


000


Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
        


Options Exercisable
 Shares

000


Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
        


        
        



          

        


Range of Exercise Prices
 Lower Limit
        


Range of Exercise Prices
 Upper Limit
        


Options Outstanding
 Shares


000


Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
        


Options Exercisable
 Shares

000


Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
        


        
        



          

        


Range of Exercise Prices
 Lower Limit
        


Range of Exercise Prices
 Upper Limit
        


Options Outstanding
 Shares


500


Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
        


Options Exercisable
 Shares

500


Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Outstanding
 Shares

Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (e)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 d(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Range of Exercise Prices
 Lower Limit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Range of Exercise Prices
 Upper Limit
The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Outstanding
 Shares

Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (e)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 d(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Range of Exercise Prices
 Lower Limit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Range of Exercise Prices
 Upper Limit
The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Outstanding
 Shares

Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (e)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 d(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Range of Exercise Prices
 Lower Limit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Range of Exercise Prices
 Upper Limit
The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Outstanding
 Shares

Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (e)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 d(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Range of Exercise Prices
 Lower Limit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Range of Exercise Prices
 Upper Limit
The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Outstanding
 Shares

Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (e)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 d(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Range of Exercise Prices
 Lower Limit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Range of Exercise Prices
 Upper Limit
The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Outstanding
 Shares

Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (e)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 d(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Range of Exercise Prices
 Lower Limit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Range of Exercise Prices
 Upper Limit
The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Outstanding
 Shares

Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (e)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 d(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Range of Exercise Prices
 Lower Limit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Range of Exercise Prices
 Upper Limit
The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Outstanding
 Shares

Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (e)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Options Outstanding
 Weighted Avarage Remaining Life in Years
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 d(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Options Exercisable
 Weigheted Avarage Excercise Price
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901









 NET (Details)


143 - Disclosure - EQUIPMENT
 NET (Details)



Gross amount
 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived
 depreciable assets commonly used in offices and stores. Examples include desks
 chairs
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229

Gross amount of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
The cumulative amount of depreciation
 depletion and amortization (related to property
 plant and equipment
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.14)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 14
 -Article 5
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount
 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 8
 -Article 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
EQUIPMENT
 NET (Details) (USD $)













 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;NOTE 17 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN: justify; TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; The Company operates in one reportable segment &amp;#151; the sale of premium beverage alcohol. The Company&amp;#8217;s product categories are rum
 liqueur
&amp;#160;whiskey
 vodka

 consolidated results from operations
 consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders


444

370

998

124

442

494



405

706

431

877



302

267

448

232



324

811

803

772

421

510

565

729





396

482

442

494


941

430

175

924

117

354
The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 131
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8380-108599
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 32
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8933-108599
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8538-108599
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 26
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8844-108599
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 29
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8864-108599
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 34
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8981-108599
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 35
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8984-108599
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 42
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e9054-108599
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 40
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e9031-108599
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 31
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8924-108599
Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 41
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e9038-108599
Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 30
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8906-108599
Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 33
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8971-108599
Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8595-108599














 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;Potential common shares not included in calculating diluted net loss per share are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=75%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=23% colspan=5&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; Years&amp;#160;ended&amp;#160;March&amp;#160;31

120

330

874

417

879

086

874

834
Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 &#150; In June 2011 the Company entered&#160;into agreements relating to a private placement (the &#8220;June 2011 Private Placement&#8221;) of&#160;an aggregate of approximately $7
100
000 of newly-designated 10% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
 par value $0.01 per share (&#8220;Series A Preferred Stock&#8221;). As part of the June 2011 Private Placement
 the Company completed a private offering&#160;to third-party&#160;investors of $2
155
000 of Series A Preferred Stock for its stated value of $1
000 per share and warrants (&#8220;2011 Warrants&#8221;) to purchase 50% of the number of shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 issuable upon conversion of such Series A Preferred Stock. Subject to adjustment (including dilutive issuances)
 Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends at the rate per share (as a percentage of the stated value per share) of 10% per annum
 whether or not declared by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
 which are only payable in shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock or upon a liquidation.&#160;For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded accrued dividends of $744
467 and $430
761
 respectively
 As part of the June 2011 Private Placement
 certain directors
 officers and other affiliates of the Company agreed to purchase an aggregate of $1
005
000 of Series A Preferred Stock and 2011 Warrants on substantially the same terms described above
 subject to shareholder approval of such issuance.&#160;&#160;Pending such shareholder approval
 the Company issued an aggregate of $1
005
000 in promissory notes to these affiliate purchasers. These notes converted automatically into Series A Preferred Stock and 2011 Warrants in October 2011 and accrued interest on these notes was converted into accrued dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock.&#160; The affiliate purchasers included Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Richard J. Lampen
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 and certain of his affiliates
 John Glover
 the Company&#8217;s Chief Operating Officer and Alfred J. Small
 Also as part of the June 2011 Private Placement
 certain holders of the Company&#8217;s outstanding debt
 including directors
 officers and other affiliates
 agreed to purchase shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 2011 Warrants in exchange for approximately&#160;$4
000
000 aggregate principal amount of the Company&#8217;s existing debt
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 on substantially the same terms described above
 subject to shareholder approval of such issuance.&#160;&#160;The affiliate debt holders included Frost Gamma Investments Trust
 Vector Group Ltd.
 Richard J. Lampen
 Mark E. Andrews
 III
 Lafferty Ltd.
 IVC Investments
 LLLP
 and Betts &amp; Scholl
 LLC
 (which agreed to convert principal amount
 but not accrued but unpaid interest thereon).&#160;In October 2011
 these notes
 and accrued but unpaid interest thereon
 as applicable
If the Company sells or grants any option to purchase or any right to reprice
 or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any sale
 grant or option to purchase or other disposition)
 any common stock or common stock equivalents entitling any person to acquire common stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock
 A beneficial conversion feature (&#8220;BCF&#8221;) of $318
705 was calculated as the difference between the beneficial conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock and the fair value of the Company&#8217;s common stock at the issuance date
 multiplied by the number of shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock were convertible. As the Series A Preferred is perpetual and convertible at any time at the option of the holder
 there is&#160;no defined accretion period available. The Company determined that the BCF should be recognized as a fully accreted deemed dividend on the Preferred Stock in the three months ended June 30
 Upon any liquidation
 the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive an amount equal to the stated value of $1
000 per share
 If the average daily volume of the Company's&#160;common stock exceeds $100
000 per trading day and the Volume Weighted Average Price (as defined in the articles of designation of the Series A&#160;Preferred Stock) for at least 20 trading days during any 30 consecutive trading day period exceeds $0.76 (subject to adjustment)
 the Company may convert all or any portion of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock into shares of common stock.&#160;&#160;In the event of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the articles of designation of the Series A&#160;Preferred Stock)
 &#150; In year ended March 31
 2013
 holders of Series A Preferred Stock converted 195.132 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
 and accrued dividends thereon
&#160;into 720
967 shares of common stock.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 if any
 including other comprehensive income (as applicable).  Including
 but not limited to: (1) balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts
 including the number of shares authorized and outstanding
 number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion
 and for other comprehensive income
 the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock
 if other than cost
 and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions
 such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle
 initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description
 terms
 and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables
 effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and
 for a period of at least ten years after the effective date
 the point in time from which the new retained dates; and (16) retroactive effective of subsequent change in capital structure.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

EQUIPMENT
 NET

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
EQUIPMENT
 March&#160;31
 2
026
 1
964
 10
 10
 2
036
 1
974
 1
519
 1
353
 516
 620
 Depreciation expense for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 totaled $187
539 and $180
183
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software. This disclosure may include property plant and equipment accounting policies and methodology
 a schedule of property
 plant and equipment gross
 additions
 deletions
 transfers and other changes
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 net
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense and useful lives
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; The following table reconciles the income tax benefit and the federal statutory rate of 34%.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=71%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=27% colspan=5&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; Years&amp;#160;ended&amp;#160;March&amp;#160;31


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319

 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented below.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=71%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 400 width=1%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=27% colspan=5&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; March&amp;#160;31







967

854

463

306

623

012

957

916



400

397

400

397



037

185

666

814
Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319













    
  
      

          

        

      










Cash
 Uninsured Amount

000
        




 Goods


        
        


Concentration Risk
 Percentage
        
        




 Goods


        
        


Concentration Risk
 Percentage
        
        



          

        
        


Concentration Risk
 Percentage
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Disclosure Of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-Based Payments [Abstract]
        


Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Text Block]
&#151; In July&#160;2003
 the Company implemented the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2003 Plan&#8221;)
 which provides for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. Stock option grants under the Plan are granted with an exercise price at or above the fair market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant
 As established
 there were 2
000
000 shares of common stock reserved and available for distribution under the Plan. In January&#160;2009
 the Company&#8217;s shareholders approved an amendment to the Plan to increase the number of shares available under the Plan from 2
000
000 to 12
000
000 and to establish the maximum number of shares issuable to any one individual in any particular year. As of March 31
 2013
 3
300
 In October 2012
 the Company&#8217;s shareholders approved the 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan (&#8220;2013 Plan&#8221;) which provides for awards of incentive and non-qualified stock options
 restricted stock and stock appreciation rights for its officers
 employees
 consultants and directors to attract and retain such individuals. As of March 31
 2013
 Stock based compensation expense for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 amounted to $282
314 and $190
463
 respectively
 of which $51
075 and $32
107
 respectively
 is included in selling expense and $231
239 and $158
356
 respectively
 is included in general and administrative expense for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. At March 31
 2013
 total unrecognized compensation cost amounted to approximately $481
119
 representing 3
886
182 unvested options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.22&#160;years. There were no shares exercised during the years ended March 31
 Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
 6
330
 4
570
 1
800
 1
837
 (10
 (77
 8
120
 6
330
 4
248
 2
736
 The following table summarizes activity pertaining to options outstanding and exercisable at March 31
 631
 631
 55
 7
031
 3
160
 27
 68
 68
 181
 181
 17
 17
 184
 184
 7
 7
 8
120
 4
248
 82
 Total stock options exercisable as of March 31
 2013 were 4
248
 The following summarizes activity pertaining to the Company&#8217;s unvested options for the years ended March 31
Unvested at March 31
 2
688
 1
837
 (16
 (915
Unvested at March 31
 3
593
 1
800
 (8
 (1
513
Unvested at March 31
 3
871
 The fair value of each award under the Plan is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and is affected by assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective variables. The use of an option pricing model also requires the use of a number of complex assumptions including expected volatility
 risk-free interest rate
 expected dividends
 and expected term. Expected volatility is based on the Company&#8217;s historical volatility and the volatility of a peer group of companies over the expected life of the option. The expected term and vesting of the options represents the estimated period of time until exercise. The expected term was determined using the simplified method available under current guidance. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the option. The Company has not paid dividends on its common stock in the past and does not plan to pay any dividends on its common stock in the near future. Current authoritative guidance also requires the Company to estimate forfeitures at the time of grant and revise these estimates
 if necessary
 March&#160;31
 The 2011 Warrants issued in connection with the Series A Preferred Stock have an exercise price of $0.38 per share
 subject to adjustment
 The Company accounted for the 2011 Warrants issued in June 2011 in the consolidated financial statements as a liability&#160;at their initial fair value of $487
022 and accounted for the 2011 Warrants issued in October 2011 as a liability&#160;at their initial fair value of $780
972. Changes in the fair value of the 2011 Warrants will be recognized in earnings for each subsequent reporting period. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the fair value of the 2011 Warrants was included in the balance sheet under the caption Warrant liability&#160;of $795
374 and $1
098
108
 respectively. For the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded a gain for the change in the value of the 2011 Warrants of $302
734 and $109
767
 March&#160;31
 March&#160;31
 In connection with the issuance of senior notes in November&#160;2006
 the Company entered into warrant agreements granting the right to purchase 213
600 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $8.00 per share at any time through March 31
 2012. These warrants were recorded at fair value and accounted for as a discount to the face value of the senior notes and a credit to additional paid-in capital in the amount of $706
944. This discount was fully recognized over the adjusted term of the senior notes with a charge to interest expense and a credit to senior notes payable. The warrants were not exercised prior to their expiration on March 31
Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31
 1
926
 11
754
 (263
Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31
 13
417
 (1
543
Warrants outstanding and exercisable
 March 31
 11
874
087




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
 -Paragraph 64
 65
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

















 NET


115 - Disclosure - EQUIPMENT
 NET

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &lt;strong&gt;NOTE 6 &amp;#151;&lt;/strong&gt; &lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;EQUIPMENT


026

964



036

974

519

353



 2013 and 2012 totaled $187
539 and $180
183
The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software. This disclosure may include property plant and equipment accounting policies and methodology
 a schedule of property
 plant and equipment gross
 additions
 deletions
 transfers and other changes
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 net
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense and useful lives
 income statement disclosures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391110&amp;loc=d3e2921-110230
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 205
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6360339&amp;loc=d3e1361-107760
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13-14)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Property
EQUIPMENT
 NET












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company enters into forward contracts from time to time to reduce its exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. The Company recognizes in the balance sheet derivative contracts at fair value
 and reflects any net gains and losses currently in earnings. At March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had no forward contracts outstanding. Gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts
 which was de minimis during the periods presented
 is included in other income and expense.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency gains and losses
 explanation of change in cumulative translation adjustment
 description of effect of subsequent foreign currency exchange rate change
 cumulative translation adjustment movement
 foreign currency translation adjustment by component movement
 translation adjustment for net investment hedge movement
 adjustment for long-term intercompany transactions
 schedule of long-term intercompany balances and any other foreign currency transactions and translation related items.
              
 -Paragraph 30
 31
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















 &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif &gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 9pt; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; Future minimum lease payments for leases with initial or remaining terms in excess of one year are as follows:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-INDENT: 9pt; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt;clear:both;TEXT-ALIGN:Left;POSITION: relative&gt; &lt;table style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #9eb6ce 0px solid; MARGIN: 0in; WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; OVERFLOW: visible; BORDER-TOP: #9eb6ce 0px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #9eb6ce 0px solid cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=left&gt; &lt;tr style=HEIGHT: 12px&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: left; FONT-STYLE: normal; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; FONT-WEIGHT: 700 width=87%&gt; &lt;div style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; Years&amp;#160;ending&amp;#160;March&amp;#160;31



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717













    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

				 2013
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

822
526
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

600
000




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    























This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.12)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=16385135&amp;loc=d3e33749-111570

The aggregate amount of receivables to be collected from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3(a)(2))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 57
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph k
 -Subparagraph 2
 -Article 4
Due From Related Parties
 Current
Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph k
 -Subparagraph 1
 -Article 4
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 57
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Due To Related Parties
 Current


The aggregate amount of receivables to be collected from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3(a)(2))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 57
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph k
 -Subparagraph 2
 -Article 4
Due From Related Parties
 Current
Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph k
 -Subparagraph 1
 -Article 4
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 57
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Due To Related Parties
 Current
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 159
 -Paragraph 18
 -Subparagraph f
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph a (1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Equity Method Investment
 Ownership Percentage












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 The Company accounts for taxes in accordance with ASC 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221;
 The Company&#8217;s income tax benefit for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 consists of federal
 state and local taxes attributable to GCP
 which does not file a consolidated income tax return with the Company
 and foreign taxes. As of March 31
 2013
 the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $79
100
000 for U.S. tax purposes
 which expire through 2033
 and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $19
700
000
 The pre-tax income
 on a financial statement basis
 from foreign sources totaled $412
182 for the year ended March 31
 2013 and the pre-tax loss
 on a financial statement basis
 from foreign sources totaled $154
328 for the year ended March&#160;31
 The Company did not have any undistributed earnings from foreign subsidiaries at March 31
 Years&#160;ended&#160;March&#160;31
Computed expected tax benefit
State and local taxes
 In connection with the investment in GCP
 the Company recorded a deferred tax liability on the ascribed value of the acquired intangible assets of $2
222
222
 increasing the value of the asset. The deferred tax liability is being reversed and a deferred tax benefit is being recognized over the amortization period of the intangible asset (15&#160;years). For each of the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company recognized $148
 March&#160;31
 103
 105
 5
 38
 280
 164
 1
967
 1
854
 1
463
 1
306
 31
623
 30
012
 1
957
 1
916
 2
 2
 37
400
 35
397
 (37
400
 (35
397
 (629
 (629
 (1
037
 (1
185
 (1
666
 (1
814
 The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets as it believes it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized. The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of March 31
 2013 and 2012 was approximately $37
400
000 and $35
397
000
 respectively. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 was $2
003
000 and $2
250
000
 respectively. The Company does not offset its deferred tax assets and liabilities because its deferred tax assets and liabilities are in different taxable entities which do not file consolidated returns.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    
























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.

Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation 12B
 -Number 240
 -Section 12b
 -Subsection 1

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation 12B
 -Number 240
 -Section 12b
 -Subsection 1


Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.

Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.












    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










Shares
 Unvested at beginning of the year

593
999

688
100


Shares
 Granted

800
166

837
349


Shares
 Canceled or expired

750)

250)


Shares
 Vested

513
608)

200)


Shares
 Unvested at end of the year

871
807

593
999


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Unvested at beginning of the year
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Canceled or expired
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Vested
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Unvested at end of the year
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













