

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-21-001412
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210311
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210311
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001341766
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				202745790
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34611
		FILM NUMBER:		21731955
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2424 N. FEDERAL HWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 208
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-276-2239
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2424 N. FEDERAL HWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 208
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VECTOR VENTURES CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051018









     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d)

THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020

Commission
File No. 001-34611

CELSIUS
HOLDINGS
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State or Other Jurisdiction
    of
    
    

Incorporation or
    Organization)
    
    


2424
N Federal Highway
 Suite 208
 Boca Raton
 Florida 33431
(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)

(561)
276-2239
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

(Former
name
 former address and former fiscal year
 if changed since last report)

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

Common
Stock
 $0.001 par value
(Title
of Class)

Name
of each exchange on which registered: The Nasdaq Capital Market (Trading Symbol CELH)

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. &#9744;
Yes &#9746; No

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. &#9746; Yes &#9744; No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. &#9746; Yes &#9744; No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). &#9746; Yes &#9744; No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:



Large
    Accelerated Filer 
    
Accelerated
    Filer 
    

Non-accelerated
    filer 
    
Smaller reporting
    company
    

    
    
    
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management&rsquo;s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). &#9744;&nbsp;Yes
&#9746; No

The
aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately $301
864
237 as of June
30
 2020 for the Company&rsquo;s common stock on such date on the Nasdaq Capital Market. For purposes of the foregoing computation
all executive officers
 directors
 and 10% beneficial owners of the Registrant are deemed to be affiliates.

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant&rsquo;s classes of common stock
 as of the latest practicable date.
There were 72
585
354 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 10
 2021.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: No documents are incorporated by reference into this Report except those Exhibits so incorporated as
set forth in the Exhibit index.





    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market For Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
    Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    

    
Quantitative and
    Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
    

    
    
    

    
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
    on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive
    Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
    and Management
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


When
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 unless otherwise indicated
 the terms &ldquo;the Company
&rdquo;
&ldquo;Celsius
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; refers to Celsius Holdings
 Inc. and its subsidiaries.

NOTE
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This
&rdquo; statements
within the meaning of Section&nbsp;27A of the Securities Act of 1933
&rdquo;)
 and
Section&nbsp;21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
&rdquo;). Such forward looking
statements may be identified by words such as that. &ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo;
&ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo;
&ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo;
&ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo;
&ldquo;
&rdquo; or the negatives of such terms or other similar expressions.

These
statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties
 many of which are outside our control
 including
 among others
 strength
of the economy
 potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic
 changes in the overall level of consumer spending
 the performance
of the Company&rsquo;s products within the prevailing retail environment
 implementation of our strategy
 trade restrictions
availability of suitable store locations at appropriate terms
 the availability of raw materials
 compliance with regulations
certifications and best practices with respect to the development
 manufacture
 sales and marketing of the Company&rsquo;s products
management changes
 maintaining appropriate levels of inventory
 changes in tax regulations
 e-commerce relationships
 disruptions
of manufacturing
 warehouse or distribution facilities or information systems
 political environment and other specific factors
described in &ldquo;

Condition and Results of Operations

We
believe that all forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions when made; however
 we caution that it is impossible
to predict actual results or outcomes or the effects of risks
 uncertainties or other factors on anticipated results or outcomes
with certainty and that
 accordingly
 one should not place undue reliance on these statements. Forward-looking statements speak
only as of the date when made and we undertake no obligation to update these statements in light of subsequent events or developments.
Actual results may differ materially from anticipated results or outcomes discussed in any forward-looking statement.


    
    


PART
I

Item
1. Business



We
are engaged in the development
 marketing
 sale and distribution of functional calorie-burning fitness and lifestyle beverages
under the Celsius&reg; brand name. According to multiple clinical studies we funded
 a single serving of Celsius&reg; burns 100
to 140 calories by increasing a consumer&rsquo;s resting metabolism an average of 12% and providing sustained energy for up to
a nine-hour period. Our exercise focused studies show Celsius delivers additional benefits when consumed prior to exercise. The
studies show benefits such as increase in fat burn
 increase in lean muscle mass and increased endurance.

We
seek to combine nutritional science with mainstream beverages by using our proprietary thermogenic (calorie-burning) MetaPlus&reg;
formulation
 while fostering the goal of healthier everyday refreshment by being as natural as possible without the artificial
preservatives often found in many energy drinks and sodas. Celsius&reg; has no artificial preservatives
 aspartame or high fructose
corn syrup and is very low in sodium. Celsius&reg; uses good-for-you ingredients and supplements such as green tea (EGCG)
 ginger
calcium
 chromium
 B vitamins and vitamin C. The main Celsius line of products are sweetened with sucralose
 a sugar-derived sweetener
that is found in Splenda&reg;
 which makes our beverages low-calorie and suitable for consumers whose sugar intake is restricted.

We
currently offer five beverage lines
 CELSIUS&reg; Originals
 CELSIUS HEAT&trade;
 CELSIUS&reg; BCAA+ENERGY
 CELSIUS&reg; On-the-Go
and CELSIUS&reg; Sweetened with Stevia.

Celsius
has undertaken significant marketing efforts aimed at building brand awareness
 including a wide variety of marketing vehicles
such as television
 radio
 digital
 social media
 sponsorships
 and magazine advertising. We also undertake various promotions
at the retail level such as coupons and other discounts in addition to in-store sampling. During the first quarter of 2021
 Celsius
launched a branded cooler program
 with a first phase target of locating up to 1
000 coolers in various retail outlets.

We
distribute our In the United States and elsewhere in North America
is sold across many retail segments.
They include supermarkets
 convenience stores
 drug stores
 nutritional stores
 and mass merchants. We also sell to health clubs
spas
 gyms
 the military and e-commerce websites.

We
distribute our products domestically through a hybrid of direct-store delivery (DSD) distributors and as well as sales direct
to retailers (DTR). We are continuing to emphasize DSD distribution as we believe it has been a key element in opening additional
domestic markets and retail segments and increasing sales.

Our
products are distributed in various foreign regions
 primarily Europe and Asia
 through regional and country-specific distribution
partners. In October 2019
 we acquired Func Food
 our Nordic distribution partner
 who markets both our products as well as other
products under its own brands. Celsius intends to use Func Food as a platform to expand product distribution elsewhere in Europe.

The
Company does not directly manufacture its beverages and powder packets
 but instead outsource the manufacturing process to established
third-party co-packers. We do
 however
 provide our co-packers with flavors
 ingredient blends
 cans and other raw materials for
our beverages purchased by us from various suppliers.


    
    


Recent
Developments 

On
October 30
 2020
 the Company fully repaid the outstanding bonds payable
 which were reinstated as part of the acquisition of
Func Food on October 25
 2019
 in accordance with the original terms of the bonds. The total amount repaid was approximately $9.9
million
 which included principal of $9.6 million and accrued interest of $0.3 million.

Potential
Effects of the COVID-19 Pandemic on the Company&rsquo;s Business

Our
business and results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in the global macro-economic environment which may also
reflect the negative impacts caused by pandemic and public health crises related to the COVID-19 pandemic. These macro-economic
aspects may also impact inflation
 currency exchange rates
 interest rates
 availability of capital markets
 consumer demand
distribution and raw material costs.

Volatility
in the financial markets and deterioration of global economic conditions could impact our business and operations in several ways
including the following:



    
    
Purchasing power
    of consumers may be reduced thereby affecting demand for our products;




    
    
Restrictions related
    to social distancing and other activities may limit the opportunity for our clients and consumers to purchase our products;




    
    
If a significant
    number of our employees are unable to work
 including illness or travel restrictions in connection with COVID-19
 our operations
    may be negatively impacted;




    
    
A shutdown of multiple
    co-packer facilities in connection with COVID-19 may affect our product availability;




    
    
Decreased demand
    for our products due to significant unemployment as a result of COVID-19 and macro-economic environment;




    
    
Limitations regarding
    our raw materials and other input components could substantially impact the availability of our products; and




    
    
If needed
 it may
    become more costly or difficult to obtain debt or equity financing to fund operations or investment opportunities
 or to refinance
    our debt
 in each case
 on terms and within a time period acceptable to us.


Our
ability to commercialize our products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our supply chain
 including third-party
manufacturing or transportation and distribution capabilities
 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and related aspects or other reasons
beyond our control or the control of our suppliers and business partners
 could impair our operations.

We
are closely monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic and its potential impact on our supply chain
 distribution and our consolidated results
of operations. While the beverage industry has experienced some shortages of cans as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic
 Celsius
has been able to secure adequate supply and has not experienced significant adverse effects on its business
 operations and financial
condition from such shortage or otherwise from the COVID-19 pandemic. Nonetheless
 we are unable to accurately predict the impact
that COVID-19 will have due to the uncertainties which include the ultimate geographic spread of the virus
 the intensity of the
virus
 the duration of the outbreak
 and/or actions that may be taken by governmental agencies.

Corporate
History

We
were incorporated in Nevada on April 26
 2005 under the name &ldquo;Vector Ventures
 Inc.&rdquo; and originally engaged in mineral
exploration. Such business was unsuccessful. On January 26
 2007
 beverage business of
Elite FX
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation engaged in the development of &ldquo;functional&rdquo; beverages since 2004 in a reverse
merger
 and subsequently changed our name to Celsius Holdings
 Inc.



    
    


Our
Products

&reg;


According
to multiple clinical studies we funded
 burns 100 to 140 calories by
increasing a consumer&rsquo;s metabolism an average of 12% for up to a three-hour period. In addition
 these studies have indicated
 prior to exercising may improve cardiovascular health and fitness
and enhance the loss of fat and gain of muscle from exercise.

We


 while fostering the goal of healthier everyday refreshment by being as natural as possible without the artificial
 has no chemical preservatives
 aspartame or
 uses good-for-you ingredients and supplements such
as green tea (EGCG)
 ginger
 calcium
 chromium
 B vitamins and vitamin C. Celsius is sweetened with sucralose
 a sugar-derived
sweetener that is found in Splenda
 which makes our beverages low-calorie and suitable for consumers whose sugar
contains 200 milligrams of caffeine which is comparable to
one 12-ounce cup of coffee from the leading coffeehouse.

We
currently five beverage lines:


CELSIUS&reg;
                                         Originals
 our initial product line. is currently offered in nine flavors: orange
 wild
                                         berry
 cola
 grape
 kiwi-guava and watermelon (which are carbonated)
 and non-carbonated
                                         green tea raspberry/acai
 green tea/peach mango and green tea/grapefruit melon.


CELSIUS
                                         HEAT&trade;
 introduced in 2018 is a trainer&rsquo;s grade beverage. CELSIUS HEAT&trade;
                                         is also a dietary supplement
 that uses the same proprietary thermogenic MetaPlus&reg;
                                         formula as CELSIUS&reg;
 Originals
 which is proven to accelerate metabolism
 boost energy
                                         and accelerate calorie and fat burn when combined with exercise. CELSIUS HEAT&trade;
                                         which is packed with 2
000mg of L-citrulline and 300mg of caffeine
 comes in eight carbonated
                                         flavors: Apple Jack&rsquo;d
 Orangesicle
 Inferno Punch
 Cherry Lime
 Blueberry Pomegranate
                                         Strawberry Dragonfruit
 Tangerine Grapefruit and Jackfruit.


CELSIUS&reg;
                                         BCCA+ENERGY
 introduced in 2019
 is an innovative branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) functional
                                         beverage that fuels muscle recovery. The CELSIUS&reg; BCCA+ENERGY product line was initially
                                         launched in the fitness channel.


CELSIUS&reg;
                                         On-the-Go is is a powdered form of the active ingredients in our beverages in individual
                                         On-The-Go packets as well as multiple serving canisters.


CELSIUS&reg;
                                         Sweetened with Stevia is a natural line extension introduced in 2018
 targeting the natural
                                         products channel. CELSIUS&reg; Sweetened with Stevia is available in six refreshing flavors:
                                         three sparkling - grapefruit
 cucumber lime
 orange pomegranate and three non-carbonated
                                         - pineapple coconut
 watermelon berry and strawberries &amp; cream. This product line
                                         boasts a clean ingredient panel featuring 100% natural caffeine-from-green-coffee bean
                                         extract and Stevia an all-natural sweetener.

Celsius&reg;
ready-to drink products are packaged in a distinctive 12 ounce sleek can that uses vivid colors in abstract patterns to create
a strong on-shelf impact. The cans are sold as singles or in four-packs. We have recently redesigned our packaging to provide
a cleaner
 crisper and more modern look. In addition to being sugar free
 our original ready-to -drink products line is non-GMO
kosher and vegan certified and soy and gluten free.

As
a result of completion of the acquisition of Func Food in October 2019
 we acquired the beverages
 protein bars
 supplements and
superfoods marketed and distributed in Finland
 Sweden
 and Norway. These products are distributed under the FAST
 FitFarm and
CocoVi brands and which are owned by Func Food. FAST products is a market leader in Finland and has begun distribution into the
Swedish market. FitFarm and CocoVi are well-established brands of superfoods and other supplements in the Nordic countries.&nbsp;



    
    


Clinical
Studies

It
is our belief that clinical studies substantiating product claims will become more important as more and more beverages are marketed
 was one of the first functional beverages to be launched along with a clinical study.
 is also one of very few functional beverages that has clinical research on the actual product itself.
Some beverage companies that do mention studies backing their claims are referencing independent studies conducted on one or more
of the ingredients in the product. We believe that it is important and will become more important to have studies on the actual
product.

We
. Each was conducted by a research organization and each
 formula. The first study was conducted by the Ohio Research Group of Exercise Science
&amp; Sports Nutrition. The remaining studies were conducted by the Applied Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory
of the University of Oklahoma. We funded all of the studies and provided Celsius&reg; beverage for the studies. However
 none
of our directors
 executive officers or principal shareholders is in any way affiliated with either of the two research organizations
which conducted the studies.

The
first study was conducted in 2005 by the Ohio Research Group of Exercise Science &amp; Sports Nutrition www.ohioresearchgroup.com.
The Ohio Research Group of Exercise Science &amp; Sports Nutrition is a multidisciplinary clinical research team dedicated to
exploring the relationship between exercise
 nutrition
 dietary supplements and health. This placebo-controlled
 double-blind
 and the placebo on metabolic rate. Twenty-two participants were
 and on a separate day a serving of twelve ounces of
. All subjects completed both trials using a randomized
 counterbalanced design. Randomized means that
subjects were selected for each group randomly to ensure that the different treatments were statistically equivalent. Counterbalancing
 on the second day. The
other group did the opposite. Counterbalancing is a design method that is used to control &ldquo;order effects.&rdquo; In other
words
 this was done to make sure that the order that subjects were served does not impact the results and analysis.

Metabolic
rate (via indirect calorimetry
 measurements taken from breaths into and out of calorimeter) and substrate oxidation (via respiratory
exchange ratios) were measured at baseline (pre-ingestion) and for ten minutes at the end of each hour for three hours post-ingestion.
The results showed an average increase of metabolism of twelve percent over the three-hour period
 compared to a statistically
insignificant change for the control group. Metabolic rate
 or metabolism
 is the rate at which the body expends energy. This
is also referred to as the &ldquo;caloric burn rate.&rdquo; Indirect calorimetry calculates heat that living organisms produce
from their production of carbon dioxide. It is called &ldquo;indirect&rdquo; because the caloric burn rate is calculated from
a measurement of oxygen uptake. Direct calorimetry would involve the subject being placed inside the calorimeter for the measurement
to determine the heat being produced. Respiratory Exchange Ratio is the ratio oxygen taken in a breath compared to the carbon
dioxide breathed out in one breath or exchange. Measuring this ratio can be used for estimating which substrate (fuel such as
carbohydrate or fat) is being metabolized or &lsquo;oxidized&rsquo; to supply the body with energy.

The
second study was conducted by the Applied Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2007.
This blinded
 placebo-controlled study was conducted on a total of 60 men and women of normal weight. An equal number of participants
 to a placebo of the same
amount. According to the study
 burned significantly more calories versus those
consuming the placebo
 over a three-hour period. The study confirmed that over the three-hour period
 subjects consuming a single
 burned 65% more calories than those consuming the placebo beverage and burned an average of
more than 100 to 140 calories compared to the placebo. These results were statistically significant.

The
third study
 conducted by the Applied Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2007
 extended
our second study with the same group of 60 individuals and protocol for 28 days and showed the same statistical significance of
increased calorie burn (minimal attenuation). While the University of Oklahoma study did extend for 28 days
 more testing would
 calorie-burning effects. Also
 although these studies were on
relatively small numbers of subjects
 they have statistically significant results. Additional studies on a larger number and wider
range of body compositions can be considered to further the analysis.

Our
fourth study
 conducted by the Applied Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2009
 combined
 use with exercise. This ten-week placebo-controlled
 randomized and blinded study was conducted on a total


 and Group 2 consumed one serving of an identically flavored and labeled placebo beverage. Both groups participated
in ten weeks of combined aerobic and weight training
 following the American College of Sports Medicine guidelines of training
 prior to exercising
may enhance the positive adaptations of exercise on body composition
 cardio-respiratory fitness and endurance performance. According
to the preliminary findings
 lost significantly more fat mass and
gained significantly more muscle mass than those subjects consuming the placebo &mdash; a 93.75% greater loss in fat and 50% greater
gain in muscle mass
 respectively. The study also confirmed that subjects consuming Celsius&reg; significantly improved measures
of cardio-respiratory fitness and the ability to delay the onset of fatigue when exercising to exhaustion.


    
    


Our
fifth study was conducted by the Applied Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2009.
This ten-week placebo-controlled
 randomized and blinded study was conducted on a total of 27 previously sedentary overweight
and obese female subjects. Participants were randomly assigned into groups that consumed identically tasting treatment beverages
with exercise or without exercise. All participants consumed one drink
 either placebo or Celsius
 per day for
10 weeks. The exercise groups participated in ten weeks of combined aerobic and weight training
 following the American College
of Sports Medicine guidelines of training for previously sedentary adults. No changes were made to their diet. The results showed
 prior to exercising may improve cardiovascular health and fitness and
enhance the positive adaptations of exercise on body composition. According to the preliminary findings
 subjects consuming a
 lost significantly more fat mass and gained significantly more muscle mass when compared
to exercise alone &mdash; a 46% greater loss in fat
 27% greater gain in muscle mass
 respectively. The study also confirmed that
 significantly improved measures of cardio-respiratory fitness &mdash; 35% greater endurance
performance with significant improvements to lipid profiles &mdash; total cholesterol decreases of 5 to 13% and bad LDL cholesterol
12 to 18%. Exercise alone had no effect on blood lipid levels.

Our
sixth study was conducted by the Applied Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2009.
This ten-week placebo-controlled
 randomized and blinded study was conducted on a total of 37 previously sedentary male subjects.
Participants were randomly assigned into groups that consumed identically tasting treatment beverages with exercise or without
exercise. All participants consumed one drink
 either placebo or Celsius
 per day for 10 weeks. The exercise groups
participated in ten weeks of combined aerobic and weight training
 following the American College of Sports Medicine guidelines
of training for previously sedentary adults. No changes were made to their diet. The results showed that consuming a single serving
 prior to exercising may improve cardiovascular health and fitness and enhance the positive adaptations

 before exercise versus those that consumed the placebo
before exercise. Mood was not affected. Clinical markers for hepatic
 renal
 cardiovascular and immune function
 as determined
by pre-and post-blood work revealed no adverse effects.

Our
seventh study was conducted by Miami Research Institute in 2010 and demonstrated the efficacy and safety of the powders and the
shots. This study allows the Company to make the same structure/function claims as the ready to drink beverages.

Manufacture
and Supply of Our Products

Our
beverages are produced by established third party beverage co-packers. A co-packer is a manufacturing plant that provides the
service of filling bottles or cans for the brand owner. We believe one benefit of using co-packers is that we do not have to invest
in the production facility and can focus our resources on brand development
 sales and marketing. It also allows us produce in
multiple locations strategically placed throughout the country. We purchase most of the ingredients and all packaging materials.
 products
is specified as 15 to 18 months.

Substantially
all of the raw materials used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our products are purchased by us or by our co-packers
in accordance with our specifications. Generally
 we obtain the ingredients used in our products from domestic suppliers and some
 include green tea (EGCG)
 ginger (from
the root)
 caffeine
 B vitamins
 vitamin C
 taurine
 guarana
 chromium
 calcium
 glucuronolactone
 sucralose
 natural flavors
 is labeled with a supplements facts panel. We have no major supply contracts with
any of our suppliers. We single-source all our ingredients for purchasing efficiency; however
 we have identified a second source
for our critical ingredients and there are many suppliers of flavors
 colorings and sucralose. In case of a supply restriction
or interruption from any of the flavor and coloring suppliers
 we would have to test and qualify other suppliers that may disrupt
our production schedules.

Packaging
materials
 except for our distinctive sleek aluminum cans
 are easily available from multiple sources in the United States; however
due to efficiencies we utilize single source vendor relationships. While the beverage industry has experienced some shortages
of cans as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic
 Celsius has been able to secure adequate supply and has not experienced significant
adverse effects from such shortages.

We
believe that our co-packing arrangement and supply sources are adequate for our present needs.

Func
Food similarly has its FAST and other products manufactured by independent third parties in the Nordic countries.





In
the United States and elsewhere in North America
 Celsius&reg; is sold across many retail segments. They include supermarkets
convenience stores
 drug stores
 nutritional stores
 and mass merchants. We also sell to health clubs
 spas
 gyms
 the military
and e-commerce websites.



    
    


We
distribute our products domestically through a hybrid of direct-store delivery (DSD) distributors and as well as sales direct
to retailers (DTR).

We
are continuing to emphasize the expansion of our DSD distribution network as we believe it has been a key element in opening additional
domestic markets and retail segments and increasing sales.

We
also sell our products online through our own and other e-commerce platforms such as Amazon. As a result of the shift to online
purchasing by consumers
 including additional growth arising from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic as a result of the shutdown
of various retail outlets
 particularly gyms and health clubs in the fitness channel
 e-commerce sales have accounted for a growing
percentage of our domestic revenue. We expect this trend to continue at least through most of 2021.

International&nbsp;


We
distribute our products in various foreign regions through regional and country-specific distribution partners. In October 2019
we acquired Func Food
 our Nordic distribution partner
 who markets both our products as well as other products under its own
brands. Celsius intends to use Func Food as a platform to expand product distribution elsewhere in Europe.

We
market our products in the Asian market
 which is one of the most dynamic and fastest-growing
 through a partnership with A.S.
Watson industries in Hong Kong and a license agreement with our partner in China
 Qifeng Food Technology (Beijing) Co.
&rdquo;).
While we initially began both local production and preliminary distribution of the Celsius&reg; brand in 2018 through our partnership
in Qifeng
 effective January 1
 2019
 we restructured our China distribution efforts by entering into two separate agreements
as it relates to the commercialization of our Celsius products (i.e.
 license agreement) and a repayment of investment agreement
with Qifeng. Under the license agreement
 Qifeng was granted the exclusive license rights to manufacture
 market and commercialize
Celsius&reg; brand products in China. Qifeng will pay a minimum royalty fee of $6.9 million for the five years of the term of
the agreement
 transitioning to a volume-based royalty fee
 thereafter. Under a separate economic agreement
 Qifeng Food will
repay the marketing investments made by Celsius into the China market through 2018
 over the same five-year period. The repayment
which was formalized via a note receivable from Qifeng
 will need to be serviced even if the licensing agreement is cancelled
or terminated.

Significant
Customer

As
a result of the growth of our business and the increase in online sales in 2020 related in part to the COVID-19 pandemic
 one
customer
 Amazon
 accounted for approximately 15% and 12.0% of our revenues during the years ended December 31
 2020 and December
31
 2019
 respectively. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 we do not believe that we are dependent on our sales to Amazon for our
continued growth and profitability.

Seasonality
of Sales 

As
is typical in the beverage industry
 sales of our beverages are seasonal
 with the highest sales volumes generally occurring in
the second and third fiscal quarters
 which correspond to the warmer months of the year in our major markets.



We
believe that our Celsius&reg; brand products are one of the few calorie-burning fitness beverages whose effectiveness is supported
by clinical studies
 which gives us a unique position in the beverage market. However
 our products do compete broadly with all
categories of consumer beverages. The beverage market is highly competitive
 and includes international
 national
 regional and
local producers and distributors
 most of whom have greater financial
 management and other resources than us. Our direct competitors
in the functional beverage market include
 but are not limited to The Coca-Cola Company
 Dr. Pepper Snapple Group
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
Nestl&eacute;
 Waters North America
 Inc.
 Hansen Natural Corp.
 Vital Pharmaceuticals
 Inc
 Monster Energy
 and Red Bull.

Proprietary
Rights

We
trademarks with the United States Patent and Trademark
Office
 as well as a number of additional trademarks.

We
have and will continue to take appropriate measures
 such as entering into confidentiality agreements with our contract packers
and ingredient suppliers
 formulation and product
formulas.



    
    


We
 formulation and product formulas as trade secrets. We believe that trade secrecy is a preferable
method of protection for our formulas as patenting them might require their disclosure. Other than a company that is our outsourced
production manager
 no single member of the raw material supply chain or our co-packers has access to the complete formula.

We
consider our trademarks and trade secrets to be of considerable value and importance to our business. No successful challenges
to our registered trademarks have arisen and we have no reason to believe that any such challenges will arise in the future.

As
a result of the acquisition of Func Food in October 2019
 we have acquired additional brands and tradenames.

Government
Regulation

The
production

 Drug and Cosmetic Act
the 
 the 
 various environmental
statutes and various other federal
 state and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production
 transportation
 sale
safety
 advertising
 labeling and ingredients of such products. California law requires that a specific warning appear on any
product that contains a component listed by California as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. The law exposes
all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products because the law recognizes
no generally applicable quantitative thresholds below which a warning is not required. Consequently
 even trace amounts of listed
components can expose affected products to the prospect of warning labels. Products containing listed substances that occur naturally
in the product or that are contributed to the product solely by a municipal water supply are generally exempt from the warning
requirement. While none of our products are required to display warnings under this law
 we cannot predict whether an important
component of any of our products might be added to the California list in the future. We also are unable to predict whether or
to what extent a warning under this law would have an impact on costs or sales of our products.


    
    


Measures
have been enacted in various localities and states that require that a deposit be charged for certain non-refillable beverage
containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary. Other deposit
 recycling or product stewardship proposals
have been introduced in certain states and localities and in Congress
 and we anticipate that similar legislation or regulations
may be proposed in the future at the local
 state and federal levels
 both in the United States and elsewhere.

Our
facilities in the United States are subject to federal
 state and local environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with these
provisions has not had
 and we do not expect such compliance to have
 any material adverse effect upon our business
 financial
condition and results of operations.

The
marketing and sale of our products internationally is similarly subject to compliance with applicable laws
 rules and regulations
in those foreign countries where our products are sold.



As
of the date of this Report
 the Company employs 154 people
 including its executive officers.

Item
1A. Risk Factors

Our
business faces certain risks. The risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do not yet
know of
 or that we currently think as immaterial
 may also impair our business. If any of the events anticipated by the risks
described below or elsewhere in this report occur
 our results of operations and financial conditions could be adversely affected.

Risk
Factors Relating to Our Business

Our
business and results of operations may be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic

Our
business and results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in the global macro-economic environment which may also
reflect the negative impacts caused by pandemic and public health crises related to the COVID-19 pandemic. These macro-economic
aspects may also impact inflation
 currency exchange rates
 interest rates
 availability of capital markets
 consumer demand
distribution and raw material costs.

Volatility
in the financial markets and deterioration of global economic conditions could impact our business and operations in several ways
including the following:



    
    
Purchasing power
    of consumers may be reduced thereby affecting demand for our products;




    
    
Restrictions related
    to social distancing and other activities may limit the opportunity for our clients and consumers to purchase our products;




    
    
If a significant
    number of our employees are unable to work
 including illness or travel restrictions in connection with COVID-19
 our operations
    may be negatively impacted;




    
    
A shutdown of multiple
    co-packer facilities in connection with COVID-19 may affect our product availability;




    
    
Decreased demand
    for our products due to significant unemployment as a result of COVID-19 and macro-economic environment;




    
    
Limitations regarding
    our raw materials and other input components could substantially impact the availability of our products; and




    
    
If needed
 it may
    become more costly or difficult to obtain debt or equity financing to fund operations or investment opportunities
 or to refinance
    our debt
 in each case
 on terms and within a time period acceptable to us.


Our
ability to commercialize our products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our supply chain
 including third-party
manufacturing or transportation and distribution capabilities
 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and related aspects or other reasons
beyond our control or the control of our suppliers and business partners
 could impair our operations.



    
    


We
are closely monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic and its potential impact on our supply chain
 distribution and our consolidated results
of operations. While the beverage industry has experienced some shortages of cans as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic
 Celsius
has been able to secure adequate supply and has not experienced significant adverse effects on its business
 operations and financial
condition from such shortage or otherwise from the COVID-19 pandemic. Nonetheless
 we are unable to accurately predict the impact
that COVID-19 will have due to the uncertainties which include the ultimate geographic spread of the virus
 the intensity of the
virus
 the duration of the outbreak
 and/or actions that may be taken by governmental agencies.

We
rely on third party co-packers to manufacture our products. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our co-packers
and/or their ability to manufacture our products becomes constrained or unavailable to us
 our business could suffer.

We
do not directly manufacture our products
 but instead outsource such manufacturing to established third party co-packers. These
third-party co-packers may not be able to fulfill our demand as it arises
 could begin to charge rates that make using their services
cost inefficient or may simply not be able to or willing to provide their services to us on a timely basis or at all. In the event
of any disruption or delay
 whether caused by a rift in our relationship or the inability of our co-packers to manufacture our
products as required
 we would need to secure the services of alternative co-packers. We may be unable to procure alternative
packing facilities at commercially reasonable rates and/or within a reasonably short time period and any such transition could
be costly. In such case
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.

We
rely on distributors to distribute our products in the DSD sales channel and in international markets. If we are unable to secure
such distributors and/or we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing distributors
 our business could suffer.

We
 in the DSD sales channel by entering into agreements with direct-to-store delivery distributors
having established sales
 marketing and distribution organizations. We similarly are seeking to expand our international distribution
particularly in the Far East and elsewhere in Asia by entering into agreements with large established distributors who service
those markets. Many of our distributors are affiliated with and manufacture and/or distribute other beverage products. In many
cases
 such products compete directly with our products. The marketing efforts of our distributors are important for our success.
 proves to be less attractive to our distributors and/or if we fail to attract distributors
 and/or
our distributors do not market and promote our products with greater focus in preference to the products of our competitors
 our
business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.



    
    


Our
customers are material to our success. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing customers
 our business
could suffer.

Unilateral
decisions could be taken by our distributors
 grocery chains
 convenience chains
 drug stores
 nutrition stores
 mass merchants
club warehouses and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any of our products that they are carrying at any time
 which
could cause our business to suffer.

Additionally
as a result of the growth of our business and the increase in online sales in 2020 related in part to the COVID-19 pandemic
 one
customer
 Amazon
 accounted for approximately 15% and 12.0% of our revenues during the years ended December 31
 2020 and December
31
 2019
 respectively. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 we do not believe that we are dependent on our sales to Amazon for our
continued growth and profitability.

Increases
in cost or shortages of raw materials or increases in costs of co-packing could harm our business

The
principal raw materials used by us are flavors and ingredient blends as well as aluminum cans
 the prices of which are subject
to fluctuations. We are uncertain whether the prices of any of the above or any other raw materials or ingredients we utilize
will rise in the future and whether we will be able to pass any of such increases on to our customers. We do not use hedging agreements
or alternative instruments to manage the risks associated with securing sufficient ingredients or raw materials. In addition
some of these raw materials
 such as our distinctive sleek 12 ounce can
 are available from a single or a limited number of suppliers.
As alternative sources of supply may not be available
 any interruption in the supply of such raw materials might materially harm
us.

While
the beverage industry has experienced some shortages of cans as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic
 Celsius has been able to secure
adequate supply and has not experienced significant adverse effects on its business
 operations and financial condition from such
shortage. However
 there can be no assurance that if such shortages continue
 its business
 operations and financial condition
will not be harmed.

Our
failure to accurately estimate demand for our products could adversely affect our business and financial results.

We
may not correctly estimate demand for our products. If we materially underestimate demand for our products and are unable to secure
sufficient ingredients or raw materials
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis
 in which case our business
financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We
depend upon our trademarks and proprietary rights
 and any failure to protect our intellectual property rights or any claims that
we are infringing upon the rights of others may adversely affect our competitive position.

Our
success depends
 in large part
 on our ability to protect our current and future brands and products and to defend our intellectual
property rights. We cannot be sure that trademarks will be issued with respect to any future trademark applications or that our
competitors will not challenge
 invalidate or circumvent any existing or future trademarks issued to
 or licensed by
 us.

Our
products are manufactured using our proprietary blends of ingredients. These blends are created by third-party suppliers to our
specifications and then supplied to our co-packers. Although all of the third parties in our supply and manufacture chain execute
confidentiality agreements
 there can be no assurance that our trade secrets
 including our proprietary ingredient blends will
not become known to competitors.

We
believe that our competitors
 many of whom are more established and have greater financial and personnel resources than we do
may be able to replicate or reverse engineer our processes
 brands
 flavors
 or our products in a manner that could circumvent
our protective safeguards. Therefore
 we cannot give you any assurance that our confidential business information will remain
proprietary. Any such loss of confidentiality could diminish or eliminate any competitive advantage provided by our proprietary
information.

We
may incur material losses as a result of product recall and product liability

We
may be liable if the consumption of any of our products causes injury
 illness or death. We also may be required to recall some
of our products if they become contaminated or are damaged or mislabeled. A significant product liability judgment against us
or a widespread product recall
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
The amount of the insurance we carry is limited
 and that insurance is subject to certain exclusions and may or may not be adequate.



    
    


We
rely on our management team and other key personnel.

We
depend on the skills
 experience
 relationships
 and continued services of key personnel
 including our experienced management
team. In addition
 our ability to achieve our operating goals also depends on our ability to recruit
 train
 and retain qualified
individuals. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel
 and we may lose key
personnel or fail to attract and retain additional talented personnel. Any such loss or failure could adversely affect our product
sales
 financial condition
 and operating results.

In
particular
 our continued success will depend in part
 on our ability to retain the talents and dedication of key employees. If
key employees finalize their employment
 become ill as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic
 or if an insufficient number of employees
is retained to maintain effective operations
 our business may be adversely affected and our management team may be distracted.
Furthermore
 we may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any of our key employees who leave or be able to offer employment
to potential replacements on reasonable terms
 all of which could adversely affect our procurement &amp; distribution processes
sales &amp; marketing activities
 financial processes &amp; condition and results of operations.

The
FDA has not passed on the efficacy of our products or the accuracy of any claim we make related to our products.

Although
six independent clinical studies have been conducted relating to the calorie-burning and related effects of our products
 the
results of these studies have not been submitted to or reviewed by the FDA. Further
 the FDA has not passed on the efficacy of
any of our products nor has it reviewed or passed on any claims we make related to our products
 including the claim that our
products aid consumers in burning calories or enhancing their metabolism.

Risk
Factors Relating to Our Industry

We
are subject to significant competition in the beverage industry

The
beverage industry is highly competitive. The principal areas of competition are pricing
 packaging
 distribution channel penetration
development of new products and flavors and marketing campaigns. Our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by
a relatively large number of manufacturers
 most of which have substantially greater financial
 marketing and distribution resources
and name recognition than we do.

Important
factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include the taste and flavor of our products
 trade and consumer promotions
rapid and effective development of new
 unique cutting-edge products
 attractive and different packaging
 branded product advertising
and pricing. Our products compete with all liquid refreshments and with products of much larger and substantially better financed
competitors
 including the products of numerous nationally and internationally known producers
 such as The Coca Cola Company
Dr. Pepper Snapple Group
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 Nestle
 Waters North America
 Inc.
 Hansen Natural Corp. and Red Bull. We also compete
with companies that are smaller or primarily local in operation. Our products also compete with private label brands such as those
carried by supermarket chains
 convenience store chains
 drug store chains
 mass merchants and club warehouses.

There
can be no assurance that we will compete successfully in the functional beverage industry. The failure to do so would materially
adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


    
    


We
compete in an industry that is brand-conscious
 so brand name recognition and acceptance of our products are critical to our success
and significant marketing and advertising could be needed to achieve and sustain brand recognition.

Our
business is substantially dependent upon awareness and market acceptance of our products and brands by our targeted consumers.
Our business depends on acceptance by our independent distributors of our brand as one that has the potential to provide incremental
sales growth rather than reduce distributors&rsquo; existing beverage sales. The development of brand awareness and market acceptance
is likely to require significant marketing and advertising expenditures. There can be no assurance that Celsius
will achieve and maintain satisfactory levels of acceptance by independent distributors and retail consumers. Any failure of the
 brand to maintain or increase acceptance or market penetration would likely have a material adverse effect
on business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Our
sales are affected by seasonality.

As
is typical in the beverage industry
 our sales are seasonal. Our highest sales volumes generally occur in the second and third
quarters
 which correspond to the warmer months of the year in our major markets. Consumer demand for our products is also affected
by weather conditions. Cool
 wet spring or summer weather could result in decreased sales of our beverages and could have an adverse
effect on our results of operations.

Our
business is subject to many regulations and noncompliance is costly

The
production
 marketing and sale of our beverage products are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
 state and
local health agencies. The marketing and sale of our products internationally is similarly subject to compliance with applicable
laws
 rules and regulations in those foreign countries where our products are sold. If a regulatory authority finds that a current
or future product or production run is not in compliance with any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be
stopped
 thus adversely affecting our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Similarly
 any adverse publicity
associated with any noncompliance may damage our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore
the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we have
no way of anticipating whether changes in these rules and regulations will impact our business adversely. Additional or revised
regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 environmental
 tax or otherwise
 could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial
condition and results of operations.


    
    


Risk
Factors Relating to our Status as a Fully Reporting Public Company

We
are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act that require us to incur audit fees and legal fees in connection
with the preparation of such reports. These additional costs could reduce or eliminate our ability to earn a profit.

We
are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and as a result
 we are now required to file periodic reports
&rdquo;) pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. In order to comply with these requirements
 our independent registered public accounting firm has to review
our financial statements on a quarterly basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover
 our legal counsel
has to review and assist in the preparation of such reports. The costs charged by these professionals for such services cannot
be accurately predicted at this time because factors such as the number and type of transactions that we engage in and the complexity
of our reports cannot be determined at this time and will have a major effect on the amount of time to be spent by our auditors
and attorneys. However
 the incurrence of such costs will obviously be an expense to our operations and thus have a negative effect
on our ability to meet our overhead requirements and earn a profit. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent
fraud
 our business and operating results could be harmed
 investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information
and the trading price of our common stock
 if a market ever develops
 could drop significantly.

If
we do not maintain an effective internal control environment as well as adequate control procedures over our financial reporting
investor confidence may be adversely affected thereby affecting the value of our stock price

We
are required to maintain proper internal control over our financial reporting and adequate controls related to our disclosures.
As defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act
 internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under
the supervision of
 the principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the board of directors
 management
and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. If we fail to maintain adequate
controls
 our business
 the results of operations
 financial condition and/or the value of our stock may be adversely impacted.

Risk
Factors Related to our Common Stock

We
cannot guarantee the continued existence of an active established public trading market for our common stock.

Our
common stock currently is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Trading in stock quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market
may often experience wide fluctuations in trading prices
 due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or
business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance.


    
    


Market
prices for our common stock may also be influenced by a number of other factors
 including:



    
    
the issuance of
    new equity securities pursuant to a public or private offering;




    
    
changes in interest
    rates;




    
    
competitive developments
    including announcements by competitors of new products or services or significant contracts
 acquisitions
 strategic partnerships
    joint ventures or capital commitments;




    
    
variations in quarterly
    operating results;




    
    
change in financial
    estimates by securities analysts;




    
    
the depth and liquidity
    of the market for our common stock;




    
    
investor perceptions
    of Celsius and the functional beverage industry generally; and




    
    
general economic
    and other national conditions.


Our
board of directors has the authority
 without shareholder approval
 to issue preferred stock with terms that may not be beneficial
to common shareholders and with the ability to affect adversely shareholder voting power and perpetuate their control over us.

Our
Articles of Incorporation allows our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock without any vote or further action
by our shareholders. Our board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred
stock. As a result
 our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders
the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation
 the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to
the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the shares
 together with a premium
 prior to the redemption of
our common stock.

The
ability of our principal shareholders to control our business may limit or eliminate minority shareholders&rsquo; ability to influence
corporate affairs.

Our
principal shareholders own common stock and/or preferred stock which holds a majority of the voting power of our issued and outstanding
capital. Accordingly
 they will be able to effectively control the election of directors
 as well as all other matters requiring
shareholder approval. The interests of our principal shareholders may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect
to the issuance of shares
 business transactions with or sales to other companies
 selection of other directors and other business
decisions. The minority shareholders have no way of overriding decisions made by our principal shareholders. This level of control
may also have an adverse impact on the market value of our shares because our principal shareholders may institute or undertake
transactions
 policies or programs that result in losses
 may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community
and / or may sell sufficient numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share.

We
do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future

We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock at any time in
the foreseeable future. The future payment of dividends directly depends upon our future earnings
 capital requirements
 financial
requirements and other factors that our board of directors will consider. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on
our common stock
 return on your investment
 if any
 will depend solely on an increase
 if any
 in the market value of our common
stock.



    
    


Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

Not
applicable.

Item
2. Properties.

We
do not own any real property. We lease our principal executive offices located at 2424 N Federal Highway
 Boca Raton
 Florida
33431. Our premises are leased for a monthly cost of $17
295 which now includes an additional 2
140 square-feet. The current lease
expires on January 2024. The Company has no warehouses or other facilities as we store our product at third party contract warehouse
facilities.

We
also have leased premises in Europe which have an aggregate monthly cost of approximately $11
600 which include the unfavorable
foreign currency impact. These leases have different periods and extend until August 2023.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

As
previously reported in our periodic filings under the Exchange Act
 on January 24
 2020
 Evlution Nutrition
&rdquo;)
filed suit against Celsius in federal court for the Southern District of Florida
 for trademark infringement. Evlution asserted
that Celsius&rsquo; BCAA dietary supplement product&rsquo;s use of BCAA + ENERGY infringed upon Evlution&rsquo;s registered trademarks.
In October 2020
 the Company resolved its dispute with Evlution by entering into a co-existence agreement under which both parties
agreed not to challenge the others&rsquo; use of the BCAA Energy/BCAA+Energy marks. No other consideration was paid for the settlement.

In
addition to other matters previously reported in our periodic filings under the Exchange Act
 from time to time
 we may become
party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our business.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not
applicable.


    
    



PART
II

Item
5. Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities.

Market
Information

Our
common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol &ldquo;



We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock at any time in
the foreseeable future. The future payment of dividends directly depends upon our future earnings
 capital requirements
 financial
requirements and other factors that our board of directors will consider.

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans



    
 options

 options

    

    
    
    
    

    
5
198
245&nbsp;shares&nbsp;
    
2
021
847&nbsp;shares&nbsp;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
5
198
245 shares
    
2
021
847




    
Represents shares
    of common stock reserved for issuance under our Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan and 2015 Incentive Stock Plan.


Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

Not
Applicable

Item
6. Selected Financial Data

Not
applicable to the Company because we are a &ldquo;


    
    


Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

You
should read the following discussion in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the corresponding notes
 the unaudited
 contains
forward-looking statements. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to risk
 uncertainties
 and
other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those made
 projected or implied in the forward-looking
&rdquo; for a discussion of the uncertainties
 risks and assumptions
associated with these statements.

Results
of Operations

Results
of operations for the year ended December 31
 2020 include the operations of Func Food for the entire year
 while results of operations
for the year ended December 31
 2019 include the operations for Func Food beginning only as of the date of acquisition
 October
25
 2019.

Year
ended December 31
 2020 compared to year ended December 31
 2019 



For
the year ended December 31
 2020
 revenue was approximately $130.7 million
 an increase of $55.6 million or 74.0% from $75.1 million
for the year ended December 31
 2019. Approximately 64% of this growth was as a result of increased revenues from North America
where 2020 revenues were $95.5 million
 an increase of $35.8 million or 60.0% from 2019. The balance of the increase was largely
attributable to a 35% growth in European revenues to $33.7 million in 2020 from $14.5 million in 2019. 2020 results reflect the
full financial impact of the consolidation of the results of operations of Func Food
 which Celsius acquired in October 2019.
Asian revenues (which primarily consist of royalty revenues from our China licensee) for the year ended December 31
 2020 were
$1.1million
 an increase of 30.0% from $840
648 for the year ended December 31
 2019. Other international markets generated $425
323
in revenues during the year ended December 31
 2020
 an increase of $234
379 from $190
944 for the year ended December 31
 2020.

The
total increase in revenue from 2019 period to 2020 was primarily attributable to increases in sales volume
 as opposed to increases
in product pricing. The primary factors behind the increase in North American sales volume were related to growth in e-commerce
channel
 which accounted for 20.0% of the growth and expansion in our DSD distributor network which generated significant revenue
increases when compared to 2019. As noted above
 the full consolidation of Func Food revenue in 2020 as well as the favorable
impact of the strengthening of the Euro also beneficially impacted revenues. We estimate that the strengthening of the Euro accounted
for approximately 5.0% of the increase in European revenue in 2020 as compared to 2019.

The
following table sets forth the amount of revenues by category and changes therein for the years ended December 31
 2020 and December
31
 2019:



    
 December 31

    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
130
725
777
75
146
546
    

    
    
    
    

    
95
480
310
59
659
320
    

    
    
    
    

    
33
727
441
14
455
634
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
092
703
840
648
    

    
    
    
    

    
425
323
190
944
    




    
    


Gross
profit

For
the year ended December 31
 2020
 gross profit increased by approximately $29.7 million or 94.8% to $61.0 million
 from $31.3
million for the year ended December 31
 2019. Gross profit margins increased to 46.6% for the year ended December 31
 2020 from
41.7% for the year ended December 31
 2019. The increase in gross profit dollars and gross profit margins is mainly related to
increases in volume
 as opposed to increases in product pricing. Specifically
 we estimate that increases in volume account for
approximately 90% of the growth in gross profit (expressed in dollars) from 2019 to 2020. The impact of lower promotional allowances
together with supply chain savings or synergies as well as the favorable impact of the strength of the Euro accounted for the
remaining approximately 10% of increase in gross profit dollars in 2020 when compared to 2019.

Sales
and marketing expenses

Sales
and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31
 2020 were approximately $34.9 million
 an increase of approximately $13.7
million or 65.1% from approximately $21.1 million for the year ended December 31
 2019. This increase reflects the impact of the
consolidation of the operating results of Func Food following its October 2019 acquisition by the Company. As a result
 our marketing
investments increased by 81.3% or $6.4 million from 2019 to 2020. Similarly
 all other sales and marketing expenses give effect
to increases related to the consolidation of Func Food&rsquo;s operations. Specifically
 employee costs for 2020
 which also include
investments in human resources to properly service our markets
 increased by $4.1 million or 62.1% from 2019. We estimated the
currency impact to account for approximately $230
000 of the increase regarding employee costs when compared to the prior year.
Moreover
 due to the increase in business volume
 our support to distributors
 investments in trade activities and storage and
distribution costs increased by $3.2 million from 2019 to 2020.

General
and administrative expenses

General
and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31
 2020 were approximately $18.2 million
 an increase of $6.6 million
or 56.5% from $11.6 million for the year ended December 31
 2019. This increase similarly reflects the full impact of the consolidation
of Func Food&rsquo;s operations for the entire 2020 year
 which was present only for part of 2019 following the acquisition date
on October 25
 2019. As such
 administrative expenses reflected an increase of $2.6 million
 which included an increase of approximately
$260
000 in our bad debt reserve
 to cover potential collectability risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. Employee costs
for the year ended December 31
 2020
 reflect an increase of $1.6 million or 54.5%
 not only attributable to the consolidation
of Func Food&rsquo;s operations
 but also additional investments in resources in order to properly support our higher business
volume. Additionally
 we estimated the currency impact to account for 2% of the increase in employee costs when compared to the
prior year. All other increases for general and administrative expenses from 2019 to 2020 amounted to $2.4 million. These increases
are mainly the result of higher stock option expense of $1.5 million
 depreciation and amortization of $835
000 and net increases
in all other administrative expenses of $82
000.

Other
Income/(expense)

Total
net other Income for the year ended December 31
 2020 was $730
000 which reflects a variance of 10.6 million when compared to
net total other income of $11.4 million for the year ended December 31
 2019. The variance of $10.6 million is mainly related
to the recognition of a gain of $12.2 million pertaining to a note receivable from our Chinese licensee. The note receivable is
the part of an agreement executed with our China distributor
 related to the restructuring of our business relationship to a royalty-based
model
 which requires the repayment
 over a five-year period
 pursuant to an unsecured
 interest-bearing note
 of the investment
the Company made in the China market during 2017 and 2018.

Net
Income/Loss

As
a result of all of the above
 for the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company had net income of $8.5 million or $0.12 per share
based on a weighted average of 70
195
085 shares outstanding and $0.11 per share based on a weighted average of 74
443
601 shares
outstanding
 which includes the dilutive impact of outstanding stock options to purchase 4
248
516 shares. In comparison
 for
the year ended December 31
 2019 there was net income of $10.0 million or $0.16 per share based on a weighted average of 60
761
995
shares outstanding
 and after adding back interest expense on convertible notes of $348
493 and the amortization on discount on
notes payable of $239
570
 a diluted net income of $10.6 million or $0.16 per share based on a weighted average of 64
183
399
shares outstanding
 which includes the dilutive impact of the stock options of 1
153
231 shares and the dilutive effect of the
convertible notes of 2
268
173 shares.


    
    


Liquidity
and Capital Resources

As
of December 31
 2020
 and December 31
 2019
 we had cash of approximately $43.2 million and $23.1 million
 respectively
 and working
capital of approximately $64.9 million and $24.8 million
 respectively.

In
addition to cash flow from operations
 our primary sources of working capital have been private placements and public offerings
of our securities (including a private placement of 1
437
909 shares at a price of $15.30 completed on August 25
 2020 and an
underwritten public offering of 7
986
110 shares at an offering price of $3.60 per share completed on September 16
 2019).

Our
current operating plan for the next twelve (12) months reflects sufficient financial resources
 notwithstanding the potential
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic nevertheless; we do not contemplate obtaining additional financing.

Cash
flows provided by operating activities

Cash
flows provided by operating activities totaled $3.4 million in 2020
 representing a $2.4 million increase from $1.0 million in
2019. The increase was primarily driven by operating income adjusted for non-cash-items. The increase was further driven by efficient
management of accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities.

Partially
offsetting the increase in cash flows from operating activities was an increase in expenditures for prepaid expenses and other
assets mainly related to deposits for inventory production
 an increase accounts receivable mainly related to increase in sales
volume and elimination of accounts receivable financing in Europe
 as well as increased inventory levels to properly service demand
for our products.

Cash
flows provided by (used in) investing activities

Cash
flows provided by investing activities totaled $0.8 million in 2020
 representing a $15.1 million increase from net cash used
in investing activities of $14.3 million in 2019. The increase was primarily due to the fact that 2019 included $14.2 million
of cash consideration paid for the Func Food acquisition. The increase was further driven by collections of $1.3 million under
a note receivable
 which began in 2020.

Partially
offsetting the increase in cash flows provided by investing activities was an increase in capital expenditures of $0.5 million
primarily attributable to the purchase of computer equipment and equipment utilized for trade-marketing and merchandising.

Cash
flows provided by financing activities

Cash
flows provided by financing activities totaled $15.6 million for 2020
 representing a $13.1 million decrease from $28.7 in 2019.
The decrease was primarily due to the fact that the Company fully repaid bonds in 2020 for $9.6 million and a $5.0 million difference
in the amount of proceeds raised from common stock issuances in 2019 versus 2020. The decrease was further driven by the fact
that 2019 included $1.5 million of proceeds received from a related party note and 2020 included cash paid for taxes on restricted
stock of $0.7 million. Additionally
 principal payments under finance leases increased by $0.255 million in 2020 mainly because
Func Food was included in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated results for the entire year
 as opposed to only part of Q4 in 2019
as well as increased leasing activity.

Partially
offsetting the decrease in cash flows provided by financing activities was a $3.9 million increase in proceeds from stock option
exercises
 primarily driven by increased stock price and vesting of options. &nbsp;

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements

As
of December 31
 2020
 we had no off-balance sheet arrangements.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.

Not
applicable.

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The
&rdquo; are attached
to this Report.



Not
applicable.



    
    


Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures

Our
President and Chief Executive Officer as well as our Chief Financial Officer
 conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act
 as of December 31
 2020
 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us
under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the rules and forms
adopted by the SEC
 including to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our President and Chief Executive Officer
(our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial and accounting officer)
 or persons
performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Based
on that evaluation
 our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December
31
 2020
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in that (a) we maintain records that in reasonable detail
 accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (b) our records provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and board of directors;
and (c) our records provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or
disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.

Our
President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer do not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls
will prevent all error and all fraud. Although our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives and our principal executive officer and our Chief Financial Officer have determined that our disclosure
controls and procedures are effective at doing so
 a control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only
reasonable
 not absolute assurance that the objectives of the system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control
issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities
that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.

Management&rsquo;s
report on internal control over financial reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2020
 based on the framework
set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(2013). Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act
as a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s principal executive and financial officers and effected
by the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:



    
    
Pertain to the maintenance
    of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
    Company&#894;




    
    
Provide reasonable
    assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
    accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
    of management and directors of the Company&#894; and




    
    
Provide reasonable
    assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Based
on the evaluation conducted under the above-referenced framework
 our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial
Officer concluded that as of December 31
 2020
 our internal control over financial reporting was effective.



    
    


Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Attestation
Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm

Effective
with the filing of this report
 with respect to the Company's fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company is deemed to be
&rdquo; as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. Accordingly
this annual report is not required to include an attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm on the
Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.

With
respect to the Company&rsquo;s fiscal year ended December 31
 2019
&rdquo;
as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. Accordingly
 for only the fiscal year ended December
31
 2019
 we have included the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in Item 8 setting forth our registered
public accounting firm&rsquo;s attestation report on the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting in accordance
with Item 308 (b) of Regulation S-K.

Changes
in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

Following
the October 25
 2019 acquisition of our European subsidiaries
 the Company committed time and resources to consolidating and integrating
the subsidiaries&rsquo; system of controls with its own and evaluating control design
 implementation
 and effectiveness. This
included incorporating the Company&rsquo;s policies into the subsidiaries&rsquo; policies and aligning their internal control
environment with ours. We also obtained the services of Grant Thornton in the Nordic region to assist with this assessment and
the related testing to ensure that their internal controls are aligned with the Company&rsquo;s and are in place and working effectively.

The
majority of the control activities of the Company were not changed by the acquisition of our European subsidiaries
 and the overall
impact was not material to our internal controls over financial reporting.

There
have been no other changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year
ended December 31
 2020
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over
financial reporting.

Item
9B. Other Information.




    
    


PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors
and Executive Officers

The
following sets forth the name of each of our directors and executive officers and their positions with Celsius:



    
    
    
    
Position
    with the Company

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Chief Executive
    Officer and Director

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Chief Financial
    Officer

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


John
Fieldly 
joined Celsius in January 2012 as its Chief Financial Officer and from March 2017 to March 2018 served as Interim Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Celsius Holdings
 Inc. he held leadership roles at Lebhar-Friedman
 Oragenics
Inc. and Eckerd Drugs
 Inc. Mr. Fieldly is a Certified Public Accountant in Florida. Mr. Fieldly&rsquo;s long tenure with the
Company makes him a valuable member of the board of directors in addition to his position as Chief Executive Officer.

Edwin
Negron-Carballo 
and has significant experience in mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Negron-Carballo served as the Chief Financial Officer of Concurrent
Manufacturing Solutions
 LLC from October 2012 to December 2017. Mr. Negron-Carballo&rsquo;s prior experience also includes working
for major companies such as KPMG
 Sodexo
 S.A.
 Tyco Healthcare-Latin America
 Energizer Battery and Frito-Lay.

Nicholas
Castaldo
beverage industry with executive positions in public and private companies
 multi-nationals and start-ups. He is an Equity Partner
and Advisory Board member of Lime Fresh Mexican Grill
 a fast-casual Mexican restaurant chain and served as the company&rsquo;s
CMO for 2 years. Mr. Castaldo was an Equity Partner and member of the founding management team of Anthony&rsquo;s Coal Fired Pizza
a casual dining restaurant chain
 and served as President
 Senior Vice-President/Chief Marketing Officer
 and Board Member for
12 years. He served for 8 years as President of Pollo Tropical
 a Miami-based fast casual restaurant chain. He has held senior
Marketing positions at Denny&rsquo;s
 CitiCorp Savings and Burger King. He is an Adjunct Professor at the H. Wayne Huizenga College
of Business and Entrepreneurship at Nova Southeastern University teaching courses in Marketing and Entrepreneurship and earned
an MBA from Harvard University. His experience in the food and beverage industry qualifies him as a valuable member of the board
of directors.



    
    


Caroline
Levy 
at Macquarie
 in her role Caroline covered both large and small cap beverage companies. Prior to this
 she spent eight years as
a managing director and senior analyst at CLSA. This followed a decade at UBS
 where Caroline headed the US consumer research
team
 while also holding the position of COO for all research and Chair of the Investment Review Committee. Caroline has made
numerous media appearances including CNBC&rsquo;s &ldquo;Mad Money with Jim Cramer&rdquo; and Bloomberg. Additionally
 she has
been recognized multiple times including
 &ldquo;The Institutional Investor All Star survey&rdquo; and &ldquo;The Wall Street
Journal analyst rankings&rdquo;
 for stock picking and earnings accuracy. Ms. Levy&rsquo;s investment banking experience
 with
a focus on beverage companies
 brings a unique perspective to her position on our board of directors.

William
H. Milmoe 
 Mr. Milmoe has served as President of CDS
International Holdings
 Inc.
 a privately-held holding company based in Boca Raton
 Florida
 which oversees the business investments
and holdings of Carl DeSantis
 one of our principal shareholders. Mr. Milmoe is a Certified Public Accountant and prior to joining
CDS consulted on various business and tax matters along with five years of service with PricewaterhouseCoopers. His long and varied
business and accounting experience qualifies him to serve as a member of our board of directors.

Kevin
Harrington 
introduction and direct marketing
 being one of the first to market products through infomercials. Since 2005
 he has been Chief
Executive Officer of Harrington Business Development
 Inc.
 a privately-held consulting firm. A serial entrepreneur
 Mr. Harrington
appeared as one of the original panelists on the ABC television program
.&rdquo; He currently also serves
as Chairman of the Board of As Seen On TV
 Inc.
 a public company which focuses on marketing products through infomercials and
other direct marketing. Mr. Harrington&rsquo;s extensive experience in product marketing makes him a valuable member of the board
of directors.

Hal
Kravitz 
 Mr. Kravitz has served as President
 Certified
Management Group
 a division of Advantage Solutions. From 2014 to 2018
 Mr. Kravitz served as Chief Executive Officer of AQUAhydrate
Inc.
 a company engaged in the manufacture
 distribution and marketing of bottled water. In 2013
 Mr. Kravitz helped form InterContinental
Beverage Capital
 a New York-based merchant bank focused on investments in the beverage industry. For over thirty (30) years prior
thereto
 Mr. Kravitz served as an executive officer and in other management positions in various units of the Coca-Cola system.
We believe that Mr. Kravitz&rsquo;s extensive experience in the beverage industry makes him a valuable member of the board of
directors.


    
    


Tony
Lau 
Horizons Ventures
Ventures&rdquo;)
 a Hong Kong based private investment fund
 with whom he has
been affiliated since 2014. Mr. Lau also manages China businesses and expansion for Horizons portfolio companies. Prior to Horizons
Ventures
 Mr. Lau was an investment banker with Goldman Sachs
 specializing in technology
 media and telecommunications investment.
Mr. Lau currently serves on the board of directors of ChromaDex Corp. (Nasdaq: CDXC)
 a patented and proprietary ingredient technologies
company. Mr. Lau earned a B.A. in Economics and Finance from Peking University and is currently pursuing the Business Scholars
Program (DBA) degree at the Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business (CKGSB). The Company believes Mr. Lau is qualified to serve
on the board of directors because of his extensive and unique business background.

Thomas
E. Lynch
 he served as President of the
Plastridge Insurance Agency
 Inc.
 a multi-office insurance agency based in Delray Beach
 Florida and currently is Chairman of
the Board of the agency. The agency traces its origins back to 1919. Mr. Lynch has served on many different boards throughout
the State of Florida and has also served as an elected official on several governmental boards. He is currently the Mayor of the
Village of Golf
 Florida. We believe that Mr. Lynch&rsquo;s long business experience makes him a valuable member of our board
of directors.

Alexandre
Ruberti 
beverage sales and distribution industry. His most recent tenure was serving dual positions with Red Bull. Mr. Ruberti joined
Red Bull in 2005 as Head of National Sales and Distribution of Brazil and rapidly advanced to his role as President of Red Bull
Distribution Company developing the business exponentially through incremental growth
 sustaining profitability
 and expanding
the warehouse base from 34 to 99 facilities in seven years. In 2019 he was appointed the additional position as Executive Vice
President of Sales for Red Bull North America. Prior to Red Bull
 he spent nine years working at Coca-Cola Bottlers in Brazil
holding several positions across multiple departments. Mr. Ruberti holds an MBA from Funda&ccedil;&atilde;o Getulio Vargas in
Brazil
 He also serves as a Board Member of Future Farm
 as well as Member of the Young Presidents' Organization &ndash; YPO -
Santa Monica Bay chapter and is an active angel investor. We believe that given Mr. Ruberti&rsquo;s extensive experience in the
beverage industry will provide valuable perspectives to execute our strategy
 drive profitability and enhance value for our shareholders.

Terms
of Directors and Executive Officers

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders and until their successors
are appointed and qualified
 or until their removal
 resignation
 or death.

Family
Relationships

There
are no familial relationships among our officers and directors.

Board
Committees and Independence

Our
board of directors has established three standing committees
 an audit committee
 a compensation committee and a nominating and
corporate governance committee. The audit and enterprise risk committee currently consists of Messrs. Lynch
 Levy and Milmoe
the human resource and compensation committee currently consists of Messrs. Kravitz
 Castaldo and Harrington and the nominating
and corporate governance committee currently consists of Messrs. Milmoe
 Lau and Lynch. Our board of directors has determined
&rdquo; within the meaning of the applicable rules and regulations of the
SEC and the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market.

In
addition
 we believe each of Messrs. Lynch
 Levy
&rdquo;
as the term is defined by the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards
 based
on their respective business professional experience in the financial and accounting fields. At the time of the listing of our
common stock for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market
 we are required to certify to the Nasdaq Stock Market
 that our audit committee
has
 and will continue to have
 at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting
 requisite professional
certification in accounting
 or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual&rsquo;s financial sophistication.

Audit
and Enterprise Risk Committee

The
audit and enterprise risk committee assists our board of directors in its oversight of the company&rsquo;s accounting and financial
reporting processes and the audits of the company&rsquo;s financial statements
 including (i) the quality and integrity of the
company&rsquo;s financial statements
 (ii) the company&rsquo;s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
 (iii) the independent
auditors&rsquo; qualifications and independence and (iv) the performance of our company&rsquo;s internal audit functions and independent
auditors
 as well as other matters which may come before it as directed by the board of directors. Further
 the audit committee
to the extent it deems necessary or appropriate
 among its several other responsibilities
 shall:



    
    
be responsible for
    the appointment
 compensation
 retention
 termination and oversight of the work of any independent auditor engaged for the
    purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit
 review or attest services for our company;




    
    




    
    
discuss the annual
    audited financial statements and the quarterly unaudited financial statements with management and the independent auditor
    prior to their filing with the SEC in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q;




    
    
review with the
    company&rsquo;s financial management on a period basis (a) issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement
    presentations
 including any significant changes in our company&rsquo;s selection or application of accounting principles
    and (b) the effect of any regulatory and accounting initiatives
 as well as off-balance sheet structures
 on the financial
    statements of our company;




    
    
monitor our Company&rsquo;s
    policies for compliance with federal
 state
 local and foreign laws and regulations and our company&rsquo;s policies on corporate
    conduct;




    
    
maintain open
 continuing
    and direct communication between the board of directors
 the audit committee and our independent auditors; and




    
    
monitor our compliance
    with legal and regulatory requirements and shall have the authority to initiate any special investigations of conflicts of
    interest
 and compliance with federal
 state and local laws and regulations
 including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
    as may be warranted.




    
    
evaluate risk assessment
    of the Company


Mr.
Lynch is the chairman of our audit committee.

Human
Resource and Compensation Committee

The
human resource and compensation committee aids our board of directors in meeting its responsibilities relating to the compliance
with all external regulatory requirements
 internal policies and the compensation of our company&rsquo;s executive officers and
to administer all incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans of the company
 including the plans under which company
securities may be acquired by directors
 executive officers
 employees and consultants. Further
 the committee
 to the extent
it deems necessary or appropriate
 among its several other responsibilities
 shall:


monitor
changes in employment laws and regulations to ensure our Company employment practices and policies are aligned and in compliance
with statutory requirements;



review
periodically our company&rsquo;s philosophy regarding executive compensation to (i) ensure the attraction and retention of corporate
officers; (ii) ensure the motivation of corporate officers to achieve our company&rsquo;s business objectives
 and (iii) align
the interests of key management with the long-term interests of our company&rsquo;s shareholders;

&nbsp;
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;


    
    
review and approve
    corporate goals and objectives relating to Chief Executive Officer compensation and other executive officers of Celsius;




    
    
make recommendations
    to the board of directors regarding compensation for non-employee directors
 and review periodically non-employee director
    compensation in relation to other comparable companies and in light of such factors as the compensation committee may deem
    appropriate; and




    
    
review periodically
    reports from management regarding funding our company&rsquo;s pension
 retirement
 long-term disability and other management
    welfare and benefit plans.


Mr.
Kravitz is the chairman of our compensation committee.

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee

The
nominating and corporate governance committee recommends to the board of directors individuals qualified to serve as directors
and on committees of the board of directors to advise the board of directors with respect to the board of directors composition
procedures and committees to develop and recommend to the board of directors a set of corporate governance principles applicable
to the Company; and to oversee the evaluation of the board of directors and Celsius&rsquo; management.


    
    


Further
the nominating and corporate governance committee
 to the extent it deems necessary or appropriate
 among its several other responsibilities
shall:



    
    
recommend to the
    board of directors and for approval by a majority of independent directors for election by shareholders or appointment by
    the board of directors as the case may be
 pursuant to our bylaws and consistent with the board of director&rsquo;s evidence
    for selecting new directors;




    
    
review the suitability
    for continued service as a director of each member of the board of directors when his or her term expires or when he or she
    has a significant change in status;




    
    
review annually
    the composition of the board of directors and to review periodically the size of the board of directors;




    
    
make recommendations
    on the frequency and structure of board of directors&rsquo; meetings or any other aspect of procedures of the board of directors;




    
    
make recommendations
    regarding the chairmanship and composition of standing committees and monitor their functions;




    
    
review annually
    committee assignments and chairmanships;




    
    
recommend the establishment
    of special committees as may be necessary or desirable from time to time; and




    
    
develop and review
    periodically corporate governance procedures and consider any other corporate governance issue.


Messrs.
Milmoe and Lau are the co-chairmen of our nominating and corporate governance committee.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our
common stock (collectively
&rdquo;) to report their ownership of and transactions in our common
stock to the SEC. Copies of these reports are also required to be supplied to us. To our knowledge
 based on our review of such
reports
 during the year ended December 31
 2020 the Reporting Persons complied with all applicable Section 16(a) reporting requirements.

Code
of Ethics

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers
 directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies
the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. This document will be made available in print
 free
of charge
 to any shareholder requesting a copy in writing from our Secretary at our executive offices in Boca Raton
 Florida.

Board
of Directors Role in Risk Oversight

Members
of the board of directors have periodic meetings with management and the Company&rsquo;s independent auditors to perform risk
oversight with respect to the Company&rsquo;s internal control processes. The Company believes that the board&rsquo;s role in
risk oversight does not materially affect the leadership structure of the Company


    
    


Item
11. Executive Compensation

Summary
Compensation Table

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning the compensation paid to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer
 who are our two executive officers
 during the years ended December 31
 2020
 2019 and 2018.



Name
    and Principal Position
    
    
    
Salary
    ($)
    
    
Bonus
    ($)
    
    
    
    Awards (#)
    
    
Other
    ($)
    
    
Total
    ($)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

John Fieldly
 CEO
    
    
    
    
464
526
    
    
    
284
782
    
    
    
4
129
    
    
    
6
201
    
    
    
755
509
    

    
    
    
    
    
422
300
    
    
    
234
377
    
    
    
400
000
    
    
    
5
889
    
    
    
662
566
    

    
    
    
    
    
410
000
    
    
    
223
450
    
    
    
450
000
    
    
    
8
668
    
    
    
642
118
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Edwin Negron-Carballo
 CFO
    
    
    
    
270
000
    
    
    
112
340
    
    
    
4
129
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
382
867
    

    
    
    
    
    
206
000
    
    
    
67
980
    
    
    
350
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
274
488
    

    
    
    
    
    
92
308
    
    
    
33
825
    
    
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
126
791
    




    
Mr. Fieldly was
    appointed Chief Executive Officer on April 16
 2018. Mr. Fieldly joined Celsius in January 2012 as its Chief Financial Officer
    and from March 2017 to March 2018 served as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.




    
Mr. Negron-Carballo
    joined the Company on July 18
 2018 as Chief Financial Officer.

    
    

    
Represents restricted
    stock awards where 4
129 shares are immediately vested in July 2020.




    
Represents stock
    options granted under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan to purchase 150
000 and 150
000 shares of common stock at an exercise
    price of $3.72 and $3.23 per share. The options vest in three annual installments commencing one year from the date of grant
    subject to continued employment and expire ten (10) years from the date of grant. In addition
 a 100
000-share restricted
    stock award was granted to Mr. Fieldly subject to a vesting schedule where 40
000 shares are immediately vested and 60
000
    shares vest in the sole discretion by the Board of Directors upon their determination on October 23
 2020
 that Func Food&rsquo;s
    operations have been successfully integrated into the Company.




    
Represents stock
    options granted under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan to purchase 150
000 and 300
000 shares of common stock at an exercise
    price of $5.80 and $4.48 per share. The options vest in three annual installments commencing one year from the date of grant
    subject to continued employment and expire ten (10) years from the date of grant.

    
    

    
Represents restricted
    stock awards where 4
129 shares are immediately vested in July 2020.




    
Represents stock
    options granted under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan to purchase 150
000 and 150
000 shares of common stock at an exercise
    price of $3.72 and $3.23 per share. The options vest in three annual installments commencing one year from the date of grant
    subject to continued employment and expire ten (10) years from the date of grant. In addition
 a 50
000 share restricted stock
    award was granted to Mr. Negron-Carballo subject to a vesting schedule where 20
000 shares are immediately vested and 30
000
    shares vest in the sole discretion by the Board of Directors upon their determination on October 23
 2020
 that Func Food&rsquo;s
    operations have been successfully integrated into the Company.




    
Represents stock
    options granted under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan to purchase 150
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $4.60
    per share. The options vest in three annual installments commencing one year from the date of grant
 subject to continued
    employment and expire ten (10) years from the date of grant.



    
    


In
addition
 executive officers are entitled to participate in benefit plans maintained for employees of the Company generally.&nbsp;

Employment
Agreement

On
August 1
 2020
&rdquo;) with
John Fieldly
 our Chief Executive Officer. The initial term of the Fieldly Employment Agreement is from January 1
 2021 through
December 31
 2023. The Fieldly Employment Agreement provides for a base annual salary of $464
530
 eligibility for performance-based
incentive bonuses
 pursuant to such criteria as may be established by our compensation committee and the grant of options to Mr.
Fieldly under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan to purchase 300
000 shares of our common stock. The Fieldly Employment Agreement provides
 performance bonus for the number of months remaining
in the term (up to a maximum of 6 months) in the event of termination upon death; (ii) twelve months&rsquo; salary in the event
&rdquo;
payment in an amount equal to twice the total compensation (including performance bonus
 if any) for the two prior calendar years
&rdquo; (as defined
therein). The Fieldly Employment Agreement also contains customary confidentiality and non-competition provisions.

Compensation
of Directors Table

The
following table summarizes all compensation paid to our directors for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Earned
    or
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
All
    Other
    
    
    

    
    
Paid
    in Cash
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
35
000
    
    
3
097
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
35
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
35
000
    
    
3
097
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
35
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
37
000
    
    
3
097
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
37
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
333
    
    
55
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
333
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
3
097
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
37
000
    
    
5
050
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
37
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
38
000
    
    
5
050
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
38
000
    




    
Represents restricted
    stock awards where 3
097 shares are immediately vested in July 2020.

    
    

    
Represents options
    to purchase 55
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $14.53 per share granted under our 2015 Incentive Stock
    Plan in July 2020. 

    
    

    

Egbert resigned as a director in July 2020.

    
    

Represents
restricted stock awards of 1
958 and 3
097 issued in January and July of 2020 which are immediately vested.


Narrative
Disclosure to the Director Compensation Table

Our
non-employee directors will be compensated with options to purchase common stock or restricted awards of common stock as determined
by the compensation committee. Non-employee directors are also reimbursed for out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with
attending meetings.


    
    


Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to stock awards and grants of options to purchase our common stock outstanding
to the named executive officers at December 31
 2020.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
690
000
350
000
350
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
155
556
250
000
250
000
    
    




    
Represents grants
    of stock options under our Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan and 2015 Incentive Stock Plan.


Amended
2006 Incentive Stock Plan

In
January 2007
 we adopted our 2006 Incentive Stock Plan
 which was amended in July 2009. The Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan
provided for equity incentives to be granted to our employees
 officers or directors or to key advisers or consultants. Equity
incentives may be in the form of stock options with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the underlying shares
as determined pursuant to the Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock awards
 stock bonus
awards
 other stock-based awards
 or any combination of the foregoing. The Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan is administered by
the compensation committee of the board of directors. Options to purchase 245
000 shares of common stock are outstanding under
the 2006 Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan as of the date of this Report. The Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan (but not awards
thereunder) expired in January 2017.

2015
Incentive Stock Plan

Our
2015 Incentive Stock Plan
 adopted in April 2015
 provides for equity incentives to be granted to our employees
 executive officers
or directors or to key advisers or consultants. Equity incentives may be in the form of stock options with an exercise price not
less than the fair market value of the underlying shares as determined pursuant to the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan
 restricted stock
awards
 other stock-based awards
 or any combination of the foregoing. The 2015 Incentive Stock Plan is administered by the compensation
committee of the board of directors. There are 7
041
493 shares of our common stock are currently reserved for issuance pursuant
to the exercise of awards under the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan. The number of shares so reserved automatically adjusts upward on
January 1 of each year
 so that the number of shares covered by the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan is equal to 15% of our then issued
and outstanding common stock. Stock option and awards to purchase an aggregate of 5
019
646 shares of our common stock are outstanding
under the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan as of the date of this Report.

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation




    
    


Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.

The
following table sets forth
 as of the date of this Report
 the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each executive officer
and director
 by each person known by us to beneficially own 5% or more of our common stock and by executive officers and directors
as a group. The address of the each of the executive officers and directors set forth in the table is c/o the Company
 2424 North
Federal Highway
 Suite 208
 Boca Raton
 Florida 33431.



Names
    and addresses of beneficial owners
    
Number
    of
    Shares of 
    common 
stock
    
    
Percentage
    of 
class (%)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
225
252
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
301
866
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
264
807
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
174
764
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
158
097
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
73
685
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
287
181
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
087
252
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All officers and directors as a group (ten (10)
    persons)
    
    
13
542
904
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
22
079
152
    
    
    
    
    

    
    Delray Beach
 Florida 33483
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
8
899
348
    
    
    
    
    

    
    2 Queen&rsquo;s Road Central 
    Hong Kong
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Solina Chau Hoi
    Shuen 
    House 4 
    2 Island Road
 
    Hong Kong.
    
    
6
279
964
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Kimora
                                       Lee Simmons&nbsp;
512
        Seventh Avenue
 43
New
        York
 NY 10018&nbsp;
    
    
3
972
659
    
    
    
    
    




    
    


The
persons named above have full voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated. Under the rules of the SEC
 a
&rdquo; of a security if he or she
 directly or indirectly
has or shares the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security
 or the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition
of such security. Accordingly
 more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same security.



    
Includes (a) 790
000
    shares of our common stock that are issuable upon exercise of stock options and restricted stock rights and (b) 435
252 shares
    of common stock held of record by Mr. Fieldly.




    
    




    
Represents (a) 205
556
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and (b) 96
310 shares of common stock held of record by
    Mr. Negron.

    
    

    
Represents (a) 155
000
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and (b) 109
807 shares of common stock held of record by
    Mr. Castaldo.

    
    

    
Represents (a) 171
667
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and (b) 3
097 shares of common stock held of record by
    Mr. Lau.

    
    

    
Represents (a) 155
000
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and (b) 3
097 shares of common stock held of record by
    Mr. Kravitz.

    
    

    
Represents shares
    of common stock held of record by Mr. Harrington.

    
    

    
Represents (a) 105
000
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and (b) 182
181 shares of common stock held of record by
    Mr. Lynch.

    
    

    
Represents (a) 193
100
    shares of common stock held of record by Mr. Milmoe; (b) 155
000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options;
    (c) 3
860
311 shares of common stock held of record by CDS Ventures
&rdquo;); (d) 6
848
841
    shares of common stock held of record by CD Financial
&rdquo;); (d) 30
000 shares of common
&rdquo;). Mr. Milmoe and Carl DeSantis
    share voting power with respect to shares of common stock beneficially owned by CDS Ventures
 CD Financial and the Foundation.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr.
    Milmoe has shared dispositive power with respect to the Foundation shares but disclaims any pecuniary interest therein.

    
    

    
Includes (a) the
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and the owned and held of record by CD Financial
 CDS Ventures
    and the Foundation beneficially owned by Mr. Milmoe as set forth in footnote (8) above; and (b) the shares of common stock
    issuable upon the exercise of stock options and the shares owned and held of record by the Company&rsquo;s other officers
    and directors as set forth in footnotes (1) &ndash; (7) above.

    
    

    
Represents (a) 3
860
311
    shares of common stock held of record by CDS Ventures; (b) 6
848
841 shares of common stock held of record by CD Financial;
    (c) 870
&rdquo;);
    (d) 10
500
&rdquo;).
    Voting power of shares of common stock beneficially owned by CDS Ventures and CD Financial is shared by Mr. DeSantis and William
    H. Milmoe.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. DeSantis has sole dispositive power with respect to all listed shares.

    
    

    
Represents 8
899
348
    shares of common stock held of record by Charmnew Limited.

    
    

    
Represents 6
279
964
    shares of common stock held of record by Grieg International Limited and Oscar Time Limited
 over which shares Ms. Chau has
    voting and dispositive power.

    
    

    
Represents shares
    of common stock held of record.



    
    


Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 



Plan
    category
    
Number
    of 
    securities to
    be issued upon 
    exercise of
    outstanding 
    options

    warrants and rights
    
    
    
    
average
    exercise price of
    outstanding 
    options

    warrants and rights
    
    
Number
    of 
    securities 
    remaining
    available for 
    future issuance
    under equity 
    compensation plans 
    (excluding 
    securities
    reflected in 
    column (a))
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Equity compensation plans
    approved by security holders
    
5
198
245&nbsp;shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
021
847&nbsp;shares
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Equity compensation plans not approved by security
    holders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
5
198
245 shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
021
847
    




    
Represents shares
    of common stock reserved for issuance under our Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan and our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan.


Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.

Lease
of Executive Offices

The
Company&rsquo;s executive offices located at 2424 N Federal Highway
 Boca Raton
 Florida 33431 are leased from a company affiliated
with CD Financial. The lease expires in January 2024 and provides for monthly rent of $17
295. We believe that the monthly rent
is commensurate with other properties available in the market.

Approval
of Related Party Transactions

All
related party transactions are subject to the review
 approval or ratification of our board of directors or an appropriate committee
thereof.


    
    


Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

Audit
Fees

The
following is a summary of the audit
 tax and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance fees billed to us for professional services rendered for
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.



    
 December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
135
000
179
100

    
10
000
8
750

    
119
854
70
462



Audit
fees consist of billings for the audit of the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements by Assurance Dimensions including
the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form 10
 our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and reviews of the consolidated financial
statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.



Tax
fees related to paid to our tax professionals regarding tax processes and the filing of our tax returns.



All
other Fees
 mainly pertain to Sarbanes-Oxley related work
 performed by a specialized external audit firm in 2020. The 2020 figures
include audit and all related accounting services pertaining to our European business as of the date of the acquisition. The 2020
figures reflect the impact of the European business integration as of the date of the acquisition.


The
Company has an audit committee consisting of &ldquo;independent&rdquo; directors. It is the Company&rsquo;s policy to have its
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer preapprove all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent
public accountants
 subject to approval by the audit committee. These services may include audit
 audit-related
 tax and other
services. Pre-approval is generally for up to one year
 is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is
generally subject to a specific budget. Unless there are significant variations from the pre-approved services and fees
 the independent
public accountants and management generally are not required to formally report to the audit committee regarding actual services
and related fees.

Item
15. Financial Statements and Exhibits



    
    
The following documents
    are filed as part of this Report:




    
    
Financial
The following consolidated financial statements and the report of our independent registered public accounting
    firm
 are filed as &ldquo;


Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2020 and 2019

Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements



    
    
Financial
    Statement Schedules.


Financial
Statement Schedules are omitted because the information required is not applicable or the required information is shown in the
financial statements or notes thereto.


    
    




    
    
    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Articles of Incorporation
 as amended*

    
    
    

    
    
Bylaws
 as amended**

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Convertible Loan Agreement between the Company and CD Financial
 LLC dated December 14
 2018***

    
    
    

    
    
Employment
    Agreement between the Company and John Fieldly dated August 1
 2020****

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
    Firm*******

    
    
    

    
    
Section 302 Certification by Chief Executive
    Officer*******

    
    
    

    
    
Section 302 Certification by Chief Financial
    Officer*******

    
    
    

    
    
Section 906 Certification by Chief Executive
    Officer*******

    
    
    

    
    
Section 906 Certification by Chief Financial
    Officer*******



Management
compensation plan or arrangement.



Previously
filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form 10 and incorporated herein by reference
 except for
an amendment thereto filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15
 2020 and incorporated
herein by reference.



Previously
filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form 10 and incorporated herein by reference.



Previously
filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 19
 2018 and incorporated herein by reference.



Previously
filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 4
 2020 and incorporated herein by reference.



Previously
filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019 and incorporated herein
by reference.



Filed
herewith.




    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.



Date: March 11
 2021 
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC.

    
    

    
    
/s/
    John Fieldly

    
    
John
        Fieldly
 Chief Executive Officer&nbsp;
(Principal
        executive officer)&nbsp;




    
    
/s/
    Edwin Negron-Carballo

    
    
Edwin
        Negron-Carballo
 Chief Financial Officer&nbsp;
(Principal
        financial and accounting officer)&nbsp;


In
accordance with the Exchange Act
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    John Fieldly
    
President
 Chief
    Executive Officer and Director
    
March
    11
 2021

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Edwin F. Negron-Carballo 
    
    
    
March 11
 2021&nbsp;

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Kevin Harrington
    
    
    
March
    11
 2021

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Hal Kravitz
    
    
    
March
    11
 2021

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Tony Lau 
    
    
    
March
    11
 2021

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Thomas E. Lynch
    
    
    
March
    11
 2021

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    William H. Milmoe
    
    
    
March
    11
 2021

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Nicholas Castaldo
    
Director
    &nbsp;
    
March
    11
 2021

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Caroline Levy
    
Director
    &nbsp;
    
March
    11
 2021

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Alexandre Ruberti
    
Director
    &nbsp;
    
March
    11
 2021

    
    
    
    
    




    
    


INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    

    
    

Reports
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements
    of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

    
    

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements
    



    
    



REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and
Stockholders of Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Celsius Holdings
 Inc. (the Company) as of December 31
 2020
 and
the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for the year ended
December 31
 2020
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion
the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December
31
 2020
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2020
 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether
due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical
Audit Matters

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
 subjective
 or complex judgments. The communication of
critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by
communicating the critical audit matters below
 providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or
disclosures to which they relate.



    
    


Collectability
of Note Receivable

Description
of the Matter

Effective
January 1
 2019
 the Company entered into a separate economic agreement for the repayment of its marketing investment in China
with Qifeng. Under the repayment agreement
 Qifeng agreed to refund the Company over a five-year period. The repayment was formalized
via a Note Receivable (&ldquo;Note&rdquo;) from Qifeng. The initial outstanding principal under the Note was approximately $12.2
million and was denominated in the Chinese Renminbi (CNY). Installment payments under the Note are due on March 31 each year and
the first installment payment on the Note was due March 31
 2020. This payment was delayed and paid in September 2020 due to the
COVID 19 pandemic. The next installment payment due March 31
 2021 will be paid via a release of 62
000 shares of Celsius common
stock owned by Qifeng. This release will provide sufficient funds to pay the full amount that is due under the second installment
payment. Under a separate guarantee agreement the Company will maintain control over 275
079 Celsius common shares which serves
as collateral for the payment on the remaining amounts that will become due over the next three-years.

We
determined based on the fact pattern noted above the long term collectability of the remaining Note balance was as a critical
audit matter. The Note is collateralized by the Company&rsquo;s shares
 however we noted that there is volatility relating to
the value of the collateral which is based on the share price of the Company&rsquo;s stock.

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: 1. Obtaining and testing for reasonableness
of management&rsquo;s analysis to support the collectability of the remaining Note balance. 2. Obtained
 a confirmation from Qifeng
of the remaining balance due under the Note as of December 31
 2020 as well as confirming their intent and ability to pay the
next installment keeping them current with the agreement. 3. Reviewed a signed guarantee letter from Qifeng over the Company shares
that are being used as collateral associated with the remainder of the Note. 4. Obtained the Qifeng account statement from the
Company&rsquo;s transfer agent verifying the number of shares owned by Qifeng. The value of the collateral shares at December
31
 2020 was in excess of the total note receivable balance as of December 31
 2020. Based on the procedures performed and evidence
obtained we concluded that no allowance for collectability was required related to the Note as of December 31
 2020.





We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2017

Margate
Florida
March 10
 2021


    
    



To
the Board of Directors and
Stockholders of Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

Opinions
on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Celsius Holdings
 Inc. (the Company) as of December 31
 2019 and
the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for the year
ended December 31
 2019
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). We also have
audited the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2019

Control&mdash;Integrated Framework (2013)
(COSO).

As
described in the accompanying Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
 management has excluded
the acquired business of Func Food Group
 from management&rsquo;s report on internal control over financial reporting. We also
excluded the acquired business from our audit of internal control over financial reporting.

In
our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position
of the Company as of December 31
 2019 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2019
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also
 in our opinion
 the Company
maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2019
 based on criteria
established in&nbsp;

Basis
for Opinion

The
Company&rsquo;s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements
 for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting
 and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in
the accompanying Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether
due to error or fraud
 and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our
audit of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our
audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable
basis for our opinions.



    
    


Definition
and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A
company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&rsquo;s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.



/s/
    Assurance Dimensions
    

    
    

We have served as
    the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2017.
    

    
    

Coconut Creek
 Florida
    

March
    12
 2020
    




    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc. 
Consolidated
Balance Sheets



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
43
248
021
23
090
682

    
14
986
213
7
774
618

    
1
885
887
1
181
116

    
18
403
622
15
292
349

    
14
626
922
4
170
136

    
93
150
665
51
508
901

    
    
    

    
9
429
437
10
630
040

    
579
377
132
889

    
836
038
395
828

    
162
119
413
638

    
122
733
104
134

    
16
590
083
17
173
000

    
10
419
321
10
023
806

    
131
289
773
90
382
236

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
25
412
753
17
292
647

    
321
283
294
916

    
205
824
354
158

    
    
8
634
279

    
425
232
107
399

    
26
365
092
26
683
399

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
514
948
107
311

    
82
290
132
537

    
26
962
330
26
923
247

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized
 72
262
829 and 68
941
311 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 respectively (note 15)
72
263
68
942

    
159
884
154
127
552
998

    
(202
142
(753
520

    
(55
426
832
(63
409
431

    
104
327
443
63
458
989

    
131
289
773
90
382
236


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
130
725
777
75
146
546

    
69
752
032
43
844
733

    
60
973
745
31
301
813

    
    
    

    
34
875
339
21
129
722

    
18
187
406
11
620
534

    
53
062
745
32
750
256

    
    
    

    
7
911
000
(1
448
443

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
355
821
381
728

    
    
(509
430

    
(431
813
    

    
(16
004
(57
579

    
    
(707
286

    
(576
415
(119
188

    
(49
100
(29
579

    
152
112
    

    
1
375
925
    

    
(81
500
    

    
    
12
461
037

    
729
026
11
419
703

    
    
    

    
8
640
026
9
971
260

    
    
    

    
(116
177
    

    
    
    

    
8
523
849
9
971
260

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
551
378
(60
580

    
9
075
227
9
910
680

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
70
195
085
60
761
995

    
74
443
601
64
183
399



Please
refer to Earnings per Share section for further details.


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity 
For
the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2018
    
    
57
002
508
57
003
85
153
667
(26
997
(73
380
691
11
802
982

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
986
110
7
986
26
947
451
    
    
26
955
437

    
    
    
3
196
460
3
196
10
230
136
    
    
10
233
332

    
    
    
    
    
4
831
750
    
    
4
831
750

    
    
    
510
649
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
245
584
    
223
837
    
    
224
083

    
    
    
    
    
166
668
    
    
166
668

    
    
    
    
    
    
(726
523
    
(726
523

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
971
260
9
971
260


 2019
    
    
68
941
311
68
942
127
552
998
(753
520
(63
409
431
63
458
989

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
437
909
1
438
21
890
878
    
    
21
892
316

    
    
    
    
    
6
340
000
    
    
6
340
000

    
    
    
567
559
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
316
050
1
316
4
125
475
    
    
4
126
791

    
    
    
    
    
(115
430
    
(541
250
(656
680

    
    
    
    
    
90
800
    
    
90
800

    
    
    
    
    
    
551
378
    
26
993

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
523
849
9
048
234


 2020
    
    
72
262
829
72
263
159
884
154
(202
142
(55
426
832
104
327
443


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows



    
    

    





    
    
    

    
8
523
849
9
971
260

    
    
    

    
127
263
66
939

    
1
611
566
826
474

    
257
177
109
393

    
747
507
331
985

    
6
340
000
4
831
750

    
(322
936
(12
461
037

    
(152
112
    

    
    
    

    
(7
468
772
(1
432
980

    
(3
858
780
(2
239
254

    
(10
456
787
(805
571

    
8
120
106
2
624
892

    
(96
281
(895
806

    
150
547
105
943

    
3
395
084
1
033
988

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
331
011
    

    
(573
751
(77
974

    
    
(14
188
056

    
757
260
(14
266
030

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
    
1
500
000

    
(9
601
531
    

    
(280
208
(26
486

    
4
126
791
224
083

    
(656
680
    

    
90
800
    

    
21
892
316
26
955
437

    
15
571
488
28
653
034

    
433
507
(73
491

    
20
157
339
15
347
501

    
23
090
682
7
743
181

    
    
    

    
43
248
021
23
090
682

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
447
816
131
528

    
    
    

    
    
10
233
332

    
    
    

    
395
515
    

    
(395
515
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc. 
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
    


Business

&rdquo;) was incorporated
under the laws of the State of Nevada on April 26
 2005. On January 24
 2007
 the Company entered into a merger agreement and
plan of reorganization with Elite FX
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 Elite FX
 Inc. was
merged into the Company&rsquo;s subsidiary
 Celsius
 Inc. and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company on January 26
 2007.
In addition
 on March 28
 2007 the Company established Celsius Netshipments
 Inc. a Florida corporation as a subsidiary of the
Company.

On
February 7
 2018
 the Company established Celsius Asia Holdings Limited a Hong Kong corporation as a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company. On February 7
 2018 Celsius China Holdings Limited a Hong Kong corporation became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celsius
Asia Holdings Limited and on May 9
 2018
 Celsius Asia Holdings Limited established Celsius (Beijing) Beverage Limited
 a China
corporation as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celsius Asia Holdings Limited.

On
October 25
 2019
 the Company acquired 100% of Func Food Group
&rdquo;). The Acquisition was structured
as a purchase of all of Func Food&rsquo;s equity shares and a restructuring of Func Food&rsquo;s pre-existing debt. Func Food
was the Nordic distributor for the Company since 2015. Func Food is a marketer and distributor of nutritional supplements
 health
food products
 and beverages (see note 10).

The
Company is engaged in the development
 marketing
&rdquo; calorie-burning fitness
beverages under the Celsius&reg; brand name.



    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (&ldquo;US GAAP&rdquo;).

Consolidation
Policy
 Inc. and its subsidiaries.
All material inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Significant
Estimates
accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts
allowance for inventory obsolescence
 the useful lives and values of property
 fixtures and equipment
 impairment of intangible
assets &amp; goodwill
 valuation of stock-based compensation
 and deferred tax asset valuation allowance.

Reclassification
of Prior Year Presentation &ndash; 
for consistency with the current year presentation. An adjustment has been made to present certain changes in operating assets
and liabilities related to the China Settlement as part of the total net changes in operating assets and liabilities
 rather than
as separately presented items. Additionally
 modifications have been made to present the effects of depreciation &amp; amortization
bad debt allowance and inventory excess and obsolescence allowance as adjustments to reconcile net income/(loss) to net cash flows
from operating activities
 rather than as part of changes in operating assets and liabilities. Lastly
 right-of-use assets and
lease liabilities related to finance leases have been separately presented from those related to operating leases in the consolidated
balance sheets. These reclassifications had no effect on previously reported cash flows from operating
 investing
 or financing
activities.

Segment
Reporting 
 have discrete
financial information
 and whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker (CODM) to make
decisions about allocating resources and to assess performance. Even though we have operations in several geographies
 we operate
as a single enterprise. Our operations and strategies are centrally designed and executed given that our geographical components
are very similar. Our CODM
 the CEO
 reviews operating results primarily from a consolidated perspective
 and makes decisions
and allocates resources based on that review. The reason our CODM focuses on consolidated results in making decisions and allocating
resources is because of the significant economic interdependencies between our geographical operations and the Company&rsquo;s
U.S. entity.


    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc. 
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


Concentrations
of Risk

The
Company uses single supplier relationships for its raw materials purchases and filling capacity
 which potentially subjects the
Company to a concentration of business risk. If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to
the Company
 operations could be adversely affected.

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
and accounts receivable. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality financial institutions. At times
balances in the Company&rsquo;s cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31
 2020
the Company had approximately $43 million in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit.

For
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of revenue with
its customers. Specifically
 there is one customer that has accounted for approximately 15% and 12% of our revenue
 for the years
ended December 31
 2020 and 2019. The below table reflects this customer&rsquo;s evolution as a percentage of our total revenue.
&nbsp;



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


At
December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its
customers:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Cash
Equivalents
to be cash equivalents. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company did not have any investments with maturities of three months
or less.

Accounts
Receivable
accounts based upon factors pertaining to the credit risk of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. Delinquent
accounts are written-off when it is determined that the amounts are uncollectible. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 there was an
allowance for doubtful accounts of $549
573 and $292
400
 respectively.


    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc. 
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


Inventories

using the FIFO method. Inventories consist of raw materials and finished products. The Company establishes an inventory reserve
to reduce the value of the inventory during the period in which such materials and products are no longer usable or marketable.
Specifically
 the Company reviews inventory utilization during the past twelve months and also customer orders for subsequent
months. If there has been no utilization during the last 12 months and there are no orders in-place in future months which will
require the use of inventory item
 then inventory item will be included as part of the reserve during the period being evaluated.
Management will then specifically evaluate whether these items may be utilized within a reasonable time frame (e.g.
 3 to 6 months).
At December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019
 the Company recorded an allowance of $1
613
000 and $865
000 respectively. The changes
in the allowance are included in cost of revenue.

Property
and Equipment
of property and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset generally ranging
from three to seven years.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets
 &ldquo;Property
Plant
 and Equipment&rdquo; the Company reviews the carrying value of intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at
least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset
or asset group is expected to generate. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured
by the amount by which the carrying amount of the property
 if any
 exceeds its fair value. The Company did not record any impairment
during the year ended December 31
 2020.

Long-lived
Asset Geographic Data

The
following table sets forth long-lived asset information which includes property plant and equipment and lease right of use assets
and excludes goodwill and intangibles
 where individual countries represent a material portion of the total:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
694
697
127
302

    
    
    

    
431
959
360
153

    
450
878
454
900

Long-lived
assets related to foreign operations
882
837
815
053

    
1
577
534
942
355


Goodwill

and intangible assets acquired
 including related tax effects. Goodwill is not amortized; instead
 goodwill is tested for impairment
on an annual basis
 or more frequently if the Company believes indicators of impairment exist. The Company first assesses qualitative
factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value.
If the Company determines that the fair value is less than the carrying value
 the Company will recognize an impairment charge
based on the excess of a reporting unit&rsquo;s carrying value over its fair value. At December 31
 2020
 there were no indicators
of impairment.


    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc. 
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


Intangible
assets
Company amortizes intangible assets with a definitive life over their respective useful lives. Intangibles with indefinite lives
are tested for impairment on an annual basis
 or more frequently if the Company believes indicators of impairment exist.

Revenue
Recognition
The Company recognizes revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Product
sales occur once control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the
Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring goods. The amount of consideration the Company receives and revenue the
Company recognizes varies with changes in customer incentives the Company offers to its customers and their customers. Sales taxes
and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue.

Customer
Advances 
Such amounts are initially recorded as customer advances liability within other current liabilities. The Company recognizes such
revenue as it is earned in accordance with revenue recognition policies. As of December 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the Company did not
have any customer advances.

Advertising
Costs
 local sampling events
 sponsorships
endorsements
 and digital advertising. The Company incurred marketing and advertising expenses of approximately $14.2 million
and $7.9 million
 during years ending December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Research
and Development
consist primarily of consulting fees
 raw material usage and test productions of beverages. The Company incurred expenses of $508
000
and $341
000 during years ending December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Foreign
Currency Translation &mdash;
assets of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars using current exchange rates. The U.S. dollar results that arise
from such translation
 as well as exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances of long-term investment nature
 are included
in Comprehensive Income. The Company incurred foreign currency translation net gains during the year ended December 31
 2020 of
approximately $27
000 and net losses of approximately $60
600 during the year ended December 31
 2019. Our operations in different
countries required that we transact in the following currencies:






The
Company&rsquo;s results now include the operations of our European entities for the entire year ended December 31
 2020. During
this period the currencies in these countries appreciated considerably when compared to the US Dollar giving way to significant
currency gains which are reflected in our consolidated results.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to their relative short-term maturity and market interest rates.


    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


Fair
Value Measurements
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally
 ASC 820 requires the use
of valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are
prioritized below:



    
Level
    1:
Observable inputs
    such as quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

    
    
    

    
    
Observable market-based
    inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.

    
    
    

    
    
Unobservable inputs
    for which there is little or no market data
 which require the use of the reporting entity&rsquo;s own assumptions.


Other
than these noted previously
 the Company did not have any other assets or liabilities measured at fair value at December 31
 2020
and 2019.

Income
Taxes &mdash; 
 &ldquo;Accounting for Income
Taxes
&rdquo; which requires
 among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset
and liability approach require the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided
to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will
not be realized. The Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to


 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing
authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that
would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the
financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not
that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any.
Income
Taxes (continued) &mdash;
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely
of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions
taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the
accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon
examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company
has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.

The


a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a
tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.
For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position
is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations
remains open.


    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


The
Company&rsquo;s tax returns for tax years in 2018 through 2020 remain subject to potential examination by the taxing authorities.

Earnings
per Share 
number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number
of common and dilutive common share equivalents outstanding during the period. Under ASC 260-10-45-16
 the calculation of diluted
earnings per share
 the numerator should be adjusted to add back any convertible dividends and the after-tax amount of interest
recognized in the period associated with any convertible debt. The denominator should include the number of additional common
shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued. Please refer to the below table
for additional details:



    
 ended December 31


    
    
    

    
8
523
849
9
971
260

    
    
    

    
    
348
493

    
    
239
570

    
8
523
849
10
559
323

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
70
195
085
60
761
995

    
74
443
601
64
183
399


Share-Based
Payments 
and related interpretations. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at the fair value of the share-based
payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the grants. On April 30
 2015
the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and retain highly
competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting or advisory
services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&rsquo;s common stock or to receive monetary payments
based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and shares for up to 5
000
000
shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares included under the plan
 with the shares
to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1
 2017 (note 17). As of December 31
 2020
 total shares
available are 2.0 million.

Cost
of Sales 
 the costs of raw materials utilized
in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound &amp; out-bound freight charges
 as well as certain
internal transfer costs
 warehouse expenses incurred prior to the manufacture of the Company&rsquo;s finished products
 inventory
allowance for excess and obsolete products
 and certain quality control costs. Raw materials account for the largest portion of
the cost of sales. Raw materials include cans
 bottles
 other containers
 flavors
 ingredients and packaging materials.


    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


Operating
Expenses 
 as well as expenses
for advertising
 samplings and in-store demonstrations costs
 costs for merchandise displays
 point-of-sale materials and premium
items
 sponsorship expenses
 other marketing expenses and design expenses. Operating expenses also include such costs as payroll
costs
 travel costs
 professional service fees (including legal fees)
 depreciation and other general and administrative costs.

Shipping
and Handling Costs 
Freight expense on goods shipped for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 was $9.5 million and $6.3 million
 respectively.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

The
Company adopts all applicable
 new accounting pronouncements as of the specified effective dates.

In
September 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13
 Financial Instruments &ndash; Credit Losses (Topic 326) (&ldquo;ASU 2016-13&rdquo;)
which requires the immediate recognition of management&rsquo;s estimates of current and expected credit losses. In November 2018
the FASB issued ASU 2018-19
 which makes certain improvements to Topic 326. In April and May 2019
 the FASB issued ASUs 2019-04
and 2019-05
 respectively
 which adds codification improvements and transition relief for Topic 326. In November 2019
 the FASB
issued ASU 2019-10
 which delays the effective date of Topic 326 for Smaller Reporting Companies to interim and annual periods
beginning after December 15
 2022
 with early adoption permitted. In November 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-11
 which makes improvements
to certain areas of Topic 326. In February 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-02
 which adds an SEC paragraph
 pursuant to the issuance
of SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 119
 to Topic 326. Topic 326 is effective for the Company for fiscal years and interim reporting
periods within those years beginning after December 15
 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting
this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.

On
January 1
 2020
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2017-04
 &ldquo;Intangibles and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill
Impairment&rdquo;
 which eliminates the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill
 but rather requires an entity
to record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit&rsquo;s carrying value over its fair value. Adoption of
this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.

On
January 1
 2020
 the Company adopted ASU No. 2018-13
 Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework Changes to the
Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement. The amendments in this update modify the disclosure requirements on fair value
measurements in Topic 820. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.

All
new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations
cash flows or financial position with the exception of the updated previously disclosed above
 there have been no new accounting
pronouncements not yet effective that have significance to our consolidated financial statements.

Liquidity

December 31
 2020
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $54
902
447 which includes a net income available to common stockholders
of $8
523
849 for year ended December 31
 2020. During the year ending December 31
 2020 the Company&rsquo;s net cash provided
by operating activities totaled approximately $3
395
084

If
our sales volumes do not meet our projections
 expenses exceed our expectations
 our plans change
 we may be unable to generate
enough cash flow from operations to cover our working capital requirements. In such case
 we may be required to adjust our business
plan
 by reducing marketing
 lower our working capital requirements and reduce other expenses or seek additional financing. Furthermore
our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in the global macro-economic environment related to
the pandemic and public health crises related to the COVID-19 outbreak. We are closely monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic and its
potential impact to our business. While we do not expect that the COVID-19 pandemic will have a significant adverse effect on
our business
 financial condition
 or operations at this time
 we are unable to accurately predict the impact that COVID-19 will
have due to the uncertainties which include the ultimate geographic spread of the virus
 the intensity of the virus
 the duration
of the outbreak
 and/or actions that may be taken by governmental agencies.


    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019




    
    


The
Company recognizes revenue when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Product sales occur
once control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects
to receive in exchange for transferring goods. The amount of consideration the Company receives and revenue the Company recognizes
varies with changes in customer incentives the Company offers to its customers and their customers. Sales taxes and other similar
taxes are excluded from revenue.

Information
about the Company&rsquo;s net sales by reporting segment for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 is as follows:



    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
95
480
310
59
659
320

    
33
727
441
14
455
634

    
1
092
703
840
648

    
425
323
190
944

    
130
725
777
75
146
546


All
of the Company&rsquo;s North America revenue is derived from the United States
 which is the Company&rsquo;s country of domicile.
Of the Company&rsquo;s total foreign revenues of $35.2 million and $15.5 million for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
respectively
 the only individual country that represents a material portion of total consolidated revenue was Sweden
 which had
total revenues of approximately $23.1 million and $8.8 million for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Revenues
are attributed to countries based on the location of the customer.

License
Agreement

In
January 2019
 the Company entered into a license and repayment of investment agreement with Qifeng Food Technology (Beijing) Co.
Ltd (&ldquo;Qifeng&rdquo;). Under the agreement
 Qifeng was granted the exclusive license rights to manufacture
 market and commercialize
Celsius branded products in China. The term of the agreement is 50 years
 with annual royalty fees due from Qifeng after the end
of each calendar year. The royalty fees are based on a percentage of Qifeng&rsquo;s sales of Celsius branded products; however
the fees are fixed for the first five years of the agreement
 totaling approximately $6.9 million
 and then are subject to annual
guaranteed minimums over the remaining term of the agreement.

Under
the agreement
 the Company grants Qifeng exclusive license rights and provides ongoing support in product development
 brand promotion
and technical expertise. The ongoing support is integral to the exclusive license rights and
 as such
 both of these represent
a combined
 single performance obligation. The transaction price consists of the guaranteed minimums and the variable royalty
fees
 all of which are allocated to the single performance obligation.

The
Company recognizes revenue from the agreement over time because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits
from the services. The Company uses the passage of time to measure progress towards satisfying its performance obligation because
its efforts in providing the exclusive license rights and ongoing support occur on a generally even basis throughout the year.
Total revenue recognized under the agreement was approximately $770
000 for the year ended December 31
 2020
 determined by the
minimum royalties due as per the licensing agreement
 and is reflected in the Company&rsquo;s Asia reporting segment.



    
    


Inventories
consist of the following at:



    





    
    
    

    
15
334
386
12
990
044

    
4
682
291
3
167
853

    
(1
613
055
(865
548

    
18
403
622
15
292
349



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
    


Prepaid
expenses and other current assets total $14
626
922 and $4
170
136
 at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 and consist mainly
of prepaid advances to co-packers related to inventory production
 advertising
 prepaid insurance
 prepaid slotting fees
 value
added tax payments and deposits on purchases. The increase of approximately $10
500
000 is mainly related to advances to co-packers
pertaining to inventory production.



    
    


&nbsp;Note
receivable consists of the following at:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
885
887
1
181
116

    
9
429
437
10
630
04

    
11
315
324
11
811
156


Effective
January 1
 2019
 we restructured our China distribution efforts by entering into two separate agreements as it relates to the
commercialization of our Celsius products (i.e.
 license agreement) and a repayment of investment agreement with Qifeng. Under
the license agreement
 Qifeng was granted the exclusive license rights to manufacture
 market and commercialize Celsius&reg; brand
products in China. Qifeng will pay a minimum royalty fee of $6.9 million for the five years of the term of the agreement
 transitioning
to a volume-based royalty fee
 thereafter. Under a separate economic agreement
 Qifeng Food will repay the marketing investments
made by Celsius into the China market through 2018
 over the same five-year period. The repayment
 which was formalized via a
Note Receivable from Qifeng
 will need to be serviced even if the licensing agreement is cancelled or terminated.

The
initial outstanding principal under the Note was approximately $12.2 million which is denominated in Chinese Renminbi (CNY) and
was recorded as Other Income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2019. The amount recognized
considered the net of the balances of the accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses
 as well as the marketing
investments that were performed in the China market.

Scheduled
principal payments plus accrued interest are due annually on March 31 of each year starting in 2020. The Note is recorded at amortized
cost basis and accrues interest at a rate per annum equal to the weighted average of 5% of the outstanding principal up to $5
million and 2% of the outstanding principal above $5 million. On September 12
 2020
 it was agreed to fix the interest rate at
3.21% which reflected the weighted average interest rate for the 5-year period of the Note. For the year ended December 31
 2020
interest income was approximately $356
000.

The
Company assesses the Note for impairment periodically by evaluating whether it is probable that the Company will be unable to
collect all the contractual interest and principal payments as scheduled in the Note agreement
 based on historical experience
about Qifeng&rsquo;s ability to pay
 the current economic environment and other factors. If the Note is determined to be impaired
the impairment is measured based on the present value of the expected future cash flows under the Note
 discounted at the Note&rsquo;s
effective interest rate. At December 31
 2020
 the Note was not deemed to be impaired.

The
first installment of the note and interest of RMB 10
848
193 as well as royalties in the amount of RMB 2
404
900 were due on March
31
 2020. We were requested to provide a 3-month consideration to delay payment until June 30
 2020
 due to the impact of the
health crisis in China. As of June 30
 2020
 we received payment of the RMB 10
848
193. An additional extension of 3-months was
requested regarding the payment of the RMB 2
404
900 pertaining to the royalties. As of September 30
 2020
 we received payment
in full of the royalties that were due. Both the Note and related payments are subject to foreign currency fluctuations.

In
order to grant the aforementioned considerations
 a guarantee was obtained for the full amount of the royalties that were payable
as of September 30
 2020
 as well as the amounts that become due on March 31
 2021 pertaining to the Note
 related interest and
royalties. As collateral
 we have maintained a stock certificate in Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
 which amounted to 337
079 shares.

In
order to obtain payment pertaining to amounts that are due on March 31
 2021
 we will release 62
000 shares which will provide
sufficient funds to pay in full the amount that is due regarding the Note
 interest and royalties. We will maintain the remaining
275
079 shares as collateral or guarantee of payment on the remaining amounts that will become due over the next three-years.
As such
 royalties
 principal and interest are expected to be paid in full when they become due.


    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
    


The
Company&rsquo;s leasing activities include an operating lease of its corporate office space from a related party (see Note 14)
and several other operating and finance leases of vehicles and office space for the Company&rsquo;s European operations.

At
the inception of a contract
 the Company assesses whether the contract is
 or contains
 a lease. The Company&rsquo;s assessment
is based on: (1) whether the contract involves the use of a distinct identified asset
 (2) whether the Company obtains the right
to substantially all the economic benefit from the use of the asset throughout the term
 and (3) whether the Company has the right
to direct the use of the asset. The Company allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease and non-lease component
based on the component&rsquo;s relative stand-alone price to determine the lease payments. Lease and non-lease components are
accounted for separately.

Leases
are classified as either finance leases or operating leases based on criteria in ASC Topic 842
 &ldquo;Leases&rdquo;. The Company&rsquo;s
operating leases are generally comprised of real estate and vehicles
 and the Company&rsquo;s finance leases are generally comprised
of vehicles.

At
lease commencement
 the Company records a lease liability equal to the present value of the remaining lease payments
 discounted
using the rate implicit in the lease or
 if that rate cannot be readily determined
 the Company&rsquo;s incremental borrowing
rate. A corresponding right-of-use asset (&ldquo;ROU asset&rdquo;) is recorded
 measured based on the initial measurement of the
lease liability. ROU assets also include any lease payments made and exclude lease incentives. Lease terms may include options
to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option.

Lease
expense for operating leases
 consisting of lease payments
 is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Included
in lease expense are any variable lease payments incurred in the period that were not included in the initial lease liability.
Lease expense for finance leases consists of the amortization of the ROU asset on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the
useful life of the asset or the lease term
 and interest expense is calculated using the effective interest rate method.


    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
    


The
following is a summary of lease cost recognized in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated statements of operations:



    
    
    

    

 
2020

 
2019

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
384
503
    
188
977
    

    
    
328
505
    
97
478

    
384
503
328
505
188
977
97
478

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
16
004
    
2
288

    
    
16
004
    
2
288

    
384
503
344
509
188
977
99
766


The
following is a summary of the impact of the Company&rsquo;s leases on the consolidated statements of cash flows:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(389
831
(182
917

    
(16
004
(2
288

    
(405
835
(185
205

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(280
208
(26
486

    
(280
208
(26
486


The
weighted-average remaining lease terms and weighted-average discount rates for operating and finance leases at December 31
 2020
and December 31
 2019 were as follows:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


The
future annual minimum lease payments required under the Company&rsquo;s leases as of December 31
 2020 are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
365
738
210
477
576
215

    
283
274
76
434
359
708

    
252
081
7
392
259
473

    
15
391
    
15
391

    
916
484
294
303
1
210
787

    
(80
253
(6
189
(86
442

    
836
231
288
114
1
124
345

    
(321
283
(205
824
(527
107

    
514
948
82
290
597
238



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
    


Property
and equipment consist of the following at:



    





    
    
    

    
1
103
301
529
550

    
(523
924
(396
661

    
579
377
132
889


Depreciation
expense amounted to $127
263 and $66
939 during years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.



    
    


Goodwill
consists of approximately $10
419
321 resulting from the excess of the consideration paid and the fair value of net tangible and
intangible assets acquired from the Func Food Acquisition (see note 10). As detailed in note 10
 goodwill increased by $395
000
in 2020. There was no other activity related to goodwill during the year ended December 31
 2020.

Intangible
assets consist of acquired customer relationships and brands from the Func Food Acquisition. The gross carrying amount and accumulated
amortization of intangible assets were as follows as of December 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
14
050
000
14
050
000

    
(582
917
    

    
13
467
083
14
050
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
123
000
3
123
000

    
16
590
083
17
173
000


Customer
relationships are amortized over an estimated useful life of 25 years and brands have an indefinite life. Amortization expense
for the year ended December 31
 2020 was $582
917. There was no amortization expense related to intangible assets for the year
ended December 31
 2019.

Other
fluctuations in the amounts of intangible assets are due to currency translation adjustments.

The
following is the future estimated amortization expense related to customer relationships as of December 31
 2020:





    

    
562
000

    
562
000

    
562
000

    
562
000

    
562
000

    
10
657
083

    
13
467
083



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
    


The
Company acquired 100% of Func Food Group
 Oyj (&ldquo;Func Food) on October 25
 2019 (&ldquo;the Acquisition&rdquo;). The Acquisition
was structured as a purchase of all of Func Food&rsquo;s equity shares and a restructuring of Func Food&rsquo;s pre-existing debt.
Total consideration was $27
060
701
 which consisted of approximately $14
188
000 in cash
 $8
357
000 of newly issued bonds (see
note 13) and $4
516
000 related to the settlement of a pre-existing debt. In addition to the aforementioned bond issuance
 the
Company financed the acquisition by issuing new common shares.

Func
Food is a marketer and distributor of nutritional supplements
 health food products and beverages
 that support sport activities
and healthy living and lifestyles in Finland
 Sweden
 and Norway. Func Food has been the Nordic distributor of Celsius products
since 2015 and
 as a result of the acquisition
 the Company expects to further increase its Nordic market share by leveraging
collaborations
 revamping its marketing strategy and focusing on core products. It also expects to reduce costs through economies
of scale.

The
Company recorded the acquisition in accordance with ASC Topic 805
 pertaining to business combinations. The following table summarizes
the consideration paid for Func Food and the amounts of the assets acquired at fair market value and liabilities assumed recognized
at the Acquisition date.



    
    

    
14
188
056

    
8
356
958

    
4
515
687

    
27
060
701

    
    

    
    

    
1
300
468

    
2
161
067

    
331
774

    
    

    
806
572

    
101
413

    
14
050
000

    
3
123
000

    
(3
489
080

    
(817
041

    
(927
088

    
16
641
701

    
10
419
000


During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 goodwill increased by approximately $395
000 due to an additional liability that the Company
assumed from the Func Food Acquisition. The additional liability consisted of charges related to an uncertain fiscal position
reflected in a 2016 filing. This increase in liabilities and goodwill was recorded as a measurement period adjustment to the net
assets acquired from the Func Food Acquisition. The additional liability is reflected in other current liabilities.

The
amounts of revenue and earnings of Func Food included in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated statements of operations for the years
ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 are as follows:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
33
727
441
6
651
969

    
4
459
555
52
077




    
    


Accounts
payable and accrued expenses consist of the following at:



    





    
    
    

    
11
854
421
10
159
900

    
13
558
332
7
132
747

    
25
412
753
17
292
647



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
    


Other
current liabilities consist of the following at:



    





    
    
    

    
425
232
107
399

    
425
232
107
399




    
    


Bonds
payable consists of the following as of:



    





    
    
    

Bonds were originally issued by Func Food Group
 Oyj and were reinstated as part of the purchase consideration to acquire the European Operations (see note 10). On October 30
 2020
 the Company fully repaid the Bonds in cash
 in accordance with their original terms. The total amount paid was approximately $9.9 million
The
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Bonds are Euro-denominated
 unregistered
 and were issued on October 25
 2019 at an initial nominal amount of approximately
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           $9.1 million
 less discount and issuance costs of approximately $0.7 million. The Bonds accrue interest at a stated interest
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           rate of 6.00% per annum
 due semi-annually in arrears
 with the first interest payment due on April 30
 2020. The maturity
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           date of the Bonds is October 30
 2020. The Bonds are carried at the nominal amount
 less any unamortized discount and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           issuance costs.&nbsp;&nbsp;The original issuance discount amounted to approximately $381
000. &nbsp;The discount was
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           amortized using the effective interest rate method. As of December 31
 2020
 there was zero unamortized discount.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Amortization of the discount was approximately $381
000 for the year ended December 31
 2020. The Bond issuance costs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           amounted to $195
415. The issuance costs were amortized over a straight-line basis
 given the short-term nature and that it
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           does not result in a material difference from applying the effective interest rate method. Amortization of the total bond
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           discounts and issuance costs for the year ended December 31
 2020 was $576
415. Fluctuations in currency resulted in a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           translation loss of $394
371
 for the year ended December 31
 2020.
    
    

    
    
    


 Func Food Group
 Oyj may
 at its own election
 convert up to 50% of the outstanding nominal amount of the Bonds into shares of common stock
 at a conversion price relative to the 30-day weighted-average trading price of the Company&rsquo;s common shares prior to the Acquisition. This conversion feature was never exercised.
    
    

    
    
    


 Oyj&rsquo;s election
 the Bonds are callable at 103% at any time. Additionally
 mandatory prepayments would be required in the event of either i) a capital raise consummated by the Company or ii) the sale of a certain product line of Func Food. To the fullest extent possible
 the net proceeds derived from either event must first be applied towards prepayment of the bonds at 103%
 plus any accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount. Neither the call provision nor the mandatory prepayment provision was ever exercised or triggered.
    
    

    
    
    


 mainly related to minimum cash requirements at the end of each quarter. Func Food was in compliance with these covenants through the date that they were fully repaid and redeemed and thereafter.
    
8
634
279

    
    
8
634
279



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
    


The
Company&rsquo;s office is rented from a company affiliated with CD Financial
 LLC which is controlled by one of our major shareholders.
The current lease expires on January 2024 with monthly rent of $17
295. The rental fee is commensurate with other properties available
in the market.



    
STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo;
    EQUITY 


Issuance
of common stock pursuant to incentive stock plan exercises

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company issued an aggregate of 1
883
609 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise
of grants under the Company&rsquo;s Stock Incentive Plans. The Company received aggregate proceeds of $4
126
791 for 1
316
050
cash exercises
 with the balance of the grants having been exercised on a &ldquo;cashless&rdquo; basis.

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company issued an aggregate of 756
233 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise
of grants under the Company&rsquo;s Stock Incentive Plans. The Company received aggregate proceeds of $224
083 for 245
584 cash
exercises
 with the balance of the grants having been exercised on a &ldquo;cashless&rdquo; basis.

Issuance
of common stock pursuant to private placement

On
August 25
 2020 the Company issued 1
437
909 shares of its common stock and obtained approximately $22
000
000 of cash as part
of a private placement.

Issuance
of common stock pursuant to public placement

On
September 16
 2019
 the Company issued 7
986
110 shares of common stock
 in a public placement and obtained gross proceeds of
$28
749
996 and paid $1
585
000 in commissions &amp; fees and incurred in $209
559 of expenses related to the capital raise thereby
resulting in net-proceeds in the amount of $26
955
437.

Cash
paid for taxes on restricted stock awards

On
October 29
 2020
 the CEO and CFO elected to have a portion of their vested restricted stock awards withheld by the Company
 in
order to cover their personal income taxes. This election was permitted by the underlying restricted stock award agreements that
were provided to both the CEO and CFO. The total cash paid by the Company was $656
680
 corresponding to the applicable statutory
tax amounts required to be withheld. The payment was recorded as a reduction to stockholders&rsquo; equity
 in accordance with
ASC-505-30
. On the consolidated statements of cash flows
 the payment is presented as a cash outflow
from financing activities.


    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
    


The
Company&rsquo;s net tax provision was approximately $200
000 for the year ended December 31
 2020 and zero for the year ended
December 31 2019. The current year tax provision mainly relates to European taxes.

The
Company has evaluated the global intangible low-taxed income (&quot;GILTI&quot;) and the foreign derived intangible income provisions
and will treat any U.S. tax on foreign earnings under GILTI as a current period expense when incurred. The Company currently considers
the earnings of its foreign entities to be permanently reinvested outside the United States based on estimates that future domestic
cash generation will be sufficient to meet future domestic cash needs. Accordingly
 deferred income taxes have not been recorded
for the undistributed earnings of the Company's foreign subsidiaries.

The
domestic and foreign components of the Company's income before provision for income taxes are as follows:



    
    
    

    
8
110
620
9
789
538

    
529
406
181
722

    
8
640
026
9
971
260


Components
of the provision for income taxes are as follows:



    
    
    

    
2
717
564
2
897
092

    
562
924
600
112

    
382
543
50
155

    
3
663
031
3
547
359




    
    
    

    
471
198
    

    
97
605
    

    
141
577
    

    
710
380
    

    
    
    

    
(4
175
734
(3
547
359

    
    
    

    
197
677
    


A
reconciliation of the total provision for income taxes after applying the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% to income before
provision for income taxes to the reported provision for income taxes are as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    


 including stock-based compensation
    
    


 including effect of change in tax rates
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
INCOME
    TAXES  (CONTINUED)




    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
121
094
8
400
000

    
7
000
000
7
900
000

    
389
816
    

    
408
829
95
000

    
139
289
74
000

    
13
059
028
16
469
000

    
    
    

    
50
411
19
000

    
    
    

    
50
411
19
000

    
    
    

    
13
008
617
16
450
000

    
    
    


The
Company&rsquo;s valuation allowance decreased by $3.4 million in 2020 and increased by $1.2 million during 2019. Total net operating
loss carry forwards in the United States at December 31
 2020 were approximately $20.6 million
 of which approximately $19.4 million
will expire between 2029 and 2037 and $1.2 million may be carried forward indefinitely. China has corporate tax rate of 25% with
net operating loss carry forwards expiring after 4 years. The Company had $9.7 million of net operating loss carry forwards in
China as of December 31
 2020. Hong Kong has a corporate tax rate of 17% with net operating loss carry forwards that do not expire.
The Company had $3.5 million of net operating loss carry forwards in Hong Kong as of December 31
 2020. On October 25
 2019
 the
Company acquired wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries in Finland
 Sweden and Norway. The Finland subsidiary had net operating loss
carryforwards of $19.5 million as of December 31
 2020. There were no net operating loss carryforwards available in Norway or
Sweden. In 2020 our Sweden subsidiary incurred approximately $116
000 of income tax expense due to the inability to fully utilize
the NOLs generated from prior periods. The Finland tax rate is 20%. In the Netherlands
 timing differences related to interest
payments resulted in an uncertain tax position liability of $81
500. Deferred Tax Assets relating to foreign NOLs are being impacted
by currency fluctuations.



    
    


The
Company adopted an Incentive Stock Plan on January 18
 2007. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and
retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting
or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&rsquo;s common stock or to receive
monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. While the plan terminates 10 years after the adoption
date
 issued options have their own schedule of termination. During 2013
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase
the total available shares in the plan from 2.5 million to 3.5 million shares of common stock. During May 2014
 the majority of
the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from 3.5 million to 4.25 million shares of common
stock
 during February 2015
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from
4.25 million to 4.6 million shares of common stock and during April 2015
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase
the total available shares in the plan from 4.6 million to 5.1 million shares of common stock. Options to acquire shares of common
stock may be granted at no less than fair market value on the date of grant. Upon exercise
 shares of new common stock are issued
by the Company.


    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
    


The
Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan on April 30
 2015. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract
and retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting
or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&rsquo;s common stock or to receive
monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and
shares for up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% of the shares pertaining to
the 2015 plan that are outstanding as of the last day of the prior year. As of December 31
 2020
 approximately 2.0 million shares
are available.

Under
the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan
 the Company has issued options to purchase approximately 5.2 million shares at an average price
of $4.23 with a fair value of $239.6 million. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company issued options to purchase
620
535 and 1.20 million shares
 respectively. Upon exercise
 shares of new common stock are issued by the Company.

For
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company recognized an expense of approximately $6.3 million and $4.8 million
respectively
 of non-cash compensation expense (included in General and Administrative expense in the accompanying Consolidated
Statement of Operations) determined by application of a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following inputs: exercise
price
 dividend yields
 risk-free interest rate
 and expected annual volatility. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company had approximately
$7.2 million of unrecognized pre-tax non-cash compensation expense
 which the Company expects to recognize
 based on a weighted-average
period of 2.01 years. The Company used straight-line amortization of compensation expense over the two to three-year requisite
service or vesting period of the grant. The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. There are options to purchase approximately
2.39 million shares that have vested as of December 31
 2020.

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of its stock option awards and warrant issuances.
The calculation of the fair value of the awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the Company&rsquo;s
stock price on the date of grant as well as assumptions regarding the following:



    
    
Year
    ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
expected volatility was determined with reference to the historical volatility of the Company&rsquo;s stock. The Company uses
historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. The expected term of options
granted represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate for periods
within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant.



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
    


A
summary of the status of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding stock options as of December 31
 2020 and 2019 and changes during the
periods ending on that date is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2018
4
840
    
    
5
338
    

    
2
874
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
2
752
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
6
528
    
    
8
978
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(1
806
    
    
31
480
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2020
5
198
    
    
240
866
    

    
 2020
2
395
    
    
111
775
    


The
following table summarizes information about employee stock options outstanding at December 31
 2020:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
4
627
    
    
1
942
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
5
198
    
    
2
395
    
    


As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company had approximately $7
245
000 of unrecognized pre-tax non-cash compensation expense
 which the
Company expects to recognize
 based on a weighted-average period of 2.01 years.

Restricted
Stock Awards

Restricted
stock awards are awards of common stock that are subject to restrictions on transfer and to a risk of forfeiture if the holder
leaves the Company before the restrictions lapse. The holder of a restricted stock award is generally entitled at all times on
and after the date of issuance of the restricted shares to exercise the rights of a shareholder of the Company
 including the
right to vote the shares. The value of stock awards that vest over time is established by the market price on the date of its
grant and generally vests over a period of 3 years. A summary of the Company&rsquo;s restricted stock activity for the years ended
December 31
 2020 and 2019 is presented in the following table:



    
    

    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
90
000
    
66
667
    

    
175
737
    
116
666
    

    
(170
145
    
(93
333
    

    
(29
363
    
    
    

    
66
229
    
90
000
    


The
total fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019 was approximately $2
947
000 and $314
000
respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense related to outstanding restricted stock awards to employees and directors as of
December 31
 2020 was $237
801 and is expected to be expensed over the next 53 months.


    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019



    
    


In
November of 2020
 McGovern Capital
 Inc. and Kevin McGovern (collectively &ldquo;McGovern&rdquo;) filed a claim in arbitration
related to its Representative Agreement with Celsius Holdings
 Inc. as amended by the first amendment dated August 6
 2016. Pursuant
to the Representative Agreement
 McGovern is entitled to receive a fee of three percent (3%) of &ldquo;Net Revenues&rdquo; received
by the Company&rsquo;s from sales of the Company&rsquo;s Products in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China for a period of four
years from Initial Commercial Sale (which was September 1
 2017). &ldquo;Net Revenues&rdquo; are defined in the Representative
Agreement as &ldquo;the Company&rsquo;s revenues net of actual discounts applied
 credits and returns.&rdquo; Effective January
1
 2019
 the Company restructured its China operations from a distribution arrangement with Qifeng Food Technology (Beijing) Co.
Ltd. (&ldquo;Qifeng&rdquo;)
 to a license and royalty arrangement and a loan
 pursuant to which Qifeng will market and distribute
the Company&rsquo;s products in China
 and Celsius will receive an annual royalty payment. The Company intends to pay McGovern
its percentage of the annual royalty payment
 but McGovern has objected claiming that McGovern is entitled to be paid commissions
on the entire royalty payment and the amount of the loan to Qifeng. The Company intends to defend against McGovern&rsquo;s claims
vigorously and has filed a counterclaim related to McGovern&rsquo;s failure to comply with the covenant of good faith and fair
dealing in the Representative Agreement. This matter is still in its early stages and the Company is unable to predict the outcome
at this time.

In
addition to the foregoing
 from time to time
 we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to
be a part of the ordinary course of our business.

The
Company has entered into distribution agreements with liquidated damages in case the Company cancels the distribution agreements
without Cause. Cause has been defined in various ways. It is management&rsquo;s belief that no such agreement has created any
liability as of December 31
 2020.

Additionally
our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by the pandemic and public health crises related to the COVID-19
outbreak which is affecting the macro-economic environment. Please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for further details.



    
    


Between
January 1
 2021 and March 10
 2021
 the Company issued an aggregate of 322
525 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise
of stock options granted under the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Stock Incentive Plan.



    















     



Exhibit
23.1

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 of Celsius Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
of our report dated March 11
 2021 relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements which appear in the Company&rsquo;s
Annual Report Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31
 2020.



/s/
    
    

    
    

Margate
 Florida
    

March 11
 2021
    




    














     



Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
John Fieldly
 the President and Chief Executive Officer of Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;)
certify that:


I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2020 of the Registrant;



Based
on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;



Based
on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented
in this report;



I
as the Registrant&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:



Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;



Designed
such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;



Evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and



Disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and



I
as the Registrant&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the Registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):



All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and



Any
fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.




Date: March 11
 2021
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    John Fieldly

    
    
John Fieldly
 President and Chief Executive
    Officer

    
    
    




    














     



Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Edwin Negron-Carballo
 the Chief Financial Officer of Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;)
certify that:


I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2020 of the Registrant;



Based
on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;



Based
on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented
in this report;



I
as the Registrant&rsquo;s Chief Financial Officer
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:



Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;



Designed
such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;



Evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and



Disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and



I
as the Registrant&rsquo;s Chief Financial Officer
 have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the Registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):



All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and



Any
fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.




Date: March 11
 2021
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Edwin Negron-Carballo

    
    
Edwin Negron-Carballo
 Chief Financial Officer

    
    
    




    














     



Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
&rdquo;) on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31
 2020
&rdquo;)
I
 John Fieldly
 the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted
pursuant to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and



The
information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.




Date: March 11
 2021
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    John Fieldly

    
    
John Fieldly
 President and Chief Executive
    Officer

    
    
    




    














     



Exhibit
32.2

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31
 2020
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
I
 Edwin Negron-Carballo
 the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant
to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and



The
information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.




Date: March 11
 2021
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Edwin Negron-Carballo

    
    
Edwin Negron-Carballo
 Chief Financial Officer

    
    
    




    












begin 644 image_001.jpg

# P
!PD.#PT
#@L
# S_

# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#]_**** B






X].JH:P;G_@L7^S
MC;-C_A8AG_Z]O#^J7&?^^+8URLW_  7[_8WL$Q_POKP:0. (H[E__08C6==?



#ZDVF!7UU
M45S9PWJ;9HHY5]'4
/UH]X-#Y&3_ (+W_L?[PLOQU\)V3-T%[#=6O_HR%:Z#


ZFK_ '3::I!
&^FU

MT4M/X'^

M5^
5G; L4N+2&SGN!Z
72 YX[..O6N7UO_@N=^VO^RPQ?XS_ +&-]=:5:DQS

^
?@F^O'Q

AG2YA62-EDCD4
K*
M?6A(4444 %%%% 'F_P -O^3B/B9_USTG_P!$25Z17F_PV_Y.(^)G_7/2?_1$

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@



M=2




E



MMR\@2*#E7QD$ 9P:_HHTO48M8TRWNX#N@NHEFC)&
JP!'Z&OK.'^(*69TY..






MYO)M1N+6WCAENY5 DNG50#(P' +$$G''-13GSJZ*E&VA=HK@?VJO$-]X1_9?


@ ;1DXX[FGS+FY16TN?H%17YF

&]+F<QV<

M?^LW[27P_:P^

M5


M1L+B2TOK#1+RXMYT^]#(D#LK#/&00
M#7$?#+X*WWB#X:^'=7'Q ^(
6HWNEV]TSOJ:SQ^:\*DDQNA5AN;.WI6%3$25
M3V4(W=KEQIIQYI.Q[+17FO[.7Q/U?QG'XGT#Q&UO-XC\$ZJ=+O+JWB\J'4$

5Z56M&M&K!3C_71KY
















/[1GT:TCN;Z*$ G$

MA8G ^9L#).#C!_8/]A7_ (*L?L3?\$Y_#GV?X:_!GX@1:Q(FR[\0ZE;6MUK%

%[

.;&)?KQYE4Y?^^'P],['P9XQDCS\K
(5+?AN.*_5WQ9


^_**_/R;_@O7I;@^1\




^IZ


OQZMI=.TA[3P%I
ORLND[FO)5][AN5S_ + 7ZUY_
MX?\ @S_:%PL5O;2W
S2X;R_?O*MEYR?\ GH?-_AWX93:A
M
\]T99[B=_
EEE8N\K'JS

M _IRSP^XCS:G5@J

QXQP


&S:31;
M76)7BL+FX&L<SI\RHW()'(SFORH_PDW[#G[4G_!63X;:1X3\2?LR_!3X=




M^M?%+XRZY_;NMQZ2&^PZ9S(X@C8@%SOED).
*HM5N(6# RRN%^S2 ^
M</F0XQC(]JHVG_!.'XO?\$\O^C=O\0OV8].TB_^!OQ'D!\??#N74TTZVTR?

'QN_;=_9@T
M7X2_RTY=

MU;;_ !=\.Z#/X:^

M-]!7MH?B_P!O^!?QD_9L_X*P?+Q%X0U:'Q/\ LY_#/7Y-6T#4=65;SPG




\]\ ?#K4_





M%CXGUXZI9W

MO.DY@.2

M9[_X1#Q78VETEQ/J N[9B)8IHI[N:50?JCK]#]*]/HJYT(RFIRZ)KY.U_P B



R-CD9!'(KO**=6E&K!PGLPA-QES(\W'Q%^(DNFK
M&/AS#'J3/Y)D?7X#9)Q_K2P'FF//;R]_L.M:7P)^$\GPG\+7J7UXFI:YKVH3

M[+O^#7ZDQFXII=?^'/G?Q/\ LU^*= ^-7@Q?#:Z9/\.].\0'Q!+;S3F.YT*4
MQS++% N



R<K_-\OY6/5P=?+Z6M2
I



M5W^1&


M6_PQ0?\ +/\ 2OUN_P&+OA;G_D2])SZ_/S_ ./4#]B[X7#IX-TP?\D_P#B

M7Z\_\

M^0&^-








K9]F-7XZTOD[?E8R


 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The consolidated financial statements&#13;have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#8220;US GAAP&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Consolidation Policy&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8212;&#13;The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Celsius Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All material&#13;inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Significant Estimates&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8212;&#13;The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United&#13;States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,&#13;revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results&#13;could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts, allowance for inventory obsolescence,&#13;the useful lives and values of property, fixtures and equipment, impairment of intangible assets &amp;#38; goodwill, valuation of stock-based&#13;compensation, and deferred tax asset valuation allowance.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Reclassification of Prior Year&#13;Presentation &amp;#8211; &lt;/i&gt;Certain prior year amounts in the consolidated statements of cash flows have been reclassified for consistency&#13;with the current year presentation. An adjustment has been made to present certain changes in operating assets and liabilities&#13;related to the China Settlement as part of the total net changes in operating assets and liabilities, rather than as separately&#13;presented items. Additionally, modifications have been made to present the effects of depreciation &amp;#38; amortization, bad debt&#13;allowance and inventory excess and obsolescence allowance as adjustments to reconcile net income/(loss) to net cash flows from&#13;operating activities, rather than as part of changes in operating assets and liabilities. Lastly, right-of-use assets and lease&#13;liabilities related to finance leases have been separately presented from those related to operating leases in the consolidated&#13;balance sheets. These reclassifications had no effect on previously reported cash flows from operating, investing, or financing&#13;activities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Segment Reporting &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212; Operating&#13;segments are defined as components of an enterprise that engage in business activities, have discrete financial information, and&#13;whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker (CODM) to make decisions about allocating&#13;resources and to assess performance. Even though we have operations in several geographies, we operate as a single enterprise.&#13;Our operations and strategies are centrally designed and executed given that our geographical components are very similar. Our&#13;CODM, the CEO, reviews operating results primarily from a consolidated perspective, and makes decisions and allocates resources&#13;based on that review. The reason our CODM focuses on consolidated results in making decisions and allocating resources is because&#13;of the significant economic interdependencies between our geographical operations and the Company&amp;#8217;s U.S. entity.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentrations of Risk&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8212;&#13;Substantially all of the Company&amp;#8217;s revenue derives from the sale of Celsius &amp;#174; beverages.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company uses single supplier relationships&#13;for its raw materials purchases and filling capacity, which potentially subjects the Company to a concentration of business risk.&#13;If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to the Company, operations could be adversely affected.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Financial instruments that potentially&#13;subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The&#13;Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality financial institutions. At times, balances in the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31, 2020, the Company had approximately $43&#13;million in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended December 31, 2020&#13;and 2019, the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of revenue with its customers. Specifically, there&#13;is one customer that has accounted for approximately 15% and 12% of our revenue, for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.&#13;The below table reflects this customer&amp;#8217;s evolution as a percentage of our total revenue. &amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amazon&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;All other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;84.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;88.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;At December 31, 2020 and 2019, the&#13;Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its customers:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amazon&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;All other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;88.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;80.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8212; The&#13;Company considers all highly liquid instruments with maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.&#13;At December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company did not have any investments with maturities of three months or less.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8212;&#13;Accounts receivable are reported at net realizable value. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon&#13;factors pertaining to the credit risk of specific customers, historical trends, and other information. Delinquent accounts are&#13;written-off when it is determined that the amounts are uncollectible. At December 31, 2020 and 2019, there was an allowance for&#13;doubtful accounts of $549,573 and $292,400, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212; Inventories&#13;include only the purchase cost and are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined using the FIFO&#13;method. Inventories consist of raw materials and finished products. The Company establishes an inventory reserve to reduce the&#13;value of the inventory during the period in which such materials and products are no longer usable or marketable. Specifically,&#13;the Company reviews inventory utilization during the past twelve months and also customer orders for subsequent months. If there&#13;has been no utilization during the last 12 months and there are no orders in-place in future months which will require the use&#13;of inventory item, then inventory item will be included as part of the reserve during the period being evaluated. Management will&#13;then specifically evaluate whether these items may be utilized within a reasonable time frame (e.g., 3 to 6 months). At December&#13;31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the Company recorded an allowance of $1,613,000 and $865,000 respectively. The changes in the allowance&#13;are included in cost of revenue.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8212;&#13;Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation of property and equipment&#13;is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset generally ranging from three to seven&#13;years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&#13;&amp;#8212; In accordance with ASC Topics 350 &amp;#8220;Goodwill and Other Intangibles&amp;#8221; and 360, &amp;#8220;Property, Plant, and Equipment&amp;#8221;&#13;the Company reviews the carrying value of intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever&#13;events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived&#13;assets is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected&#13;to generate. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the&#13;carrying amount of the property, if any, exceeds its fair value. The Company did not record any impairment during the year ended&#13;December 31, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Long-lived Asset Geographic Data&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The following table sets forth long-lived&#13;asset information which includes property plant and equipment and lease right of use assets and excludes goodwill and intangibles,&#13;where individual countries represent a material portion of the total:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;694,697&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;127,302&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Sweden&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;431,959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;360,153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finland&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;450,878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;454,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Long-lived assets related to foreign operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;882,837&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;815,053&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total long-lived assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1,577,534&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;942,355&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Goodwill &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212; The Company&#13;records goodwill when the consideration paid for an acquisition exceeds the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired,&#13;including related tax effects. Goodwill is not amortized; instead, goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis, or more&#13;frequently if the Company believes indicators of impairment exist. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine&#13;whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the Company determines&#13;that the fair value is less than the carrying value, the Company will recognize an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting&#13;unit&amp;#8217;s carrying value over its fair value. At December 31, 2020, there were no indicators of impairment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8211; Intangible&#13;assets are comprised of customer relationships and brands acquired in a business combination. The Company amortizes intangible&#13;assets with a definitive life over their respective useful lives. Intangibles with indefinite lives are tested for impairment on&#13;an annual basis, or more frequently if the Company believes indicators of impairment exist.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8212;&#13;The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 606 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&amp;#8221; The Company&#13;recognizes revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Product sales occur&#13;once control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects&#13;to receive in exchange for transferring goods. The amount of consideration the Company receives and revenue the Company recognizes&#13;varies with changes in customer incentives the Company offers to its customers and their customers. Sales taxes and other similar&#13;taxes are excluded from revenue.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Customer Advances &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212; From&#13;time to time the Company requires deposits in advance of delivery of products and/or production runs. Such amounts are initially&#13;recorded as customer advances liability within other current liabilities. The Company recognizes such revenue as it is earned in&#13;accordance with revenue recognition policies. As of December 31, 2020, and 2019, the Company did not have any customer advances.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising Costs&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8212; Advertising&#13;costs are expensed as incurred. The Company uses mainly radio, local sampling events, sponsorships, endorsements, and digital advertising.&#13;The Company incurred marketing and advertising expenses of approximately $14.2 million and $7.9 million, during years ending December&#13;31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Research and Development&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8212;&#13;Research and development costs are charged to general and administrative expenses as incurred and consist primarily of consulting&#13;fees, raw material usage and test productions of beverages. The Company incurred expenses of $508,000 and $341,000 during years&#13;ending December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Foreign Currency Translation &amp;#8212;&lt;/i&gt;&#13;Foreign subsidiaries&amp;#8217; functional currency is the local currency of operations and the net assets of foreign operations are&#13;translated into U.S. dollars using current exchange rates. The U.S. dollar results that arise from such translation, as well as&#13;exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances of long-term investment nature, are included in Comprehensive Income. The Company&#13;incurred foreign currency translation net gains during the year ended December 31, 2020 of approximately $27,000 and net losses&#13;of approximately $60,600 during the year ended December 31, 2019. Our operations in different countries required that we transact&#13;in the following currencies:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 36pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 36pt; text-align: justify&gt;Chinese-Yuan&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 36pt; text-align: justify&gt;Norwegian-Krone&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 36pt; text-align: justify&gt;Swedish-Krona&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 36pt; text-align: justify&gt;Finland-Euro&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s results now include&#13;the operations of our European entities for the entire year ended December 31, 2020. During this period the currencies in these&#13;countries appreciated considerably when compared to the US Dollar giving way to significant currency gains which are reflected&#13;in our consolidated results.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&#13;&amp;#8212; The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates&#13;fair value due to their relative short-term maturity and market interest rates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/i&gt; - ASC&#13;820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction&#13;between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally, ASC 820 requires the use of valuation techniques that maximize&#13;the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are prioritized below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 1:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Observable inputs such as quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 2:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 3:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which require the use of the reporting entity&amp;#8217;s own assumptions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Other than these noted previously,&#13;the Company did not have any other assets or liabilities measured at fair value at December 31, 2020 and 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes &amp;#8212; &lt;/i&gt;The Company&#13;accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10, &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes,&amp;#8221; which requires,&#13;among other things, an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach require&#13;the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between&#13;the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided to offset any net deferred&#13;tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not be realized. The Company&#13;follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to, &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. &lt;/i&gt;When tax returns are&#13;filed, it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others&#13;are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained.&#13;In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10, the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period&#13;during which, based on all available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained&#13;upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;/i&gt;Tax&#13;positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition&#13;threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement&#13;with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured&#13;as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any&#13;associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax&#13;positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such, the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain&#13;tax benefits.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has adopted ASC 740-10-25&#13;&lt;i&gt;Definition of Settlement,&lt;/i&gt; which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively&#13;settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively&#13;settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered&#13;effectively settled, an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit, even if the tax position is not considered more&#13;likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s tax returns for&#13;tax years in 2018 through 2020 remain subject to potential examination by the taxing authorities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings per Share &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212;&#13;Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing net income available to stockholders by the weighted-average number of common&#13;shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number of common and&#13;dilutive common share equivalents outstanding during the period. Under ASC 260-10-45-16, the calculation of diluted earnings per&#13;share, the numerator should be adjusted to add back any convertible dividends and the after-tax amount of interest recognized in&#13;the period associated with any convertible debt. The denominator should include the number of additional common shares that would&#13;have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued. Please refer to the below table for additional details:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the years &lt;br /&gt;&#13;ended December 31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net income available to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8,523,849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9,971,260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Adjustments for diluted earnings:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest expense on convertible notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;348,493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amortization of discount on notes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;239,570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted net income (loss) available to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8,523,849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10,559,323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income (Loss) per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;70,195,085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;60,761,995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;74,443,601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;64,183,399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Share-Based Payments &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212;The&#13;Company follows the provisions of ASC Topic 718 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8212; Stock Compensation&amp;#8221; and related interpretations.&#13;As such, compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts,&#13;if any, are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the grants. On April 30, 2015, the Company adopted the 2015 Stock&#13;Incentive Plan. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and retain highly competent persons at all levels&#13;as employees of the Company, as well as independent contractors providing consulting or advisory services to the Company, by providing&#13;them opportunities to acquire the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock or to receive monetary payments based on the value of such shares&#13;pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and shares for up to 5,000,000 shares. In addition, there&#13;is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares included under the plan, with the shares to be added on the first day&#13;of each calendar year, beginning on January 1, 2017 (note 17). As of December 31, 2020, total shares available are 2.0 million.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cost of Sales &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212; Cost&#13;of sales consists of the cost of concentrates and or beverage bases, the costs of raw materials utilized in the manufacture of&#13;products, co-packing fees, repacking fees, in-bound &amp;#38; out-bound freight charges, as well as certain internal transfer costs,&#13;warehouse expenses incurred prior to the manufacture of the Company&amp;#8217;s finished products, inventory allowance for excess and&#13;obsolete products, and certain quality control costs. Raw materials account for the largest portion of the cost of sales. Raw materials&#13;include cans, bottles, other containers, flavors, ingredients and packaging materials.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Operating Expenses &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212;&#13;Operating expenses include selling expenses such as warehousing expenses after manufacture, as well as expenses for advertising,&#13;samplings and in-store demonstrations costs, costs for merchandise displays, point-of-sale materials and premium items, sponsorship&#13;expenses, other marketing expenses and design expenses. Operating expenses also include such costs as payroll costs, travel costs,&#13;professional service fees (including legal fees), depreciation and other general and administrative costs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212;&#13;Shipping and handling costs for freight expense on goods shipped are included in cost of sales. Freight expense on goods shipped&#13;for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 was $9.5 million and $6.3 million, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company adopts all applicable,&#13;new accounting pronouncements as of the specified effective dates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;In September 2016, the FASB issued&#13;ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments &amp;#8211; Credit Losses (Topic 326) (&amp;#8220;ASU 2016-13&amp;#8221;), which requires the immediate&#13;recognition of management&amp;#8217;s estimates of current and expected credit losses. In November 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-19,&#13;which makes certain improvements to Topic 326. In April and May 2019, the FASB issued ASUs 2019-04 and 2019-05, respectively, which&#13;adds codification improvements and transition relief for Topic 326. In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-10, which delays&#13;the effective date of Topic 326 for Smaller Reporting Companies to interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022,&#13;with early adoption permitted. In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-11, which makes improvements to certain areas of Topic&#13;326. In February 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-02, which adds an SEC paragraph, pursuant to the issuance of SEC Staff Accounting&#13;Bulletin No. 119, to Topic 326. Topic 326 is effective for the Company for fiscal years and interim reporting periods within those&#13;years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this guidance on&#13;our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted&#13;ASU No. 2017-04, &amp;#8220;Intangibles and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment&amp;#8221;, which eliminates&#13;the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill, but rather requires an entity to record an impairment charge based&#13;on the excess of a reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying value over its fair value. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect&#13;on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted&#13;ASU No. 2018-13, Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value&#13;Measurement. The amendments in this update modify the disclosure requirements on fair value measurements in Topic 820. Adoption&#13;of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;All new accounting pronouncements&#13;issued but not yet effective are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position&#13;with the exception of the updated previously disclosed above, there have been no new accounting pronouncements not yet effective&#13;that have significance to our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Liquidity &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212; These financial&#13;statements have been prepared assuming the Company will be able to continue as a going concern. At December 31, 2020, the Company&#13;had an accumulated deficit of $54,902,447 which includes a net income available to common stockholders of $8,523,849 for year ended&#13;December 31, 2020. During the year ending December 31, 2020 the Company&amp;#8217;s net cash provided by operating activities totaled&#13;approximately $3,395,084&lt;b&gt;. &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;REVENUE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes revenue when&#13;obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Product sales occur once control is transferred upon&#13;delivery to the customer. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring&#13;goods. The amount of consideration the Company receives and revenue the Company recognizes varies with changes in customer incentives&#13;the Company offers to its customers and their customers. Sales taxes and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Information about the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;net sales by reporting segment for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the years ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;North America&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;95,480,310&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;59,659,320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33,727,441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14,455,634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Asia&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,092,703&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;840,648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;425,323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;190,944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;130,725,777&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;75,146,546&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;All of the Company&amp;#8217;s North America&#13;revenue is derived from the United States, which is the Company&amp;#8217;s country of domicile. Of the Company&amp;#8217;s total foreign&#13;revenues of $35.2 million and $15.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, the only individual country&#13;that represents a material portion of total consolidated revenue was Sweden, which had total revenues of approximately $23.1 million&#13;and $8.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Revenues are attributed to countries based on the&#13;location of the customer.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; margin: 0; text-indent: 18pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;License Agreement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;In January 2019, the Company entered&#13;into a license and repayment of investment agreement with Qifeng Food Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd (&amp;#8220;Qifeng&amp;#8221;). Under&#13;the agreement, Qifeng was granted the exclusive license rights to manufacture, market and commercialize Celsius branded products&#13;in China. The term of the agreement is 50 years, with annual royalty fees due from Qifeng after the end of each calendar year.&#13;The royalty fees are based on a percentage of Qifeng&amp;#8217;s sales of Celsius branded products; however, the fees are fixed for&#13;the first five years of the agreement, totaling approximately $6.9 million, and then are subject to annual guaranteed minimums&#13;over the remaining term of the agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Under the agreement, the Company grants&#13;Qifeng exclusive license rights and provides ongoing support in product development, brand promotion and technical expertise. The&#13;ongoing support is integral to the exclusive license rights and, as such, both of these represent a combined, single performance&#13;obligation. The transaction price consists of the guaranteed minimums and the variable royalty fees, all of which are allocated&#13;to the single performance obligation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories consist of the following&#13;at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE RECEIVABLE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-indent: 36pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;Note receivable consists of&#13;the following at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note Receivable-current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,885,887&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,181,116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note Receivable-non-current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9,429,437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10,630,04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Note Receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11,315,324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11,811,156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Effective January 1, 2019, we restructured&#13;our China distribution efforts by entering into two separate agreements as it relates to the commercialization of our Celsius products&#13;(i.e., license agreement) and a repayment of investment agreement with Qifeng. Under the license agreement, Qifeng was granted&#13;the exclusive license rights to manufacture, market and commercialize Celsius&amp;#174; brand products in China. Qifeng will pay a&#13;minimum royalty fee of $6.9 million for the five years of the term of the agreement, transitioning to a volume-based royalty fee,&#13;thereafter. Under a separate economic agreement, Qifeng Food will repay the marketing investments made by Celsius into the China&#13;market through 2018, over the same five-year period. The repayment, which was formalized via a Note Receivable from Qifeng, will&#13;need to be serviced even if the licensing agreement is cancelled or terminated.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The initial outstanding principal&#13;under the Note was approximately $12.2 million which is denominated in Chinese Renminbi (CNY) and was recorded as Other Income&#13;on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2019. The amount recognized considered the net of&#13;the balances of the accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, as well as the marketing investments that were&#13;performed in the China market.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Scheduled principal payments plus&#13;accrued interest are due annually on March 31 of each year starting in 2020. The Note is recorded at amortized cost basis and accrues&#13;interest at a rate per annum equal to the weighted average of 5% of the outstanding principal up to $5 million and 2% of the outstanding&#13;principal above $5 million. On September 12, 2020, it was agreed to fix the interest rate at 3.21% which reflected the weighted&#13;average interest rate for the 5-year period of the Note. For the year ended December 31, 2020, interest income was approximately&#13;$356,000.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company assesses the Note for&#13;impairment periodically by evaluating whether it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all the contractual interest&#13;and principal payments as scheduled in the Note agreement, based on historical experience about Qifeng&amp;#8217;s ability to pay,&#13;the current economic environment and other factors. If the Note is determined to be impaired, the impairment is measured based&#13;on the present value of the expected future cash flows under the Note, discounted at the Note&amp;#8217;s effective interest rate.&#13;At December 31, 2020, the Note was not deemed to be impaired.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The first installment of the note&#13;and interest of RMB 10,848,193 as well as royalties in the amount of RMB 2,404,900 were due on March 31, 2020. We were requested&#13;to provide a 3-month consideration to delay payment until June 30, 2020, due to the impact of the health crisis in China. As of&#13;June 30, 2020, we received payment of the RMB 10,848,193. An additional extension of 3-months was requested regarding the payment&#13;of the RMB 2,404,900 pertaining to the royalties. As of September 30, 2020, we received payment in full of the royalties that were&#13;due. Both the Note and related payments are subject to foreign currency fluctuations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;In order to grant the aforementioned&#13;considerations, a guarantee was obtained for the full amount of the royalties that were payable as of September 30, 2020, as well&#13;as the amounts that become due on March 31, 2021 pertaining to the Note, related interest and royalties. As collateral, we have&#13;maintained a stock certificate in Celsius Holdings, Inc., which amounted to 337,079 shares.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;LEASES &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s leasing activities&#13;include an operating lease of its corporate office space from a related party (see Note 14) and several other operating and finance&#13;leases of vehicles and office space for the Company&amp;#8217;s European operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;At the inception of a contract, the&#13;Company assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. The Company&amp;#8217;s assessment is based on: (1) whether the contract&#13;involves the use of a distinct identified asset, (2) whether the Company obtains the right to substantially all the economic benefit&#13;from the use of the asset throughout the term, and (3) whether the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Company&#13;allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease and non-lease component based on the component&amp;#8217;s relative stand-alone&#13;price to determine the lease payments. Lease and non-lease components are accounted for separately.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 36pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Leases are classified as either finance&#13;leases or operating leases based on criteria in ASC Topic 842, &amp;#8220;Leases&amp;#8221;. The Company&amp;#8217;s operating leases are generally&#13;comprised of real estate and vehicles, and the Company&amp;#8217;s finance leases are generally comprised of vehicles.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;At lease commencement, the Company&#13;records a lease liability equal to the present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted using the rate implicit in the&#13;lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Company&amp;#8217;s incremental borrowing rate. A corresponding right-of-use&#13;asset (&amp;#8220;ROU asset&amp;#8221;) is recorded, measured based on the initial measurement of the lease liability. ROU assets also&#13;include any lease payments made and exclude lease incentives. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease&#13;when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Lease expense for operating leases,&#13;consisting of lease payments, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Included in lease expense are any variable&#13;lease payments incurred in the period that were not included in the initial lease liability. Lease expense for finance leases&#13;consists of the amortization of the ROU asset on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the useful life of the asset or the&#13;lease term, and interest expense is calculated using the effective interest rate method.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of lease&#13;cost recognized in the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated statements of operations:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Finance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Finance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Lease cost in general and administrative expenses:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 52%; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;384,503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;188,977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amortization of finance lease ROU assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;328,505&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;97,478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total lease cost in general and administrative expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;384,503&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;328,505&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;188,977&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;97,478&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Lease cost in other expense:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest on finance lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16,004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,288&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total lease cost in other expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;16,004&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2,288&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total lease cost&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;384,503&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;344,509&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;188,977&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;99,766&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the&#13;impact of the Company&amp;#8217;s leases on the consolidated statements of cash flows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Years ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leasing activity in cash flows from operating activities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Payments under operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(389,831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(182,917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest payments on finance lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(16,004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2,288&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total leasing activity in cash flows from operating activities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(405,835&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(185,205&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Leasing activity in cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Principal payments on finance lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(280,208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(26,486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total leasing activity in cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(280,208&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(26,486&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The weighted-average remaining lease&#13;terms and weighted-average discount rates for operating and finance leases at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average remaining lease term (years) - operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average remaining lease term (years) - finance leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average discount rate - operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted average discount rate - finance leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;The future annual minimum lease payments required under&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s leases as of December 31, 2020 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;Property and equipment consist of the following at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Furniture and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,103,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;529,550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(523,924&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(396,661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 18pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;579,377&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;132,889&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Goodwill consists of approximately&#13;$10,419,321 resulting from the excess of the consideration paid and the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired&#13;from the Func Food Acquisition (see note 10). As detailed in note 10, goodwill increased by $395,000 in 2020. There was no other&#13;activity related to goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Intangible assets consist of acquired&#13;customer relationships and brands from the Func Food Acquisition. The gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization of intangible&#13;assets were as follows as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible assets subject to amortization&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer relationships gross carrying amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14,050,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14,050,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(582,917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13,467,083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14,050,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible assets not subject to amortization&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Brands total carrying amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,123,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,123,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Intangibles&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;16,590,083&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;17,173,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Customer relationships are amortized&#13;over an estimated useful life of 25 years and brands have an indefinite life. Amortization expense for the year ended December&#13;31, 2020 was $582,917. There was no amortization expense related to intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Other fluctuations in the amounts&#13;of intangible assets are due to currency translation adjustments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The following is the future estimated&#13;amortization expense related to customer relationships as of December 31, 2020:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;ACQUISITION-EUROPEAN OPERATIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company acquired 100% of Func&#13;Food Group, Oyj (&amp;#8220;Func Food) on October 25, 2019 (&amp;#8220;the Acquisition&amp;#8221;). The Acquisition was structured as a purchase&#13;of all of Func Food&amp;#8217;s equity shares and a restructuring of Func Food&amp;#8217;s pre-existing debt. Total consideration was $27,060,701,&#13;which consisted of approximately $14,188,000 in cash, $8,357,000 of newly issued bonds (see note 13) and $4,516,000 related to&#13;the settlement of a pre-existing debt. In addition to the aforementioned bond issuance, the Company financed the acquisition by&#13;issuing new common shares.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Func Food is a marketer and distributor&#13;of nutritional supplements, health food products and beverages, that support sport activities and healthy living and lifestyles&#13;in Finland, Sweden, and Norway. Func Food has been the Nordic distributor of Celsius products since 2015 and, as a result of the&#13;acquisition, the Company expects to further increase its Nordic market share by leveraging collaborations, revamping its marketing&#13;strategy and focusing on core products. It also expects to reduce costs through economies of scale.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recorded the acquisition&#13;in accordance with ASC Topic 805, pertaining to business combinations. The following table summarizes the consideration paid for&#13;Func Food and the amounts of the assets acquired at fair market value and liabilities assumed recognized at the Acquisition date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Acquisition consideration&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 89%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14,188,056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Bonds payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8,356,958&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Settlement of pre-existing debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,515,687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total consideration transferred&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;27,060,701&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Assets acquired and liabilities assumed&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,300,468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,161,067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;331,774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right of use asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;806,572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other long-term assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;101,413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets-Customer relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14,050,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets-Brands&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,123,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,489,080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Lease liability Obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(817,041&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(927,088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total identifiable net assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;16,641,701&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;10,419,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31,&#13;2020, goodwill increased by approximately $395,000 due to an additional liability that the Company assumed from the Func Food Acquisition.&#13;The additional liability consisted of charges related to an uncertain fiscal position reflected in a 2016 filing. This increase&#13;in liabilities and goodwill was recorded as a measurement period adjustment to the net assets acquired from the Func Food Acquisition.&#13;The additional liability is reflected in other current liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The amounts of revenue and earnings&#13;of Func Food included in the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019&#13;are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of the following&#13;at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;OTHER LIABILITIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;Other current liabilities consist of the following at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;BONDS PAYABLE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;Bonds payable consists of the following as of:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 36pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Bonds were originally issued by Func Food Group,&#13;        Oyj and were reinstated as part of the purchase consideration to acquire the European Operations (see note 10). On October 30,&#13;        2020, the Company fully repaid the Bonds in cash, in accordance with their original terms. The total amount paid was approximately&#13;        $9.9 million, consisting of $9.6 million of principal and $0.3 million of accrued interest.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Original terms of the bonds are as follows:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#8217; EQUITY &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Issuance of common stock pursuant to incentive stock&#13;plan exercises&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31,&#13;2020, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,883,609 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise of grants under the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;Stock Incentive Plans. The Company received aggregate proceeds of $4,126,791 for 1,316,050 cash exercises, with the balance of&#13;the grants having been exercised on a &amp;#8220;cashless&amp;#8221; basis.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31,&#13;2019, the Company issued an aggregate of 756,233 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise of grants under the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;Stock Incentive Plans. The Company received aggregate proceeds of $224,083 for 245,584 cash exercises, with the balance of the&#13;grants having been exercised on a &amp;#8220;cashless&amp;#8221; basis.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Issuance of common stock pursuant&#13;to private placement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;On August 25, 2020 the Company issued&#13;1,437,909 shares of its common stock and obtained approximately $22,000,000 of cash as part of a private placement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Issuance of common stock pursuant&#13;to public placement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;On September 16, 2019, the Company&#13;issued 7,986,110 shares of common stock, in a public placement and obtained gross proceeds of $28,749,996 and paid $1,585,000 in&#13;commissions &amp;#38; fees and incurred in $209,559 of expenses related to the capital raise thereby resulting in net-proceeds in the&#13;amount of $26,955,437.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash paid for taxes on restricted&#13;stock awards&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s net tax provision&#13;was approximately $200,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020 and zero for the year ended December 31 2019. The current year&#13;tax provision mainly relates to European taxes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has evaluated the global&#13;intangible low-taxed income (&amp;#34;GILTI&amp;#34;) and the foreign derived intangible income provisions and will treat any U.S. tax&#13;on foreign earnings under GILTI as a current period expense when incurred. The Company currently considers the earnings of its&#13;foreign entities to be permanently reinvested outside the United States based on estimates that future domestic cash generation&#13;will be sufficient to meet future domestic cash needs. Accordingly, deferred income taxes have not been recorded for the undistributed&#13;earnings of the Company's foreign subsidiaries.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The domestic and foreign components&#13;of the Company's income before provision for income taxes are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Domestic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8,110,620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9,789,538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;529,406&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;181,722&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income before provision for income taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;8,640,026&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;9,971,260&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Components of the provision for income&#13;taxes are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Current:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%; padding-left: 7.2pt; text-indent: -7.2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Domestic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,717,564&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,897,092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.2pt; text-indent: -7.2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;562,924&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;600,112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 7.2pt; text-indent: -7.2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;382,543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50,155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 7.2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;3,663,031&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;3,547,359&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Domestic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;471,198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;97,605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;141,577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;710,380&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation Allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4,175,734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3,547,359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Tax Expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;197,677&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;A reconciliation of the total provision&#13;for income taxes after applying the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% to income before provision for income taxes to the reported&#13;provision for income taxes are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%; padding-left: 7.2pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -7.2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;U.S. Statutory federal rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.2pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -7.2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income tax rate, net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.2pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -7.2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Permanent differences, including stock-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.2pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -7.2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance, including effect of change in tax rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(29.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(34.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 7.2pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -7.2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Difference in foreign tax rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 7.2pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -7.2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,121,094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8,400,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7,000,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7,900,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;389,816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;408,829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;95,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;139,289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;74,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13,059,028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16,469,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Liabilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50,411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50,411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation Allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13,008,617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16,450,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net Deferred Tax Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;17.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company adopted an Incentive Stock&#13;Plan on January 18, 2007. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and retain highly competent persons at&#13;all levels as employees of the Company, as well as independent contractors providing consulting or advisory services to the Company,&#13;by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock or to receive monetary payments based on the value&#13;of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. While the plan terminates 10 years after the adoption date, issued options have their&#13;own schedule of termination. During 2013, the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the&#13;plan from 2.5 million to 3.5 million shares of common stock. During May 2014, the majority of the shareholders approved to increase&#13;the total available shares in the plan from 3.5 million to 4.25 million shares of common stock, during February 2015, the majority&#13;of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from 4.25 million to 4.6 million shares of common&#13;stock and during April 2015, the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from&#13;4.6 million to 5.1 million shares of common stock. Options to acquire shares of common stock may be granted at no less than fair&#13;market value on the date of grant. Upon exercise, shares of new common stock are issued by the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company adopted the 2015 Stock&#13;Incentive Plan on April 30, 2015. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and retain highly competent persons&#13;at all levels as employees of the Company, as well as independent contractors providing consulting or advisory services to the&#13;Company, by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock or to receive monetary payments based on the&#13;value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and shares for up to 5,000,000 shares.&#13;In addition, there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% of the shares pertaining to the 2015 plan that are outstanding&#13;as of the last day of the prior year. As of December 31, 2020, approximately 2.0 million shares are available.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Under the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan,&#13;the Company has issued options to purchase approximately 5.2 million shares at an average price of $4.23 with a fair value of $239.6&#13;million. For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company issued options to purchase 620,535 and 1.20 million shares,&#13;respectively. Upon exercise, shares of new common stock are issued by the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended December 31, 2020&#13;and 2019, the Company recognized an expense of approximately $6.3 million and $4.8 million, respectively, of non-cash compensation&#13;expense (included in General and Administrative expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations) determined by&#13;application of a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following inputs: exercise price, dividend yields, risk-free interest&#13;rate, and expected annual volatility. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had approximately $7.2 million of unrecognized pre-tax&#13;non-cash compensation expense, which the Company expects to recognize, based on a weighted-average period of 2.01 years. The Company&#13;used straight-line amortization of compensation expense over the two to three-year requisite service or vesting period of the grant.&#13;The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. There are options to purchase approximately 2.39 million shares that have vested&#13;as of December 31, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company uses the Black-Scholes&#13;option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of its stock option awards and warrant issuances. The calculation of the fair value&#13;of the awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the Company&amp;#8217;s stock price on the date of grant&#13;as well as assumptions regarding the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;69.18-81.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58.62-121.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.84-5.00 Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.02-5.00 Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.23%-1.39%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.58%-2.72%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeiture Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The expected volatility was determined&#13;with reference to the historical volatility of the Company&amp;#8217;s stock. The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise&#13;and employee termination within the valuation model. The expected term of options granted represents the period of time that options&#13;granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based&#13;on the U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;A summary of the status of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;outstanding stock options as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 and changes during the periods ending on that date is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Grant Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Remaining&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(000&amp;#8217;s)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(000&amp;#8217;s)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Term (Yrs)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 40%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;At December 31, 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeiture and cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;At December 31, 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6,528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8,978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;20.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;31,480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeiture and cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;At December 31, 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;240,866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercisable at December 31, 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;111,775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;The following table summarizes information about employee&#13;stock options outstanding at December 31, 2020:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Vested Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Averaged&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Averaged&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Averaged&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Averaged&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Remaining&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Remaining&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range of Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020 (000&amp;#8217;s)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&amp;#160;(000&amp;#8217;s)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 28%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$0.20 - $0.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$0.65 - $1.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$1.83 - $2.84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$3.20 - $6.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$7.20-$22.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2020, the Company&#13;had approximately $7,245,000 of unrecognized pre-tax non-cash compensation expense, which the Company expects to recognize, based&#13;on a weighted-average period of 2.01 years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Restricted Stock Awards&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Restricted stock awards are awards&#13;of common stock that are subject to restrictions on transfer and to a risk of forfeiture if the holder leaves the Company before&#13;the restrictions lapse. The holder of a restricted stock award is generally entitled at all times on and after the date of issuance&#13;of the restricted shares to exercise the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including the right to vote the shares. The value&#13;of stock awards that vest over time is established by the market price on the date of its grant and generally vests over a period&#13;of 3 years. A summary of the Company&amp;#8217;s restricted stock activity for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 is presented&#13;in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the twelve&amp;#160;months ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Grant&amp;#160;Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Grant&amp;#160;Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 52%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unvested at beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;90,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;66,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;175,737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;116,666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(170,145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(93,333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(29,363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 18pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unvested at end of period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;66,229&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;28.11&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;90,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.34&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;18.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;In November of 2020, McGovern Capital,&#13;Inc. and Kevin McGovern (collectively &amp;#8220;McGovern&amp;#8221;) filed a claim in arbitration related to its Representative Agreement&#13;with Celsius Holdings, Inc. as amended by the first amendment dated August 6, 2016. Pursuant to the Representative Agreement, McGovern&#13;is entitled to receive a fee of three percent (3%) of &amp;#8220;Net Revenues&amp;#8221; received by the Company&amp;#8217;s from sales of&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s Products in the People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China for a period of four years from Initial Commercial Sale (which&#13;was September 1, 2017). &amp;#8220;Net Revenues&amp;#8221; are defined in the Representative Agreement as &amp;#8220;the Company&amp;#8217;s revenues&#13;net of actual discounts applied, credits and returns.&amp;#8221; Effective January 1, 2019, the Company restructured its China operations&#13;from a distribution arrangement with Qifeng Food Technology (Beijing) Co. Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Qifeng&amp;#8221;), to a license and royalty&#13;arrangement and a loan, pursuant to which Qifeng will market and distribute the Company&amp;#8217;s products in China, and Celsius&#13;will receive an annual royalty payment. The Company intends to pay McGovern its percentage of the annual royalty payment, but McGovern&#13;has objected claiming that McGovern is entitled to be paid commissions on the entire royalty payment and the amount of the loan&#13;to Qifeng. The Company intends to defend against McGovern&amp;#8217;s claims vigorously and has filed a counterclaim related to McGovern&amp;#8217;s&#13;failure to comply with the covenant of good faith and fair dealing in the Representative Agreement. This matter is still in its&#13;early stages and the Company is unable to predict the outcome at this time.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;In addition to the foregoing, from&#13;time to time, we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course&#13;of our business.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has entered into distribution&#13;agreements with liquidated damages in case the Company cancels the distribution agreements without Cause. Cause has been defined&#13;in various ways. It is management&amp;#8217;s belief that no such agreement has created any liability as of December 31, 2020.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;19.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentrations of Risk&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8212;&#13;Substantially all of the Company&amp;#8217;s revenue derives from the sale of Celsius &amp;#174; beverages.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company uses single supplier relationships&#13;for its raw materials purchases and filling capacity, which potentially subjects the Company to a concentration of business risk.&#13;If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to the Company, operations could be adversely affected.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Financial instruments that potentially&#13;subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The&#13;Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality financial institutions. At times, balances in the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31, 2020, the Company had approximately $43&#13;million in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;For the years ended December 31, 2020&#13;and 2019, the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of revenue with its customers. Specifically, there&#13;is one customer that has accounted for approximately 15% and 12% of our revenue, for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.&#13;The below table reflects this customer&amp;#8217;s evolution as a percentage of our total revenue. &amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amazon&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;All other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;84.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;88.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;At December 31, 2020 and 2019, the&#13;Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its customers:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Long-lived Asset Geographic Data&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The following table sets forth long-lived&#13;asset information which includes property plant and equipment and lease right of use assets and excludes goodwill and intangibles,&#13;where individual countries represent a material portion of the total:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Foreign Currency Translation &amp;#8212;&lt;/i&gt;&#13;Foreign subsidiaries&amp;#8217; functional currency is the local currency of operations and the net assets of foreign operations are&#13;translated into U.S. dollars using current exchange rates. The U.S. dollar results that arise from such translation, as well as&#13;exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances of long-term investment nature, are included in Comprehensive Income. The Company&#13;incurred foreign currency translation net gains during the year ended December 31, 2020 of approximately $27,000 and net losses&#13;of approximately $60,600 during the year ended December 31, 2019. Our operations in different countries required that we transact&#13;in the following currencies:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 36pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 36pt; text-align: justify&gt;Chinese-Yuan&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 36pt; text-align: justify&gt;Norwegian-Krone&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 36pt; text-align: justify&gt;Swedish-Krona&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 36pt; text-align: justify&gt;Finland-Euro&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/i&gt; - ASC&#13;820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction&#13;between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally, ASC 820 requires the use of valuation techniques that maximize&#13;the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are prioritized below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 1:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Observable inputs such as quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 2:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 3:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which require the use of the reporting entity&amp;#8217;s own assumptions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes &amp;#8212; &lt;/i&gt;The Company&#13;accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10, &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes,&amp;#8221; which requires,&#13;among other things, an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach require&#13;the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between&#13;the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided to offset any net deferred&#13;tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not be realized. The Company&#13;follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to, &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. &lt;/i&gt;When tax returns are&#13;filed, it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others&#13;are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained.&#13;In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10, the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the&#13;period during which, based on all available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be&#13;sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Tax positions taken are not&#13;offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured&#13;as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable&#13;taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described&#13;above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated&#13;interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions&#13;are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such, the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has adopted ASC 740-10-25&#13;&lt;i&gt;Definition of Settlement,&lt;/i&gt; which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively&#13;settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively&#13;settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered&#13;effectively settled, an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit, even if the tax position is not considered more&#13;likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings per Share &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212;&#13;Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing net income available to stockholders by the weighted-average number of common&#13;shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number of common and&#13;dilutive common share equivalents outstanding during the period. Under ASC 260-10-45-16, the calculation of diluted earnings per&#13;share, the numerator should be adjusted to add back any convertible dividends and the after-tax amount of interest recognized in&#13;the period associated with any convertible debt. The denominator should include the number of additional common shares that would&#13;have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued. Please refer to the below table for additional details:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company adopts all applicable,&#13;new accounting pronouncements as of the specified effective dates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;In September 2016, the FASB issued&#13;ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments &amp;#8211; Credit Losses (Topic 326) (&amp;#8220;ASU 2016-13&amp;#8221;), which requires the immediate&#13;recognition of management&amp;#8217;s estimates of current and expected credit losses. In November 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-19,&#13;which makes certain improvements to Topic 326. In April and May 2019, the FASB issued ASUs 2019-04 and 2019-05, respectively, which&#13;adds codification improvements and transition relief for Topic 326. In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-10, which delays&#13;the effective date of Topic 326 for Smaller Reporting Companies to interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022,&#13;with early adoption permitted. In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-11, which makes improvements to certain areas of Topic&#13;326. In February 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-02, which adds an SEC paragraph, pursuant to the issuance of SEC Staff Accounting&#13;Bulletin No. 119, to Topic 326. Topic 326 is effective for the Company for fiscal years and interim reporting periods within those&#13;years beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this guidance on&#13;our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted&#13;ASU No. 2017-04, &amp;#8220;Intangibles and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment&amp;#8221;, which eliminates&#13;the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill, but rather requires an entity to record an impairment charge based&#13;on the excess of a reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying value over its fair value. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect&#13;on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted&#13;ASU No. 2018-13, Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value&#13;Measurement. The amendments in this update modify the disclosure requirements on fair value measurements in Topic 820. Adoption&#13;of this ASU did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Liquidity &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212; These financial&#13;statements have been prepared assuming the Company will be able to continue as a going concern. At December 31, 2020, the Company&#13;had an accumulated deficit of $54,902,447 which includes a net income available to common stockholders of $8,523,849 for year ended&#13;December 31, 2020. During the year ending December 31, 2020 the Company&amp;#8217;s net cash provided by operating activities totaled&#13;approximately $3,395,084&lt;b&gt;. &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The below table reflects this customer&amp;#8217;s&#13;evolution as a percentage of our total revenue. &amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amazon&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;All other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;84.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;88.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;At December 31, 2020 and 2019, the&#13;Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its customers:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The following table sets forth long-lived&#13;asset information which includes property plant and equipment and lease right of use assets and excludes goodwill and intangibles,&#13;where individual countries represent a material portion of the total:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The denominator should include the&#13;number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued. Please&#13;refer to the below table for additional details:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Information about the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;net sales by reporting segment for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories consist of the following&#13;at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Note receivable consists of the following&#13;at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of lease&#13;cost recognized in the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated statements of operations:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of the&#13;impact of the Company&amp;#8217;s leases on the consolidated statements of cash flows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The weighted-average remaining lease&#13;terms and weighted-average discount rates for operating and finance leases at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;The future annual minimum lease payments required under&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s leases as of December 31, 2020 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;Property and equipment consist of the following at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The gross carrying amount and accumulated&#13;amortization of intangible assets were as follows as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The following is the future estimated&#13;amortization expense related to customer relationships as of December 31, 2020:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The following table summarizes the&#13;consideration paid for Func Food and the amounts of the assets acquired at fair market value and liabilities assumed recognized&#13;at the Acquisition date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The amounts of revenue and earnings&#13;of Func Food included in the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019&#13;are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of the following&#13;at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;Other current liabilities consist of the following at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;Bonds payable consists of the following as of:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 36pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Bonds were originally issued by Func Food Group,&#13;        Oyj and were reinstated as part of the purchase consideration to acquire the European Operations (see note 10). On October 30,&#13;        2020, the Company fully repaid the Bonds in cash, in accordance with their original terms. The total amount paid was approximately&#13;        $9.9 million, consisting of $9.6 million of principal and $0.3 million of accrued interest.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Original terms of the bonds are as follows:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The domestic and foreign components&#13;of the Company's income before provision for income taxes are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;Components of the provision for income&#13;taxes are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Current:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 78%; padding-left: 7.2pt; text-indent: -7.2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Domestic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,717,564&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,897,092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 7.2pt; text-indent: -7.2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;562,924&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;600,112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 7.2pt; text-indent: -7.2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;382,543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50,155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 7.2pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;3,663,031&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;3,547,359&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;A reconciliation of the total provision&#13;for income taxes after applying the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% to income before provision for income taxes to the reported&#13;provision for income taxes are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;The calculation of the fair value&#13;of the awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the Company&amp;#8217;s stock price on the date of grant&#13;as well as assumptions regarding the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;A summary of the status of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;outstanding stock options as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 and changes during the periods ending on that date is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Grant Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt&gt;The following table summarizes information about employee&#13;stock options outstanding at December 31, 2020:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;A summary of the Company&amp;#8217;s restricted&#13;stock activity for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 is presented in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Business &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212;Celsius Holdings,&#13;Inc. (the &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;Company&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;Celsius Holdings&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221;) was incorporated under the laws of the State of&#13;Nevada on April 26, 2005. On January 24, 2007, the Company entered into a merger agreement and plan of reorganization with Elite&#13;FX, Inc., a Florida corporation. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Elite FX, Inc. was merged into the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiary,&#13;Celsius, Inc. and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company on January 26, 2007. In addition, on March 28, 2007 the Company&#13;established Celsius Netshipments, Inc. a Florida corporation as a subsidiary of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;On February 7, 2018, the Company established&#13;Celsius Asia Holdings Limited a Hong Kong corporation as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. On February 7, 2018 Celsius&#13;China Holdings Limited a Hong Kong corporation became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celsius Asia Holdings Limited and on May 9,&#13;2018, Celsius Asia Holdings Limited established Celsius (Beijing) Beverage Limited, a China corporation as a wholly-owned subsidiary&#13;of Celsius Asia Holdings Limited.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;On October 25, 2019, the Company acquired&#13;100% of Func Food Group, Oyj (&amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;Func Food&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221;). The Acquisition was structured as a purchase of all of Func Food&amp;#8217;s&#13;equity shares and a restructuring of Func Food&amp;#8217;s pre-existing debt. Func Food was the Nordic distributor for the Company&#13;since 2015. Func Food is a marketer and distributor of nutritional supplements, health food products, and beverages (see note 10).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 18pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_celh_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositsAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndDividendIncomeOperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseSubordinatedNotesAndDebentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_InterestOnOtherObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AmortizationOfDiscountOnNotesPayables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AmortizationOfDiscountOnBondsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_OtherMiscellaneousExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnTerminationOfLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_GainOnInvestmentRepaymentchinaNoteReceivableNote6'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IssuanceOfCommonStockPursuantToExerciseOfStockOptionsCashless'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IssuanceOfCommonStockPursuantToExerciseOfStockOptionsCashlessInShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IssuanceOfCommonStockPursuantToExerciseOfStockOptionsCashInShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IssuanceOfCommonStocknotesPayableConversion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IssuanceOfCommonStocknotesPayableConversionInShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IssuanceOfCommonStockFromPrivatePlacement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IssuanceOfCommonStockFromPrivatePlacementShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IssuanceOfCommonStockPursuantToExerciseOfStockOptionsCashless'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IssuanceOfCommonStockPursuantToExerciseOfStockOptionsCashlessInShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IssuanceOfCommonStockPursuantToExerciseOfStockOptionsCashInShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_CashPaidForTaxesOnRestrictedStockAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ShortSwingPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentForAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_InventoryAllowanceForExcessAndObsoleteProducts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnTerminationOfLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredRevenueAndOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ChangeInRightToUseAndLeaseObligationnet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_PaymentToEscrowForAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ProceedsFromNotesPayablerelatedpartyNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_PaymentsOnBondsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForOtherTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_NetProceedsFromCollectionOfSectionShortSwingProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionPayablesAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionNetNonmonetaryAssetsAcquiredLiabilitiesAssumedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionFixedAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionOtherLiabilitiesAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_RevenueTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_NoteReceivableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_NoteReceivableTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AcquisitioneuropeanOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AcquisitioneuropeanOperationsTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BondsPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BondsPayableTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LonglivedAssetGeographicDataPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_CustomerAdvancePoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_OperatingExpensesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubstantialDoubtAboutGoingConcernTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SchedulesOfConcentrationOfRiskByRiskFactorTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_NoteReceivableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ScheduleOfNoteReceivableTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ScheduleOfOperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ScheduleOfWeightesdAverageRemainingLeaseTermAndWeightedAverageDiscountRateTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AcquisitioneuropeanOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AssetsAcquiredAtFairMarketValueAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ProformaConsolidatedResultsOfOperations'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ScheduleOfOtherCurrentLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BondsPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ScheduleOfBondsPayableTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockOptionsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 7pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_TotalLonglivedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LonglivedAssetsRelatedToForeignOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=celh_UnitedStatesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_TotalLonglivedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_SE'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LonglivedAssetsRelatedToForeignOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_FI'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LonglivedAssetsRelatedToForeignOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_InterestExpenseOnConvertibleNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AmortizationOfDiscountOnNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashUninsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IncomeTaxExpensesBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_FreightExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=srt_NorthAmericaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=srt_EuropeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=srt_AsiaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=celh_OtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=celh_ForeignRevenuesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=celh_ForeignRevenuesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=celh_LicenseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_RoyaltyFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerAdvancesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_NoteReceivableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_NoteReceivableDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeOperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ReceivablesInstallmentDueDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_InstalmentCollateralShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=celh_InvestmentAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_PaymentForRoyaltyFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeaseArrangementAxis=celh_OperatingLeasesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeaseCostInGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeaseCostInGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesTotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeaseCostInOtherExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_InterestOnFinanceLeaseLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeaseCostInOtherExpenseTotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeaseArrangementAxis=celh_FinanceLeasesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeaseCostInGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeaseCostInGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesTotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeaseCostInOtherExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_InterestOnFinanceLeaseLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeaseCostInOtherExpenseTotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeasingActivityInCashFlowsFromOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_OperatingCashFlowsFromOperatingLeases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseInterestPaymentOnLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeasingActivityInCashFlowsFromOperatingActivitiesTotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeasingActivityInCashFlowsFromFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_TotalLeasingActivityInCashFlowsFromFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeaseArrangementAxis=celh_OperatingLeasesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeaseArrangementAxis=celh_FinanceLeasesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoAndThreeYearsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AmountRepresentingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeaseArrangementAxis=celh_OperatingLeasesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoAndThreeYearsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AmountRepresentingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeaseArrangementAxis=celh_FinanceLeasesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoAndThreeYearsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AmountRepresentingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=celh_FurnitureAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGrossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedCustomerRelationshipsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IntangibleAssetsNotSubjectToAmortizationAbstarc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BrandsTotalCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IntangibleAssetsNotSubjectToAmortizationNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetIncludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=celh_FuncFoodAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=celh_AcquiredCustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedBondsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedSettlementOfPreexistingDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilitiesLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetscustomerRelationships'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCapitalLeaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AcquisitioneuropeanOperationsDetailsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AcquisitioneuropeanOperationsDescriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BondsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=us-gaap_BondsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BondsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_InitialNominalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_MaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AmortizationDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BondIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BondsPayableDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=us-gaap_BondsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BondsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=us-gaap_BondsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BondsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=us-gaap_BondsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BondsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeaseExpirationMonthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_CashPaidForTaxesOnRestrictedStockAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=srt_ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_CashPaidForTaxesOnRestrictedStockAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ExpensesRelatedToCapitalRaise'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=celh_StockIncentivePlan2006Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_ForeignCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_CurrentDomesticTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_DeferredDomesticIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IncomeTaxesDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_PermanentDifferenceIncludingStockbasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ChangeInValuationAllowanceIncludingEffectOfChangeInTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingenciesForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsStateAndLocal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_DepreciationDeferredTaxLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxHolidayTerminationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_NetOperatingLossCarryForwardsExpiring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=celh_ChinaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=celh_HongKongMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=celh_FinlandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=celh_SwedenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=celh_NorwayMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsForfeitureRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_WeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_WeightedAveragesGrantDateFairValueGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_WeightedAveragesGrantDateFairValueExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_WeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeVestedOptionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=celh_RangeOfExercisePrice1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeVestedOptionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=celh_RangeOfExercisePrice2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeVestedOptionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=celh_RangeOfExercisePrice3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeVestedOptionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=celh_RangeOfExercisePrice4Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeVestedOptionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=celh_RangeOfExercisePrice5Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeVestedOptionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_WeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueBeginng'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_WeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueVested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_WeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueForfeited'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_WeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueBeginng'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'

begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( /U$:U('04UB@0   +$    0    9&]C4')O<',O87!P+GAM
M;$V./0L


STA)8*O4'J@)I9GF



M2/4:\Z]D)1T#KMAY\FO]L-YN6%OQ2A2\+H38\CM9W\OKF_?)]8??1=AY8W?V
M'QN?!=L&?MU%^P502P





B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1








M







_#





I7RQC=OL<A!:(BYX:JP$@Y]7?L.%L$K \5\C.FC[
MM(&'UWOUA1L\#.:9:7XCQ8\\

MNTDR(&FEC2R:8 H\K+^96]-(@X8*#^@*@)B'X)H
=ZB)N N&] T@0D+C/U

:)W0R'B-8XQ9K
MC(JU





M&IF^@&ULF.*:_%




M&5?V!7B^DM+L&[:#]A\+L_\!4$L#!!0    ( /U$:U*.P.W6F08  !@:   8

U&[SHIRGY0

56SV^\:&ZW1K[

ME6NE/MF'=^79BEI%LI:%L5
(_'


E'HS=5:[?QRG3X:87CS/F%:K6JJU(869(WHA9M(<F5G4Z3$_+QZBUY\<-/
MIQN#7V4';(KCM&\.T\+M&]E\9)PMB9 @7J&7SQ[.
N?#M^@@X.7
'@)_7Q\



MGFAA49XEP/A
M&N8IFF4L


XGJ
MS \ ZBY?FO-T+MQCQSADV4)



N







-+AI3P!PRWRC7+
FP@?3O$A\!RL
 ?5V6





MI)D%E;7-

M34Q;UTS_O@6A=K
@O8+#WQ36;= \ZQA&UB_=HL-
[HP%+R&J3A2A(-ZUEP
M$UW/4Q?O [YQV)F#


M;&[@:^/1Z(9+]Q:75N



W8J'JOZJ5W=[.BAE:B34_








M_E0+=-$\R
9E,2OVP$Y6D[GTT')
Z'/\&^T


0].66RXU &_!P?E$#DP:Y@?J

_%Q



ME:[VQC8=*!7&J?74W5?'J .RN47!)M.:5K.JOT8J+6^RR:IE#MBW&8 FR;


82?TICF;
:C9
MC[6?K_NG_?G/?7/J



MX0?&F5:!6 2S):MON0J*&AZ(_/-2E'

-
MGAA[D[QM]=VV53S0ZA6

M\WEAI@8K@RM6S


MP

M3MS8





3FQ


M07Z

MWCY%).V/#9M#
$JS

M@?UX\5BRQS8EF(D!G_[V]KC@H:L=3V _3_Q0NF_;/L#[_EG &;;I8FQ)73BD






M971S+W-H965T-BYX;6RE6EUOXS86_2N$L0\M4(]%4I]!$B ?T^X [31H
.TS
M+=&Q=F31)6DGV5^_EY1BV2+%Q-T\Q))\29Y#7MYS+^7+9R&_JS7G&KULFE9=

]^N%?/UXN- QJFB[*
M?H#;;@ R




MUXQ27.2)'SN.AJ ;!=$_:E%^GQOYJ1#L#=!D95T!R)AK+^2^RQ-'I'$$?R/0
M'L



M;5ZD)
=C



M?T#YZ



M/.A:M9

M&KNL1YD^K.BYN7
\J&


+!2::)6<<.MD/I
M_7K&3A.*!&5?[B6QQS/??#/C&8]V2M^; M'UU)(

197C'+)B.M=J=-J&YA0_56Q


M(






M-%^]WW'V&5RE5B6H(;[P&7SQ8T59^KGFFLHYC*(_?#?4
H6%4AF\UJJN^K#:


M
)US:4#@EDRCP?.+ '0SZYN-596?KXFR-*W]LJ#G$;53H/.M4K;=. ?=@SOY

MWASLJJH\/3IRR4[ET@U
J0I\LS$VEQ4N[?;(E5;)E _EV=%X.#P^RJ4N#MZ^

/+XY&!TT-V[U=E?1C:.WKTNY52M5?2YO

MJ:0BA+_'M29RC(B!#'^#0/6I9TL/^YH7[)ND.7M73JS&2_ZK3:O3F8'XA4
M;62=5;?F\6\JZ#

M@7$X
L[SW7\#:ZCL?AHBFKGQ$61JG2?P!%4

M$_^]7+O*(H[^YSL


M\'F@(AEF6EE@7*9/[+3I8L N4)73ECY*$@Z_

M

R+$

2


MS!.0JO(UHK*!U7C/LA0(LH23OW#JP' _3=13O$(,A06#NV]U_FCH++AYZ0
--)K]R/$P&O](
M/$UM&[XQ/_TOU1:-VH.(\&1-?96H.+_0T&0AT74G?1,=0CV8K/:]$&1L;(+6
MJQ&D,A4\%,091,R-.$7+7/X#QT:SP4C\-$'0_%CM




L3W\







R93:[?A*BF#!PXO:FG[WTT(2_(SQR8D&!:
<YL@]2;!'38/8HN?]PO48S
M:0R[Q;SL0M:!2 /=R$W(0?KN==?!3B
0 CQB\QJQNRN+[KJ]46]9SXB2VL;

MU

F&'$OTW*M


M)SD=M+K;ZZ^0&*GAB6RY.A
GT^'A:'@XG@&


UE*$]$/
M8A[/QI-X/ET0;


)PL4

M8#3V_XY; ?ARU-S]E==E%

HVGTTE\/!R)XVD\FD_BR6+AO7OXCG'F1CYY)U#QX\B4M&#XY$L
M@N36]_AEY+#AMDS]_P)^O73&X_^WLAE#A\3CR\[N4(YP?2A!H?&IP3
G



U5

MVB_+Y



7_]U&S;9X(:P-OB;*M986#(*BVO SIA!M@


:G\S'Y]!Q)@1*!+\6EE;FB

73*
Y@3JOM%
.^*V



OT)Y@SF?%R%X;BU% +)
M*75/M5J'MU'!



MF13;Q4RGV[2S#XM]H5*XE0B-205Q_OK]UQ24NS$7: ?6ACRKS?YYY[Y8NM



774Y
M.9NP7!2\J]T7O?V;Z.-9D;Y

#QHI I_^6.?ASV!


M;ZQ__N\W#*:CP=0;3/]\+M\67$Y9+\N^5@*^-BU7.V ^TZ62_Q$6'T
LVTJH
M2&]J67(M64=DF^8@Y03IK%,%XRS[!8^C(; N9&
 M96TB13]EGH_
.%RVO



]
MN6U N/NQ_/4O9XOY^KV-E!BJNZ$ 6VT
MX



X7:WBTV4:75O)V3Q.



:+K?BERH(5
5SWN!_1!YVQK]*$D[/#E9+*?S(;S(






^5

WJ!RT2^JF$1D]T$)@&(O.
M68L0X +65M+PE$/?J?TP+5Z-[CVK]!8P







]^ !
WP7[
M*(F.8/@YRH:5&N H$1_ AAQ0+HE-_%9@=%=6P_;FV8=]W9]_3U7(][;]
?T1




M971S+W-H965T

MNL.P@V(SL5!;RB0E:?_])#EQ


+ML\0KKVA%9&;_W

1((\^ - ]@'K=;2*O\IH9-ATKN0/EHBV;






,KPOK'-%X6+$USM&^5%--5M2BY+Q$:;B2H'$UB;=F]N^B_<!7SEN




R
2BY


FB

*)
MPHKH4ZRC=BKR[$UDYV^G+SJY_27JM9]QAH!K:9M!T'K;



/9XID-R[AA

M\\?5]:^W%W
/H_33/(\&KH.!Y3
&LJ5X:UI?.7';%JIX:& .;P:7EKU+U\NO

M498AFUXDA!] S



MQ$!PNK/S5!PH=.2GRWUG59&8SHJ;2K=2%



\#M



;H+QW'FR@W3O44JYWLDZZ@:3L'?DM

MXA)BEHWI6L_';EO. .LK0B5\L:!5OE?:C:P)OH')
L]ILYNH

VV;B(Z:SHJ.T#OD2


R;I(;E.UDTTR\:\5'M?.!+=DR3!XI
M]0OF/)43EUZI[]CN$%1H








M)
G.0VBP'S)7%#PX
:U]?$3&\AB'BXTUQHIO6VE9.IE2P7PR





#2RQJUY4(1-.))43115T?6 GXDIA-/IODNE./2B7@^QRN?T:?


\F*CR




_?E[9?KL84NFAGGK=QK+Q<_(Q?%[!?5V+5A;YM%(<*


MP=RAK-2J9APU5&&I8!NN[1
;&B'8OQ3V1ND%=!;




MH0O-



G(TGKSRI[F'Z-7YK#U13Z:MD!R:\B8@Q[1T


M]::2N;1M


W6JX





$*E*%LXQY$^4MSZTZN


M7+(DSJ!DBM%B'J;S+/BJ;)^4WV%H;TVGL+.G57OHN6]!6]FKX'V7#C#WT-:N
M+- ?P\1H%DXF*09Q&&?G33W0_ TB^S F*8T6!V N%N%\-ON;U*2JP*U$#5%;
M




N
M O^/W6R83J8P:^K-FH8Q4NWBFV#P5I[ H

RY- O3;/9=
M/ITUXJQ2EW(/[JN#0$]
^OAVT!USG
MWM/=OJ/9:.'O-&[:B@*SS/F+E5_;PUDS_CB;A0V?**DOT#!GF1D/)JQ:#3]
M;D5'?D:C'_QJ9H#P
X9

I?K%-:(
M&'




6+-$S YU%(-LVS.=C!
MH
AP*;K@B/9%Q!%Y1V=#*L!I0@4XZ-L08,,^M(8Y?WI^,WEE!:R!$Z#+,%Q
M813!@3*848Z;0]W_2%4;.AB!L$

MY$X$R$9IN$@);?!QO)C0%*[7& $X]_%KO/?9L!9ZY3Z.4FL$&/P7Q'ZV__YZ



M*[!V6=IN&(8=%)M)C

M+]38V6A=#CU/)1O
F6J+$@NZ60F9
TVF7'NJE




T[X:QV^WZK<^HU) :*ZGRBC.-
M*?4#C88D8[;CSKMAY
9A!R[@/(I[;J\7P$7K46C&#4@_=J-^WT!'H3L8Q
3I

:25)(6M'3*I 




M=#$U+GAM;*U6W6_B.!!_SU\QBOJP*W&0#V@+ B1HM[N5NFVU[=WJ=+H'DTS
MNT[



MJI

MU)KFE:;H@*8P@J^R


!S@MJ)6<JI25$QUU%KQE.'
MI7W*&%?PQ$2)EKF@<=+@:UGX]RL@ILEOTJN

M(T(A#4(8?.Q2LJCI#.









NH*G7I3K4$%Y3
[;%3FJP





MJB*


MLM*FD Y+LQ[:RI#


M$_Q#T=;VO@5[LM3Z



!R*M

LF





[$ST;752CN=K^+TY]^F(]&T5L^%'SX2B!D=ZG32S)B

-Q



0V!;

+\#2-6 6.9

W5G#PU1;7F^ #.N-(#2$+CC^\-&F
M



&V89Q3&TQ@:
M9L&](9\$+JW2MIVK?=&G-4R!*VWHQYCSL]D$')J+H2E:AOW*.SR-IX&_-[+K

#C89?K
M:Z




M[1^2[#&BU[RVNMWNK7K5/-$.Y

M (


M#?JA64FTO(XE+RNH52EJ(F$[==)@/(M
O WX6
)!G9V)Z60CQ*

M 8=

&P1:C?'\0.D:WD6T.+QLIL(S2*UAX+?5!F@\
MWPJA3X9)T+V[R0]02P,$%     @ _41K4M<R%8)F @  /P4  !D   !X;]W



?7(%(L%+J;2;


M(.(/( 8QW!I-A8



Z[?!_9GL4

MNITY^PM02P


MW/9'ZNPY97VY*X/\K;;I[.QTJ/(F1%=UPD!0&9O^U8\=#WL%Y.O
PZ@9G@



M(_94:U/(1C+)6)7KL


M1B4:MS!
;96$@$&'M :8=F4NQ2(

MW


BJ%079?U'1 LB=C4X&TTFWRI$
M#ZZT396I J*!*G/
ZQ3


^Z0]OG%-)M
.H2]@
1Y?W43.* 9*:U6).WRD/M!17'C



M^[96[48_J=?P8E1-S=X_1?'HU&%


MOWQS

H
)KT+;JW!Q*Z@FK /944I&-F)ECB2Z9%\;@(5H\$B
MOLAC?^D3?_%962M+&49@^'0R_S:UD%9%3.L(R*(0
%R&
_C$HG0ZWP(T=047



_.









XFD5<Y8Y:-



84YTW8+*\VD8?YU&/@^7ANKR?IQ(D^_S=/W






M;9)_82V\Z_K# \:ID]\6/!9:FD;7JG];:39]PTW!]X

M /U$:U+)%[&2  4  !


M;

M_[XS2XJ6$]LUD$L/MKE?;]Z\F9T=GVR4_FHR1 L/15Z:TUYF;?5^
#!)AH4P
M?55A22M+I0MA::A7 U-I%*D[5.2#* C&@T+(LG=VXN9N]=F)JFTN2[S58.JB




%R%N1
M/1ZV'#.Q9MT6B(]JILU!)AM%!PS8([&N&%XS 5$M<W1Y.WR3X43SVH^'P





M'F/.(X(IT1YV!&G








-*L5U]OWHE*;=Z-HU#_X





M


MPMM-BWU(XR]F6!S3S!&ZY%KV%34 H^7MQ0!@K2AQQGMBJH
W%R2\4\ $Z1%T

^C
MW



2?3!(_






6
+!L%A
M1VB(G:)DYL?3&<M3)W[C^FG8(BBKW4'@GZ8S4!T4Q9-_'0R<_*/TOA1\CD:

=)2&OM@$[7\J:
MN\$1
P0XD3IHZ$[BU^P ONWRY:1X#AV];%D\=?/LDPD5(







W?Y=.WUF)^ML/_RUL[=AH?R71GFFKC)@/!)B_MI_KL[#8D 0/
HDO;22H@<DA9%\7Y7-VL@W
M9::SL8 3P.JP12VVE]$7);[6J2_CT)-1$ 5?D!=WNL8L+WY(U[6J]81\F,DS
M=8?0:N1I7:OR6O/UOT^O3%,C3O[SA<6FW6)37FSZ'0S[94GAPI</29.7:RU?
M59NM*N^DRJIM ]U4*=^5*31O
N+IDH_B;


*2Z2VA
M@:04@47+5;5QN/+RFIX:)!]=5C6TO\E-!=V
KF_R%



M
_1EZT1VVI:8M#&


EW88*+55U6!+2^]R
LM

$MN/DU6M=;
\S!2(VKNZDA74BZU_3TSP$U5


M\ZU :&]LLXF73YJD$Q&$ =H8W+4?44.YI





D]
-0/I*SQ)]'DS *_3B2C_H)1#1H

AX2_W^Z

+'P
M0QJ#??M\BCTDF.12(_B?$:92A:T +3)/@L.62<2WC [@0*#
O7:\6,1
MIX&7S.= E736X

%=6ARY


:'?I) ._.$4A^3M$#O&]
MNZ3'@D;%-!KQ.06.A')OR4.6[YWE_18'




M\^)0


V*L?F)T@'V

W/]-NFM6VMV[9YN(3;(%3]KI)'D#N,!30XM+UWC&<WU&WQY5DDZZ9RVP!W
M+,5*]E]?#%W$?J!=B=MC43\!7?$ 1)6;==^EN]/6@VTY;3#LD1E9H#<4396

ZN180












MUI+


M(@636/NSKM@NZ:


4I<!K#BNXH[ZIX6[0)$J#6GI\T'N#E1F2EB

[[.1@OPLZ5GB_A

MG




M:Y1' K%IH&*9YPUZGX

MCY02:U7N*3T_%XRF6F6$K



MVS 







J!%VKC
I.
K5-<IUU[FW]H_!1=<#O]V[EX1*4PB26.&&0I/!



0GPH7!
M )*97[]?]^!&8(=*^?%%D%

C
M$VQ4+


M5HG1:2(RM7IS

%_Q7WY[O! !(7)T[A<# EBG=C_Y=?2$-^SP\7^RW9<12


M7IQ=?%B(%U=II .MS
O71SF$(M)'02G .RN _X0 GB\^I4F^




MK9$




MB81OPB+(A;R3.I)XB7BV1' ;.@:2%%$HEDK(\ YL%
26JQ6D5N% G.M$)@&4



 #


4%1@'XOCD%G]H3=[+!=]7J41

)Q(!9;%7#J1* QOTPY
M&JL25;]E Q);L_( A*8MO&\D;_(SQX/G_TP\TR*K^+K\]C?5%I7: X?RR9(:

'.9&G)QY+/_
M,F\R\,3/$'TP%#\[\R@2*5E3

M:;(^_ C &8JY



M%.H[':+K$+PU.=XSM;4( )6A:C8%M]:V
Z2$S/7AU-G+X^T/K;SZ)=%4_Q8Y


O8D[!%V;NZ-'50



MWBE;+XUN]SXBW.OGIK?P^EN#.0&J7!/41(]LGO#SLVCLC[N:_L+O[PRNH;D$
MF.4\]1[NBM(GZ^
_0FI?SJ;3\/L[C?



MVJ/.Q6?EY3^N&W2R;9 F)JW&7$GT6:\S0INU4\GRD''_9 I'QN(Q0Q@_@$

ESZQ*WEA7).DCD1C94P0%:9:E2YI68
UR

M\](#BX$[32IBZTWT4;E8D9/OV
FR#^;W;JVF]??[6_^+!$E!B1OYM;OV_HWE

M9VK-H<)#&O.[9-D*

25@I8B9I.!Q0M#O@0FMDD6^ H_
=#T8?XHA2#$.AE9:IWQ+K




MBSJRW
XVACAD*B^RA+

MO-L)O=FJ 8%^/PC\(+
$A+DA$HL-_-.9LWX #CZF[.S-S5MH_)('#YS)]DYC





.B)X['K34?N:#;K X)^ _C]?K#.

M_6.!SQ9

^/V@?K'1VRWG/)2J?^&?J'=$T$_M
MJ;!XDD6?#J-FA##Z%N[GEJ5]U068.*6R]&1\/Y/D7FWCNF:XXC9-D.LDZKXZ
MBRI/PML$9'TH:NRI(F51/NPF7$-@%!7T(D%!1
WD3AI)_-A6YO/YXATZ-U.@
MUY@OOHC+=

G9-G%DM8@0I:#?W96P
$7'KC6^\R:
[WPX@3IA- )1N2-(




M=Z3'.NX%7N

CS#E=0HQR[X
MIKOVNW.^*


V
M;'7/N?3GWRZ7MLI0(?G.


M







B.6C_9B14:%?IADK'WB.RO=^JG]8^?YO8G
M/\WK]I=3G]#GT/ELI%98.AR<3 [LW:;J0YYN^0= RS3/TYC_1!B'*J,7\/TJ
M1;5'XA!_9.PM_\/4$L#!!0    ( /U$:U+?=^9WEP4  !0





P:Q



M5Y]FI[/S!7E[2^]+IMX=CC1



W- +G
6:Y:PF






M4+V3

(]=/0C=


+8S:0[@



7 

(7F!(4[@LQ2FTK 4)99_$X0D9]4'#1=)B<9WV-Q#FD<0!(ET0F^


M5Y2?PW

MCU(8LR@8L;'WA00I8$E&#G$DRB8,.9=#VDX@SB-B\+\CPG*\^F(VC(W@



M






!FZ2=IS1:/56:O3 $;
M*0L-7R!*_3A._#@;NH#XHU'HATDR6- :[JE!Q2C7D/C#C/AD%$'L1\-+/TOC




P+GAM;'V4
MW6_:

A[7EBS

(S?'=/K75K#P_DS_9/+'7/94 V7DO]@



 Y/\)(^U\3QDF.Y2@-D#1FPG4V2_%QLM%%X

MGT1#/XG35ACCB(8C\M8Q! =WNP*U=1VL

M

M965T


M!@XO.+9$ ;MFR-\W
V
U9
$_/9AABQDZS/ (YCV(8U%F@J@EF:M\HPI16(-?


M8_P:W.1*6_G#K1*7O*S)5@@?/WPFW!@!X3@G 4L )()6&GMAG P^*0N4LI\E

\EG
I-6B1+IY[OA]!@'DNZ
MJ1X@GVR'\8@Q%9Z$







M4VW-$3:#GN+/78'O2

M\.2-XJG':(13&&%)X+$X)- 7!B$)(CB6_03' L(BYOD));$7I# 3AL(XP*&0
MT CZ*%X#7*
N@



M


M971S+W-H965T

9&4X$[!0




M:$R.?M3'HS6X9Q9K)8?EO



MU:GJ!Y-


94T5W K^B66ZF+K7+LD@IS77'\7N#]CG8PFF@BO[
M2W:-;8+&::VT*/?.R*!D5?.DS_LZ=!RN@QZ':.\06=Y-(
MR236=3:38$6FL

MNN:@7D]\C6&

!'?BW)Z$!R$5U$7$)Z

M\WRMM

D)+(37[A]HQQ7?L
MA1&UC



@Z&7W 0'.B

RK1M!B:W?$6FBLE#T6N.)!&@-\GPNA


T+GAM;)U6;6_J-A3^GE]AL6KJE=*2A2$#I VVZ5


ME%2?RPH$?EE+55*#6[7IZTH!+9Q2R?M1$*3]DC+1FX[=

LV6V
/^M-Q13=P!^:ANE&XZW=6

M!7!N#2&
;ZW-7N?2*AZO#]:O''?DLJ(:%I+_P0JSG?2R'BE@36MN;N7N%VCY



MD8D-


!IXJQL#$N9_#

NQ9/
M$PJJQ/Y81JBAZ%WH\ E 9YQ$FMK#LU+#)' 8%0D$H;^@$VQW 8HP;6LC)[

?A 
$9*C;




MJ)0\



MB5RJ5NINH\UN+ZKZX
 DH!I
;;/9_?O:)J%INXGZ@CWCF7-FQAR/]US\D#FB




M)S9X*6?2?F'?QL:^ VDC%2\/R;JLJC:E3X=YG2
#B70 X)Q-;=$MDJ%U31
MZ5CP/0@3K='
QK9JLW5Q164N9:V$/BUTGIHF\_G'A]O[-:R2K\GLPQ*2VP5H


(+5YX!F]%GVUS0*L
DC05#642

0^%;_ABEO*B6A;GDM+36TF $^:;%)






MER5J)XT&BZM1-.D





M@D*6AEAO85OP X?6!_#YRAC:&9Z@?3+'_P!02P
$%     @ _41K4G;*R%E!
0!GFB3B&6 
8$3-?GU.-X8C4I:5


_+@7\8VH:]

M+'6@MZ[\IRGBYF9X
50%K713QE_=]J_4V7/*^G)7!OE;;=/9V=E0Y4V(KNJ$
;97GT]#&/\14D08X8]DI
MGZ+'KH%<O+W[^,N[3^I^\:_%W=_?JQ\_ZV5)X<WU.$(WGQCGG9Z[I&?V'3W3
MF?K9V;@)ZKTMJ#A4, :H'MELA^QN]JK&=Y2/U'R:J=ED-GE%W[RW=[ZYM^S

NJK5MU:IAQ)YJ;0K9289JW(=
M-AG_T'GN?*%M3LBJN.%3QO?VJDB^B/U&;+117S0E6ML5*)Q\-T77OW:)#[
M5+:#H\O1)5*P+ $WVWF!:8?IV#O;[?&Z]L;FIF:=X.QH
IKO[P*79YZ-!00*

5X._?Q#E-Y7)!U* [LD$PUUM
:T* :J]YGG6_=



+.WDN--BDX!]2--[%51;J:U73\

(9

UJ
M?R?O7C0
GV<GT

:)%?V38=2W*$JW69*
=]6ZMVTY_4:W@QJJ9F



O
MC:,8PWJ;4CIU$)0*4S65C)N[*$ZQW35[E#6)8YUOU%=0 M^-]MA@KAD4(K<T
M!T.JA/@3,*3E.DTO,H((4JS:U*8.YFF%$P1@!1=^\$9O9*KC]0Q_EQD9_.3

T&_4H9;7

M5MD6.(F8SWCB@/

MX:
1 BO* A^+?]+'/WE[F59SLA2M2C
T6\3&Q0CIU(V+O90 96VV168IQ'I=
M5X5MEZ#)&1LCU3/

3ZRC@X7Y(8QU7


MU91R

MMTK
J)&8LF7MTAA*+JN0@,@@)JK([IG%0_(*A^8?^.X5!/M_J0J4F0.GWB
MUFF?R-

M2P

M965T

!G.')+G<

M@1K/Q)PKIUJ($GLFE9QSC54Y':B%%#PS@^;%@+EN-)CSO.R=GYJV6WE^6BUU



N!*75?$CS_3LK)?T(!
3OBST7?7\FVCF

[CJ007G%




E' $R^6O*:L0JT8DUV[L#_LPTS F!?C95'[PN@:FR8\ER:L)H6
M_LQEIFI $U7!#(_OT^B+D/IF@L' !1RLSZK*:+WBY^OFGA'GQ+PJ0N3A5

\#PXA3)R(]3WF.3Z#

#GL

M##]



 7 UK?#@E9B=Q@#:1!PRI:;43R. H







0C
MH\@
L)HSYLB+7=L+0DP/B8




%J/F)P9*<O<#R'B/HT0
M@T5+L_&=8YDQ0)WX[L.6'XQ17,J,TI=XXLY;FAEG! %X(J8@\O,*#@1!S3S
M^+TCU=*8

9T^PUV!55B/H\&

M('[ OS0-(7.*F0UO%[^3Q+=.Q

F4T@:7%%_Y!-\87B': 'KN0S@#]BN'LIQ2EA5E
MZ02E0R
/(L&(^B.

Q^&35
WS4_'






E&F4V)%FZR0JYBRJF8S02.!_=A&J=@

S




BYX;6R=5VUOXC@0_BM6

MWIYGQN/)8

V[)\





U














R?0#L;B.X&3N+A&.I0U8S_U



:$G9-!S&/9F/:LRH%_-)[1_FZ1YANE'E


_LVC %(L]*H3:4$*1&G#U**JHID0B20=Y[#9.3Q/'8;(OV9O
M&CJV

O

M&N#


R.!P





MVC 4_2M7T1Y::2-?A$ %2.5CVJ11565M'Z8]F' A49.8V0:*M!\_VPEN*)!5



M39^3N8A[5MN.2[(.A4/=/L-2T.!XHMHRO4W;(O89M.:


M;N-4



M23LH:+TSM*X'$YJ+F

XG^/\D
6&HU0;R]TX-4RCC!J@.]^!L_QG!.AA^&
MNYT:.;ZIFZ_YFN?JAAO
U\A/E:9 MC12_8TV?==W0B\(P[!K;ZJ:CR/#P&VV

M.3^.=(/@





MP5O 
X-:[HR123+C_
5
[O*AXQE#4$FC +5CPV,HB



05%6R%-TAIZF8W3RY31QE2YB

&&X
M9[4'&$=A&
3]5J/.:G34ZM8D@]Y&1A_?8!QX)
)XSUX/

0#3(+!GC]WYVR;


+4/3:.0;I.F

S-N-QQ#:RH@W..(A-
M71/^YP8KMAM9KO4\
*?K4NH!.XY:LL8
Y6



/

&_8=;6A9T&^


[GZ70!

\Y







MA;A&*S6]
+TQ;)6&%/HKKB17IT3Q9/+M^^



A6C
M*?34MI=T\A=02P

P)1(Q ]$0C'9P3B1B!V
MAM;
G%E7U-#E7



MI3'K4U7A/A
&%&A#J$*=%1 J1$4Y/Q$LC1NJTAR-)')'@.+P!!0KUU!EF-BC
N



2\Z9)


MVX^X1_41IFYF





M(/3*K5%2F@.3E#






%.N\*Z0)I5T=&R91F5-'NI%AASRB/





MJJ&R;L\F.
V_GS^1ZE!5;<7L)USSSWGVL[-<,OXHZ@1DNY(52
M@EK*]BH
15FC!HI+UB*JGE2


EE@*2._\$K6HZ (P I5<$/D/=M^19V?3/.5

M;
V@A.





E:*
+ONJRMQV1CN1K#7-






M\F0FV8 )LOVKV
D*.QG2(!DZW0&1JG

M Z'!I$/_ROBH-3[ZG/&
JE1LN49FKZ'+:3\O\L?XI

^[E

2MZ_@?QZ.?-_3/QIWQZ)=A

=)=F7/^13?^
M6HZ]0#MB!5M(G8*JOSU[9$6A

BK$60!@1P< J#Q?11J7#Y122<CP0](Z+M5-GW0=+6)5N;R2C^5F13J:J[B

(AM=F%G?4<$0R;!=+6K&D5^P#E[1 J\L'Q]%+

MPQ#L7K+62];K97H41WM:[!CBJU-5BIS.\R*7.;
6)NL6!D-(0L=XQX$A2S!8


NW
\N%RBQA4YN


M$JL7ND//P L&X66E)73AE9#


M#?T=H?T


!3]*U:T!Y ?#4)16DD:(N&!PK


R.)2<%E(*P
M$G&8#:Q+]V(8Z7@3\(/ 2FR

\9P=\^&FX
MVW\/MY7+SJK76?4

MSX%D?I?

@71'T_BK9D?0QS

Z-AZ&9]A_F<E )1FF@

$%
M  @ _41K4E&7&GI



-9E.63+^
4:CM(.@&







(*.3*
&#]6$$?*#5$6L:O#:=3

M 2A
J#Q%9^AA/$ GGTY35^F

K\

+
M/WFGN#&O.;8ZLL0Y=!U]+DD0*W RU+ B46TH:C1TSQ6F^W1'.[K]L!4G7CM\
M)WQ/8&.IXUI9_(]]R;CZC]Y
ZGQ)8R5Z K.IU
2Z(



M   ( /U$:U)G

M+GAM;)6576_:
!2&_XH5[:*3)O)% E0A$C1;AT0I*NUZ



MB:

AU;?0AFL\);*)U9]AWT_@?9+&17F%U5U;N!;*-T*R8J]6%50

M3HG2R?C^\3%YG4RG:#1+T&3V/)K=3\;3KPMTDX#$A KD?HYLJ4@ZWT[WKN/:
MU3OAFD#:0;[[!7F.Y[PL$G3SZ1\76]79%.LUQ7K&UC]5+&-912A%N
S0I)2X
M7)

F#





MW5RNT


M
7T;%&8I65- F


M]6S]V$W+%O^VO7PI;[%(9.(0J)=O;.^3K4H'Y_24'QC&_Z:*YTF.\ST@PW

$%     @ _41K4ETZTF_R P  @0P  !D   !X


MZU)P_'F&&Y#294*.GZ>DDT;3!9Y?OV7_TW



MDN99/TG:D*2C)%^5Y?)]'8G5O#)KT!K*/I*T0Q)F-*499?TH68.2C4\L8\ :



 EG[O

MJMI

&IF
M78]E:1JSP2TL;$TV'#?9OY0JCT+*/ME3Z+MC#%9AUIVFP=F!TAW._^%Z(RI#

M2P


1M&@]M&8SMV4T.)*IC9[8#
MW;^?[82

IJ8-LBS:'$XHY50-7)

M:(UT)4^



 O@
K^?#.




M='


MG618
#V0)0K:V4I5

PYU(


I


M(CC*P5FCJ_X GM]O0
TT:*.JQ%16 ZT8E)5*
OJ%K!B6Y^\TV4C1^$H#4@RS


MQ_Y1*DN:7VG:5+9%
P5\CH??AE1E:;!ZS%U
M<#3CE0[-\DU::Z$:<9=9^TNBT4S(_]U;VZ:[TSMN-0XY:@X6!,$E0SO9N%
MD:6;F!MI:/ZZSXPN/%36@?:WD@ZV75B[@J=_P-02P
$%     @ _41K4EV@
$ZDOG&%B4'



%3BHA6=Z0E8
\*^HW.31].&X_A4
M;@CXK02O(7BFT-J9*6M
7<;
MVE*EUR)VTJ2ZKU/A*ZG&D'20Y[Y'V
'.!?KHS71W\)QNJZ+;RG%;.39ZWA6]



MJA)CTY%8BHNCU


M'-F]N8PCL4/.IA+HG9Y3N7;+BH!D[7.6PLV#9#L^'&44FWL 1\+N=21VZK

MXW]02P



MF.RNT=#1FJ54UV7&!'Y92I52@T.U:NA


MC4FX8'

CHBCTP\Y3-%8X:A928ITQH

M)2&/[WNAM4*G!1Z_'Z1_=
:C

M_#I[@/GXC_'D\P=X/V.&\D3?P

MP^#OCL:OA;[:^L:18A:SIYK7



?U^8/^J8]


(QD@EV!P
D\R




$I (

M
'+G//M1X&4 142
H1=BIO#8'

[(+54V

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#8U+GAM;'U476_:,!3]*U?1'EJI;3X*[5:%
M2$H5@E:!'33-.W!)#?$JF-GMH'VW]=V0L:DEI?$]^O<<YQ[$^^%?%$EHH;7


M:D*9.H=+&*=P3SGA&27L J;3
4702

M$LG=&'NS;






MK K@'TKP*D SJT MP*XMP*\N5OC\XJ_3TEDV'@J^(T)+HS9]4X:K1*.#

Q.Z=_

M+;



R]X0$]4WO@FE3**!6.TVGINETT\0BGI_Y
M5K($-.V0IRF60


MBX2%@'U8W6)S4.L.;LPHN65H*8FE+-#2(M?'%


)Y?B1&V!AR/%4N(8%C66RG9S:8&+YK)^I8M6EW

M-S7?]DX2JAHEFH(#U[/L*RV8'@LQ[:[$_V-JJ#3^^]C0(M@U-]!C::?=M?T_
M3@Z5MC
O8Q






M=#GR!AXJ8$G6E;X7VT_0UM.W?+FHE'NB;9
Q\,H
M./PVCM/09A@?.%O]<4&,B5ZY4*Y6+-=7/WNMFN'=^X+G0P/S9MNNFJ_VF:
M'C\C<D6Y0A4L#65PE9@3DDW?; (M:M=Z%D*;1N:&I?G5@+0)9GTIA-X%=H/N
MYY7] U!+ P04     #]1&M2FW
'&5

M='


M.7&N\=4


W\/[]B73K+[3MT\3H)MC@KU@Y/5SM(*<D./^SL!-<?O


K8ELJZF6AGVQ;SVC16O?D;W7J:

ZEZ

MDV\#':!MR*=_ 5!+ P04     #]1&M2DVO!J0 #  !P0  &0   'AL+W=O




XC#L!!4MF#?LF[&Y&/;Y


MM_'GX.G9);7PM'UT_VK8D65))4QX^:O(U'K@W7@D@YQN2_7 =]_@P-/6?BDO
MI?DENWIN%U=

7DGC.UEF3&

MDR2Z)G$8APT;FORW/.HYMI/847&+SD7*I;RL@CW8




W$JO !E=LP]
.H\3 _DD7O

E77
MCMJKPTC4RW?C8_Q.E%7_W\V]5WDGHI5P20I(4?+T.]BDA!U?:\[BF],B5QR
MA077--=X)0*A)^#[G'-U[.@%[5K^!=02P
$%     @ _41K4ADA01%F P

V7I9 %T:8K5Z[:2!Y2J8



BTI2#FL8
I

R@;*NT*&JP45!07CW)8ST11P <=@#\





&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M<R]S:&5E=#<Q+GAM;+58:X_:.!3]*U;4E5JI2V+S'@'2 %.U6LU#I=.NM-H/
M)KF U<3.V@:&?[]V$A)@@F%'V_D CN-S[LL^YLY@*^1/M0+0Z6)N1IZ*ZW3






\'U2J$['D%4@Y]<P!,'@6\+:
E^VC'Q

MV
))4 .?7@T_M7X43;.L73/C:YVK'0]% DC3%Y1*L6'V+-8%E;-T
A:K YN1
M407S-_ W-=9;I?66T_IW&J]I?G9CHQZ4AU!G/=I'QAOMHZMYZEKO7(2N[QL
MEUZVG5X^IF!W,E^B6B%0K.Q=\C(Y9;*2'U$''2=T^V:C'7JO'Z]T.EUI_2Z

28P-P?!C2#X

M:42=YS(A%
N.;
SHG


M7.==2#E;-L6W62MX



M%KQ.:TV7

BC
3)69IP_




;F^^9_9R


B$_\DH#Z5\MQTQ).



RYX;6RM6-MRXC@0




P(0L*V#Z.
7V;D2@]W&I0

OB+E [E!/TT8ODO.!2REJX!?\]X
M&I?*@D$<)L4_?BT#T5! 5H\*A506\'L43!*!:.E /LLC$J%41Z9PI4\#A[F



W\



M5(ZYW40V7%-.!^IU3]5A'[FW5+L2-,70D7WK](8+&CHDZNS-XW2CM/@9PS,
M42OP4BF])U-@H[/!CWFAV$1*:+=!R1[ #O&NE#&P8 ]Q5!-''R.NW%5*\8I



:'P

M07W8.R+=WDAXX

5QY

M2P


MP;+RZ8(F03[


'FQ%
T7W!YPIJ

M0M


_!GU<Y0$7



BB*17YTR;8%W@I

MIL-1:X=KJ

M!
12HEM&A
WO3:0!BLP /:3#6R3)9F95=CA I+7#-6!17\#V'#=*OSYNX-!V





M2

M0R(U3!USX;
SM!S-0:=3S;


M=0
  )

!#



(6.GB86MIQN?TV0G

WR]P+Y6
!*/*9Q$;8UT*&O&
M?NK-73RQ7$T$&6RD-D'4WQ$6D&7:DN+X51JU*I]:L;Y^LO[.!*^61,!Y9]
M2V.YFUB1A6+8DD





5;07M/T'.OU^(-


SZ

=EC1#GMIWZLLR.8[+ZB&%_YP. S]L('5
M(H8U6#M74'$%O5R/)H=M6










=XJFI3J4UQ*KG93Y2='

U^.'V_OYW Q0TG23


M#_9(N( V1&0O&HZ@6P?4;01\5GI2&D-A CLEJ-G?KP0U* EJ)4$CTIJD'#8D


Q\Y:

M(]R!E($(9;STG
D0
@#/UR?V+S%WS&7+'=P9^5.4OIHGGQ-2PHXWTC^9]BOT

\

M



D* X5?)_P!02P
$%     @ _41K4E;!'[DX


FEH!R1L[B;-@$H;S@!
J


M*\(2?$
872IJ9Q6$4[;V\



M96QSG9*Y;L


P[PS=)_
O?S##5%

MW&
EC'%BM/XU@LD/['X 4$L#!!0    ( /U$:U(^
U\*E@4  #(R   /
&ULQ9M=<Z)(%(;_2I<W.WLQJ_(YDXJI0NQ)J%5@ ;.3
MO=DBBB



'L9!#(F




8A_Y



4'B+A1





;
-.EL=X$UTF




MSS6N_@-02P


M6U%O)=!;46\ET%M1;R706U%O)=!;46\ET-M0;R/0VU!O(]#;4&\CT-M0;R/0






3)A6_AWP?.[[(\78M;2X=S%_<T/9Q0X]2_FIIU2?
M+O%&CWZSZ1IJ??

M(96)1?IXW

MQW_.^+7^!_L0('U(D#X42!\:I \#TH
+2!]?0?K@*Y1&4$3E**1R%%
Y

M616*K I%5H4BJT*15:/(JE%DU2BR:A19-8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ460U*+(:
M%%D-BJP&15:#(JM!D=6@R&I09#4HLAH462V*K!9%5HLBJT61U:+(:E%DM2BR






4




=  !X





M965T.YX;6Q02P$% 
4     #]1&M28Z1[%('  !#$0  &









&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(P
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( /U$:U+)%[&2  4  !




O

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #]1&M2YG&2_( 
  #.(@  &0












4     #]1&M2O^



M970S-YX;6Q02P$% 
4     #]1&M2_4,Z3IH  !N!0  &0

U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (

M971S+W-H965T


M% 
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ _41K4ISZQ PP P  0PT  !D              (!


YX;6Q02P$% 

M:&5E='











M='


M Q0    ( /U$:U)G
L0_5P(  &P&   9               @5 A 0!X;]W



4     #]1&M273K2;_(#  !#   &0              @($$




4






4     #]1&M2(.)523P





YX;6Q0
M2P$% 


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #]






end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001829126-21-001412-xbrl.zip

8
?


?QM= S]1^-SQX1_Z?JM;GXTK(^F\?^5;#RV
MXR1*&^]\'W0Z5J?3Z?+7?_E^%WKN1_RW!HSWHX_?(_=O[Y0!/9GM(+S_8'0Z

/\@#_?
MV5'6

\]%;-2^#QX_P _P









+G0Q=&.9Q*PBC'O1EA7+SH_P7*ZE\701@_')
2M;^R

]D@&^U117LTPM%HCD+-
4JB.)C\ZS)^



M:8NB4Z]]_87;$
MHL

6O

M/Z*F]#%$[; %(%7_
!J

#EM2T!=WC2HB\]_G

M?YCSS7=82';[Y11_1Z

G
7\*TUWK4*R\]1B
]U:7':*2'
\)L

:
.APSZE4*8&.)



MF=QP



MK9)1PJ[$+
3HFCTR/V$73 P\RP@7/#L)*/DD)
9=N]$KR0^?&]:GYT_
'SU
M[' F)[.032^+S9K$S-O'+TQ(8S-735QOY+^1_WKD?P\#V%?6_\*&6




M4I(?:2

M


M7PD.7TFA*![\ZY: ^=#39N?8UYUC)Q9DLW




$E?4N2

MJE32XT?Y'


V10^EI\PK.%Z

W@%(Y#Q#5@X9?O^ _7-2ZT5#1Q.#+B=/C+@

MAGJ9Q&AJH

X+

[0Z'?



M35U?@[*K

H]M15\16
MJ%RV/2S-TCT
AJ\]E+4G9:GNK4GD%^T#@TZOY:PO:&\LP6#&6H&WLWDAJ6
MSJ*)

M4#(
XRVS8TXX.E]W*!YUZ:IK-_KS+&1

F TS<

(^=
MH


X;+[N@073L'YW
M%DS#^YU9
 WKEUDPO3_
K_K&SJOU\?YT
6NC<:BM

JLVQ*


&UWO

KV59_6W
MB(%1]

M:RI]%IJ?$Z]!RNT2A

MOZ4J\R5[+%B8]!N6 IBPU*%;!\R1:?5R&F-!5S
^#Y@-#T7T)/!P;PIMKR 8



MM2 -]_



X*%JK/HMGI?!E%6_14%
M$.Z-+






TP+/60
MNQD6D?*1CFT*&X8M(SCA64C7
/)O0+T'/J-\/59V=WWWZT6@(ILL
M:&V^V]\#+X%M)'P^<ST6EO;C_OH'B]3^9IJ9[X=[QL^\P%YP$]/I'9F=%W*C
M]4&O:V!MRL)V<U*0W5-'/(258E@_)ZR2[<6_-^&SF,ZES<XKS",;T68\0J)
ME6*/^.*.<D?WX=





M7.NE!I=B BUINY2XK3O%'6N@YJ




MWK0J10L11-: !;'Z0U




M6'3Z/0[M( 3KV0Z?SV


O+E [JU'CSC)
ZI#3?+&/8[;S5






JO
+

44$_JY&R@J;J=@?=KKD:+3+ROQ9?
MH@DG^G[7*J!$=K






M/MBAM
SVO0);K'X'[!85JOAEMM27[]/I@N&4

M]T$IA3GH&


M9MUFX&5
J9MZKV.MO</
CK^




M&*2X#G
=U-)]#3)=BDBY!R/T#G#W
KRRPUC\H52?)\M1K:8.FK'+V6]
TA
M&)?*47U%4C8WHCJRVEZ@YLS]SAP.0DK?AKOA;1$9FQG)%G@J0J/6E=7-4[%&
M%-^*1R;4 5
XO%O*IOO]L?Z#E NEP7U2FHSB53MXI0(A90@)O+JDER7=/H

9F?8Z:F9:(MZX(Y-.-B'B!#^F?'_UG*.Z.A6/Y=GO[B_





^]5KHK



OTRL!-N_]+&.



)%\'/





MZ$@0HMW9'@I/1&_'6=6Q2


3DH$A$;



/$2U=L:^8!5YY\M(!.

?!4


V?ON%J:ZO:#6G^



;UT0@'P;[GE//H^N(Y+3JZX+U+)0#!6I@
M4TC(R0
L:)B
./:X;H+^





M((E)



M9KHD^S]'VK?V31OE 0XTC2([@5V9!)WS#6;BVHW^7'**O($S/MCVL




M1N$@8?283FQ8B1]A%J8\IOW#3[T08]B2=':8-S


+Z#G#&'C(S/8.E%P(IS/TI
MLL5/@A!?&@]H)\RIKX_PT@QP5PS]9:&=U&M')=Q/=A3D/7OY
\!)O[0-8F*

 UEPN W1@P=V&1DT=&['
RN7?!?-


MUG2/?!?$
!G+KI)5!HSHK%


M5S*%C2]'LH%'Z&)TFH(&3O3

MS01+/_(


C@^6KH&LPQ-3#L
'QE/


6O;G^$86P(\O&






3,I73?S9!1(L5JQ1WTR
FV!R#@#+Z
D;9
4$$H WB)R1L
M\#N:K9@M222@E
4\KR[3;B



QG)!$3H#&^
&-&.S^9
8(R2N\6
MY^/T+






M&_;7I:;FZ
)F@E(Z=*/?




]&=-PF.VTLE'
M

T84J=%H=\QSV6
6_(59
M%QA_E;7-OKM1G(\T&KMA%(NJ'/ JA]RV


M55T@U7 7PK\S?4!54;.Z-#*'1:OI$!E=75)%1 IND4E@5=9Y 67%IT/.A8

C431)(0BX\T$?+O$PK&B+1F%\*J03D/G]-\0M$!QBT+OBGA
MNW:DAN^*BJB9^: *.8\NCF1P


2!^


MQ\-

M2BR3'(%0@%Q\C)!-:XFMNM3I7C!BT-:\9YH/PG4X^G


F/':M%D2
M-V9$WW,O IK<B@HFR<HJW6F%\JE*X0]69Y!EMII=G?Y0I8UHF)&X(DB1MI4

MD8 4&*G?!N.BNI7HA1*G07A@_LXQ1;&(!;FT98)P4W%+!Y

M:LCKRZ/
*8^GE3S)?6)3\5FRXVB?CC.VM'!U/#'

M=.NX:+%SA9;E
PFG TW7$^-#A+.5X
0




WNHFI*HO

EJP'B%^%RU=;6/DNUY$82-H2[


M
WO--@]9L+ J:ZNH$(#RY=1^MN4U&GP9)JI1J^R2HH9Q=EOC)++ZKRO][K#M




T9U^7S6[JCN8?E\O


M$'C3%X;!'=8XYU@[0FA!Z]N-\.W1*$L+G[E-X?M6(%ICPLT2&$TA#PQRXYCC

=F.&NRB#ENCDE3_#!4]D#B63*1W6*@GK&T2[OA0XD[8X:^*]
M'




UATV64#-HF[







M_Q=IX!;%*
(6=Q5M[A#H_H)J0VS[=#=/Q+#/=\=8R#D9_HKV%N0]B
M@IX8)@TSY\CFH9F:GY!SB*(])Q-AJ5&7L(B2&)'UJ1-Q7F!X^N?'B+;VV07;

TX:C*^;GX)YE

-+ %0+ W&-KW)FZ2UT?AK04U)L7 [6T5&_E


MW8J[_3WF1?]4]\GQ



X]4:]'/@
'K)Z67YL*S%^
J-V]P7ZJJ<M^IZ4/K59G8#7;WC[.



I4
3M*L \%1@;(H4$3HY+^^$];\X;00]GI9)(!P%



MECT$.*7XEG12



#S%(%7T BV\
JY)G40N+A!21]CY#
MVB)\$?KVIQ96WN-E#V3]+T[_DJ)2?.F^^3WK!J9^*HNM_1W^Y:4UY98LFMQ;

Z]



(RYR%BTX.JM'
M:Z'S4G*HT%)@VA&GD]= HW/K1?8\F
PQP]-D#PXTH?*A=8L'\RQ8R?X%7


VL+&9]V0-W=
M3& -0_O7*0(Y7^+,T(G('?;1'N&) ^JNR$SHW(=!=#]Q3L8H:8$'0(P&;G






B0NE(


U.A]P9^73(LIRYBLTM



HV3S
LQVK#QBDM5
)T1UKN@A$U.&Q







MS+=/6EA8!&J5:L'%&5M-]M12MDY@GHC?X'







.B)
)]
M(\
!L_BR$70#AF1(R@ZC+R.\2VKC+1_&P A#(T#=IZ&!FX:_H*(4X3RAJ!U
M-#C,@]--^RUGNR@K8G5G0L?M7.UAGCD$]7D$!7!E8'S_2%2HP9=C$/@NR5W



MU2

$8?M&.L&SBR*PKN&ZT?8;6Z

M
8?YDG

/'








MY&:9(=#**




M1Z&F4/?&Q/F%6%O4HO

E

Z)

M



LUNRQQ4O:1JPDSKX+[1






F$J3U-L
98)(
/U%J6


;MK^E&QON]\R) M/&9I1'+49



S*
M%\ 84B]U;8 
0A3ZW9^S]'(:K9:!
D@ZL-87C$[CR#GY7%%*Q;8&@6(
U#
&\<QL\K 18O&0$3XC-] WJ6IU [/.7;'




0$N 1%%
6%D

MLNF76#^2 D0/(36-X )(QT1C?R49-

M]:3Z0&A)&H!B *6@5@]@2P=AAAWD
@1'X97E@N[#O7PQ*L0;TEUI?,K9,
M*RS8FX6@H44:8)V_\TR&^3:9@I!PXX7S& &%9-59P7&UG(-0MT;)2 1#_L2




R@PXIQ[Q],C/N7TV/,!BI![A9O3?98
M:2H'U]QI!;4=+7\\LKBX?(7[A:JGP_K5 KE\-$\FNU9]B<!N2#% 1@D*$






MZ^%VRV]2T[.ZETYY&UU*.-UTSO9RU-&Y
E*R8HS5+Q 6](.F=T7BFC'S
MR^&R=)4N5'F?$^YY;N2UN
J*+(B 7QKGRBNEJZ0$

T=



N!GQ


M#1!HIOI@IGHX;/5[O=W.=($E\T9AEA=C7$EDL7Q%CT6PS C9F:*X+H*YRFK5





=4NCF8JU^
9L




M]7:
HI1EQK#;



%:O&
7G#=BX [/7
@18=F.PE;-Q!X.6KC?'@DHVKF[

W



(@!$@F5P55L7:CM.QU5B;;CINL

-UF!0WVFJ




@5XR\HR H4WLZ#8/O[@1.7-XS4?(#(B/!\C4-

MV'8]A@W+'UK:O1RRZX]O.ATM+MG[0=S:+4ZG0X^BFN_K=T^8,&N)SN5[4



M@V1U:%
MV\9JR54&)F]?T<0KUWMK,:]13ZUN^.B#FNWMX=6Q^SV!V9KZS[OL[L8KI@<




T2QV/I[( C
?


MU+(S15H9V?8YF7T=*-35_FC+DH)Z]/::+^WUVZ=9 [&E]ISF@.'-I%W-W
.6
M C[-R:]').#=[^%U01]J$1_I'N[5 J[\'BZ]0HU2!?8T$L&6&:?S*U6S6F:_
M5T:ET/%=2=19Y IFD;.%:]7



][#=;OV6M
A_
'S/N!E'
&=U36LX5(@08SM\



%[Q





MS1R



OVCTBF$4]2#SH=RQP
BDZ*


P4KU!#U


ILWA%7GRU99OU6TB70+W4DZ]]3I2KL

+JO

D?]T;Z8O^\
4RG[


.9E0- %4DW+*L:@) 7=[\^'IW:WR[^/O%
MQR]7QL773P;\\ON/JT_&U?_[=O7U]JIB





OY
9]!SC2N3$ OP#




M $]



MB.?HQGL04LK'^7$$8:B'*\D)E/53(WPO?(3PCOS-V)_-@+@P\L=_FAS-\BM
M]$H078Z%')OS)!1V::?5F-@O$:@&HA)PY8U*^#/Z/7\+?G6?
!
?BE3 1]'

6^?\5ER[J6K(X?Q6

!G90]=_ L!V=2F8Z-

3
!\89'C(4 +DS@_/JD4+PEJ4SZ#$0C\SBP/#S0.G0*?[8#
MO


MJ:\B:ZU*VU E=U:L;I)8Q#?YS@'8-PBG7N[P3MJF%$^-VYUMO2A)O:UN%:%/

.A2DZZ\XS_LCTX1KU@-4F77SV#
^=YVI=81?@K

M;T/G-059C\)=K



M@RD-JE@/7P:!



AK


5 _R=





#ZUV'JFT/4VWHFMRJ:@&[1#B


76*)09U&%K0ZKWOFM:@

NNJ.RREQF5E%WMSVI_=D+)E'+N_4OOO[JS?QI7#'=2

M-*

'ZM]K[*7@H_K@M

MIRYS3W]*?YN4@78772SUO?4BI^M9LO:GFG[/5'74FLUV
S[%%J^XXBWN[C

M46[/J1J@

J(XJ8.
FT9JM;^K_=T1^[L3


M(KZ*R


^Y$RD9O0L!*UP
MALD(MJMSH6FUGAS'Z!C],2'& 7(2!_:]3!U?@OC2-RT?'LXU'&Y;J!W.?
M
MBINP@HA8N3!X$Z@S;1'/?_OA]I/MN-0X2M@:@T_D$MH&M=RS_NQ^IU&/A$


C4L_C



A./4)

BSD0AG6'
? S
M1-L':XJ#
+9AH?LQEIA&$L)DWC;X^.R[20H






T19A1Z
MOV3L5XA4H1;(4U.BBNQY
F7

[C1NQQ K

BQSS89G\P9./63)
J+UBHK
F92D;.= 
!SP@]C11
MSP/1B.R?G%[.$Y5BNRD#$_U=3&PH'3
_TDP]L0TA!MZ%B4DC
5&4MJ0[@&;+






7F?DZR5L;W(]?LM1MLSDE]\J-
MZMCK)(+(YMAK.=9:7896GVG)IE@^^AK/=JC=G!$U= 46#5$4=8B/#IAY =H

M.K]5Z

MFE



M(.8S]D'DD7$NTKB&

T\D.20\CBNYAQFT!9\MBS
]M5

MMX$OVM$=5
(#V=F[L\-!WDGF6+!+ZQ77*ZY7?/PK+LGLKCM
O-M:O][Q8@DH


M/
W=6HYR5

X[
M[FE6[]N%CRZEW-=5U=++745O9.:+=/XE;RO:+TGI)JGPJ+SU!?=WW(7$6J



<7J
_&O(L1!'/OEWP9!_*YV0'$!E3N2X&N


69
V^6L&.1<%V;L)*\N.[/8UWYU$OWFB(!-=LU^#Z:[DSJ#9/LI!
MJ94RLW BJ#5LI0\R1]VC5+%]'2:/



)U\



MUE@@ZV[76G!;8+C6[=P[DT:C%L49BV+_9YB%GJFLY\RTH*Q]4:/?2 AOLG 7


M]V5'C3


M#^- W$POM25^YU5=^F$44F'31^S=_F:_S(07A7?PX(\NK.H__O?_PBWP[^IQ

E]MH6?!_D4\_
M6^U&Q_JW_Z M5J1WL=R.Q






MPU.Y#P[T:-Q*=S0B4/C/WT7=R+P@*D$FS9C^RP;O:=.$$;\2WP-7E/C(OX


J1\'T@'2FZ\])W+



N&-@+@30BDL!/X,-
M-QR2*\?%=@#O#5&X8<+(A$6A$7L4R*%:X*Y&J!;X (3.0+' W&*$+TPD'6A
M?TJ/!E1LLQ 6I('
00($C'+)&$FOB# T#S[(S07P)J)&OX=_BO:3PCL@HB

[R2;





MZ$!!R878  /Y+Q!:


B A:K.!2T
MCA.J

MQ3=.

*K/!&-)K&;K(GS84/.!Z:.A_1
M




]

_7C1\RB$LGR^ 3&*G\72Y.0/151FOA61)&;
MY+CU+ C?7&




MN8%'

C9J9IC5HZS
%=AYAW+D2?/IP4YX_$BV?U*39)!K#KP14:1YM$

5+B!@#
M19I \5% Y@L0
G. MTT#7DTD(

D V2#DCI B;RMS'AA^+BJ
<]CD,&J<^\
M7A'IDKHJI%YLUR/%+N#+GR



%
@4VZ/X&8F4$R_H.
3TZ<WD'C<[V'V!_9PD5$+
L$%@I$ZV4SAN46['
MQE0V'N

*64HY)D/_)E

@

K)?%DLV:DM
M5BLI&H1G/]==IS0Y2+(P4E'0:RX(2+DVAN(1ZC0(8.[WAP%:IF$:+Y).\


MNQ7?2]K FR'_;+6/

)Q(V4

ME;9+1;EV^(@0 O?J[2F[!CZY!D0Z.9F+%4F+M44J?@6T(JT
6R.?=%@HMD
MB@

=
 U_.F6==@CJ9B(B$<RHX=*\5(4

M+/







;

9!$1
9(+IC.9;C.







E)M@

4UA4LIZ_K
V_V%A81HZ
M
/R+_;\*O7+X2[XZ42X'&0[_Y=XR[G=+YUYD0S]U
F9GR&?CE



TI=T#](*C'0)!JY!LTL)



19F\P
'N=



MPPISPT2L

3[V=@FQ3.HS%





M
(&?E=N?YB^3[H#I0:689/6 IF#-;




('EF\I$P2
2))+3A
4GH9@3K#= ZP1M\\JKYR$

7''/ OLVI&*J![\ !9=CESV0SE4




Q*#J9%#5L+87DT TGE0.X+TD8X\B;#45


PGKA%K
X$F4





MT0\

MYM$C
0.[8R





/AH^\R?KV*0V3EKP0R#QXP8:GM)K314M/I=4JU2*=Z

MEFWMTA;.%G]HQB+
\BXQR]JX%[7.1+CQ_%&XRV:N$PMY
M=T



3

M\ H;&:0\G@7V#HM)P^8:3


J

J*)5(8X=TODOKGP@KM079ASW:
M$_ZR$X8Q]3))5'1









U
M[-5NKXKRZ;?
0=\R1Z.#R.=HC^-'&S%71O$&7;/;[9C]5AT/5U(^_:YI#3MF


=()0@-KJ(.RZ*S*P

MQVCA238)4+D(YH&0[8H
_I T+8_U%RH?V90CVR/1)A')/,A0%9W-ERU!])

MQC
NYH'C&IT687OWLAW9JJ
8?X=_90X28GJ&:A[V-V$6NN36VFR#Y/8J[(

&3P0V*'NA
MDH??OZ1?)E+@KS/#GR



0'(S)='
M@O:,_[*!). Q(]L/C/=83&98@P^OS.J):'BRI*M


K8)PX13C*/
M^ J2L24

MK;IZGV7FO=TPV+WW( ?2'
6F3(@V%-6OM+ZG']85D:2 (-J9/RB\7J6\F3]2
M?[6NKIE-D7R
6XR3V5*\&]30K5!./6Z QPRPG1J\)(]+8ER-D'=N*%M(9B+
MN2\3'!0#_P..Y 7^/O=AYS7\:0/53%=2 A(1

MKG29-/0)AP8DOX

0I;%%N
MPI8QEDEXWT*P$5H)/3;#R;.X^-1&I&-/_RO IWL?ZUEA+X9=/,,Y\#A\'
M]_:?\!97C@L[AFVB2?N*.)YX-PK^R7SK4?UK50GE6?0ND%H]J:!2C87DZ7!
M0@M&\?


/JF/D36C)SRR\Q[HJ
+SQG[3VG

MD<YSYM\)<U8Z:3!Z31D?:K_Y3P8[C$#T.2/&Q8(QFK2ZS8/X46W,_P_L5
&=H\G$IV'FLQ_6PH$<P7@^EQI


= 8#,$X91/1K.(-[#]C8S#K
/G*^O=:'WXU;AT\S$U?ECO,!. O8[


M
*P



I G&QY

MYMZBVI9F+8KF'Y;26_$]UHYB(/+)C^^CYQ&\+M/R0]$J_8JF[F@\_T7!^S

CP)
N
FYV'0N02K2.=Z.R&$7\4QY=F50Y?0 (VW&1G[SM$8;7+&\
FL6J+CM7FUZ6!;_/=R_FW570T22-LRF5UR_Z+V+,;.
MN74%7-DNPJ4/CO3&RMAL(RQFV1ZY+R/@V:=#FUYKWDB


M=E_XM+#[O%J!L-4OEH'[8+/Q&.^%9,W&GR2!MK6($6;\ CY-26E&

MVYP'#@A3;?/?.GRYJ_7GQK6.^ [P-A_]DT_B;QEM$7 HE@6YS(3TQ#\H7
MZ_ 











21+']8G'16V0*&B4!$(
^.$*KHT8_=


M;[[;C.#M[C(3:-%-N74B=\L'8?[(' TLL]W?!=S-03

[RQ<:!S(EM@#69UND.S.SK9F_!M<0II^'@E8O0_S3H


COMHN')KNZ?ZC+H^A!9



PW6*B/GQ1?ZQDMTR&J&&C4.*
M5TVP)U;CQ2_/6:?YXG*Q1L@+I%+M+]@N9T@.S;&<$*<]LM@H[MI;
E3HM-K

MWJUEY*2&BEUKUFYTOK8)_^8@:QU]@NJ+AGVBS5
[O#EMFQ]M8M57
_?6EO

A2HX)]W %LL;2.AUST!Z8W6[1Q-6)W!*MP2*K:W9[




!7



(?'

\6:++GR

MD?@NQL)YHD]7-L6.=$+0I0A5:?;P



MVM-9+W&#R&D;-2DWM[A?9+$
=AW]-C#^DM!W(NG::K&T3N;NY@;HAGVD]U A








M?_/0K2A4O%2 #_QM;5V X?C2F\;\=85VOKQ.D!8.7=7.U\ND'YP%%A59&C


MNQ$

MI4Y@WGWIU@Z


PL.%PR?6[AM]8(WA4(




;+O&C*F7$7%2

M;_MG;Q (O1;OO)[NW(#I;+_R#5=A41QSDO=+&K[5N?&:;3MF&]4![8EK)9W%


@YJ1
MJ@[

]ZA$KIR^*0VV-4XKV\#-I:E-=C)9T

M0P@\ND5S


XAQAYV^V98PWG7 MEZ

\^YTLTVIUS$YK%Q-5ZV:S-U[::X_
7J^U+]:7



V



&QQ&[#D

;O]

M^#X&MC

MPK8I[UHU'=6?OO)4;J\]NM*QM!?6;DYEA&#!7QLEE\V)GA=?DH)G@D&N=?

MD(_Q4 J;X?WV)T_JQS#6W;%D]&^G1[EI+JA=/,HMR+W=+-I6#EJM].%JDC@
M;G9S.B$U[^':6\(]B0^T3U



M)WKN0Q



!0]&


UF&A+DNRJ
FL)Z/=V^




MO[J0IWT7!I
@G#J?P'[$X@!?CKY'T=R+H]M)VE\9?FI;3G8NCSI$+\A/TZ21


ZIT!1J$/+O;!1=:=W*^VEI2E\XVA]8''


MG9=F?1RETZ3.R[2V!E'*!#YV!$U(??(T]-**2$FA8'H6'8FVA$?P=_5%2%2C





BJV ?



-

M BXZ0#
N=E;%MXD9Y<8H
ML2:PYO5Q-H. ?J)PY$9H/. <V#SEK7-^*^[55#OH<'XK[I*:&L9;M5%!=*\T
M4;P6*O\I#Q$# .JOR2AFX40NU


2_;X[@WUWD=)K'RPI]!%-@A E?S\X/R_A'P!M-/3'5_ ] 'OL
MA/C]74S&*;S$=ILD$!,+,?Q94EP5SRK^%_8B
2K%1[)TG/A$'PHG_X6.S_1




V1=W0FHJ ]
C/



61)5


+G



1H3
/I2/FW)

/ZJCW

5DI2G%:$0ANHW')A
M.&[H'HG'W)W




M]

MJ%CUWOP^E=(SK2(J978_=1

MJZ*DVZ*DL!8E/1_]*1NB9MB=T:'\ ^JYT]D^JGY2W-_VJ'K-'M(EFH5HY'8W

M[W*TC?/X7.BJ+KW[




M%HP(XG#+I?2;ZB^5.




MVI7=N]%?%Y





TY
MV.;)G

MUEBI[F

M;9[=X@8+M*LF1PJ(=^)3 Z86Q=H4T3)9%4)'#%$J;6GT]8!VLLY /=.RZ;W3
M=C).&RTS9\?GW93R[VSF'M95C+U?.XG$@=UW3-FM*.V^!/AN&\O4N6V_T\).

M4*])X';BO:7P=HFUNX+B
^37NIW


NB


Z'N[HH

M/]JB2:+%'*=O/1%;LS
H2& 





MN


MTJZN9]U982N[4/8
VY.SP1W)6;R7SIIFP@
^0\


+%H#Y[0(K4A]Y[9=N%$'TDFV

@7*2


'<UY)O

_


MDX#]N)0O=9U+E'#(3X*B1J
$W=[ I'[J=1:#Z7'N.?$_.X4.EZKA.&T=X+$P










\49P
+OU;P)0R7?.
D;C+T$PKA N4%5-M8PM

FRK!O

RH3+'OU^0#VCPP'88CJ?878@Q4EY0RM)1;3)RJ^HM!5V3

1(4?QRC9!X XD!6X/$9T*AGI=
TZ(







M53=LW:H!(WGH:MTO3O0

M23.L!N1)#M@Z$;2\3UM:Q



K *B<(AB;7%LS8
M$K[/AB?O12Z1W6! 707AU+E'8)G/R];.6S./3<74MFV /1/S@94Y=]PP=-DV
M[$J@KLDI?.ER- KG*$^4BJD7BJ[)BIFO)L4P*5]X*8^<%%LQ-),7O'RQ*:NZ
M;JFJ4H./RQ4F#)EG-]DE@
EC]&J.)$M7=



M!8&**9NZD=52.31C5?#8+^59MBG9B-X:\@F;0%(7;.1X]61=T K:IM4'G_


M$=B5)


M3-@%4LW+*TFPVI:W87I5O&
GZ;:D6)O.0W'\TE#0190-C53QKPP%_)%]EYII


DQ5@RYY
MKOL$G]V87#^=!.&K$XZWFK8



Y0E3)\E
E

M!$]Q%'Q](UY\0_%S



O(@



(.ZP9*F]^82P-PQ/C?-(/BY6CZ3=L(8X)3+).KGVHSB<
MDWP34H;FX=GQ4S!N I*+@L:)54IRF 8BK+.MTT W29L;<E6VX$MFR:&T'5L


]&RDPS2.2CH]_)^J2F\*R
M!I)%NX62J3F!6TY-J .U5GO@G"7)X(!N]2IX5X.3L_HG1?.BFT7;W;'-+

MOO5V4;JT^LD
LC8M






M!+DOY+@+/ADES;&]/AT/()@-'5G1#%E2LT )


O\+/




X7Q\.$






M;G]G;9ZM+_\JO#J1X/JC()P%X%:C


IA23


MX&W#F0 K=W;#-SC6QCKVS@:NOD*/(2&

MY.(__LI_$OY/0JJK&&?CE7(3EN'*:-W @(^9J?FX95#ZP*&)ZPYT*PDPV1


]$X7;QI_!NFPY:/KE=^0R$!YB+
@?=!

M]IO@469A


MP





\$:+Q ^
M.T0I@N2$SR2.#X*(J%-B3$WF(3XN /Z-'=?#XJPAHPKWV^P)?SR7^\QT.YO
M^/_AX_\'4$L#!!0    ( /U$:U(&_U7$*A4  &_T   1    8V5L:TR
#(P
M
3(S

M?-F24CBA@(U?/'+_/IK@.\ 5*R'#'#3-7


G3<;]ZQX:SK]:<[@6O@
MI#

?^8&7='[Z
M]



O&Y('762*T29HLD'?/NHXJBINXCHV]PC:LIJ1Y_HB

M3U\G;X

+.\L?B41(0Z\N3 R126T;+.QX-6$@G][3VWXDNIL#GPK] \8CPJ[
MIG4G\%H'E


O+&(QSD[#?[I*

MD;F7U

MKIOS^KJ)'J)81


P3QD^UX@8OAAS:[Z4_4
MK_VYJDV4_F2H#$?Z8*9.V6_M6KFZT]7)2-?;J)DKY%E@\=.


$QMD




MM7^ECL'^VPGME4/

#YU_:B+!*X$\\1T_I$D=:(
=4/O4R4['2GS_N=V#KC
*CMT

M2\R8I$O4
W<F?'
M2]0V1^DBSA[ZD2M?B'/WH_SPV:U4?92DRVHQ7R17B! )1]F[5F.:R=IE<16+
MY=@*(7$FI==J?//)HBS$A352E,^$B)A+)K4:Z33E$4X5R)'5HB!PPQ3JP$M
M2BAEX974R\$6@N/BM%.KP2_.


M=


M1BLM(\JXY*9YKDRN'6&E(TG#M'G2S4/(O3MEE7*@A24+'NB66W(FQY6SYH)R



6\.P[







+)
+)394R CGN0DQ;C'N[Y\:24S.Y

+PZ
]&OK!']HY.VKLN ].KR$LG9\PL;GF#;]^*2%W)#WU=O3^RPOG;@I\9]
MZ'6L(]MR$C:D5O*.6F?WXH7
[




M:&P8DW7RM$7LYFFDR#VO2=M866


M'3IKI#G4E6


M3JUMBBP3'VVC5,C,TQ=6 -\?806T9






3/_E7-DR;Z7J.4+Y]=LXA-$'GQWWL
M95BJ_L2K(

\


M90-[[[\)\(6N!YO_P



[:6FAE&KFV'T@DZ-P:;&:L*E9G1S@PG=A$D_
MV&BNP3GU_/!
-X!SRW]6<W07=O.(\L)A'I-
MZS/*W[EUHU_I<F&2(\51C,G5HW%H^$YV))PF!76,NH(&ZLM.$!BQF.3F33
M/9C1\)9Q,\HIFGKY

;(JD)YHZ9R @:ZANF7WX/O5AP??3@_E_8
M\.=.UA?





M*J$AO_5 C\B2WNGI19[UIJ#RSCPXRVB
.4J0M6WLV+(5IGO47L=NKEJCW
M8TET5BW1V8\ET9MJB=XT5Z+KP7L.Y0P3=.+]C;B!(E::)$Q+B&\?C9/'R
ME!


9XK
M.CB'OSID^1'^S3



:+P_RYL&5'IS/
MV
4L=CR;P^?0
5@*AGKV$.C3+=?LA';8Q%Y]DG2IA;MR^.!/:]?YA,O%!E


I:]HX )(]W3CFF9=31O$#B-.MEJ?[0PF47-I;+5@!




*?

(GYSF
?H\_N.$:UI\=;B
7[3MSD?_X






)R2OYUB_6S7*$@&P=(

7
B
MS/HC2CS7\6MA8E(V I!


]!)CVQ_?=)-S](2+9+AK31KY-%6@/O$\05 7(RFC4#
M\M\XWM)\V: @1C%6P12;NFBXC8C1&\0QP(+7Z:
1T)

MC0 9(^S8I?(IMVI(;2&V_

MK42OQP!:.!#_W-P3F@S78=B9C9L.W6%0N 0M1


MG

AY%

MH@#).X JG4! \@Z@UG


MB=)/D9_$^3?I




MH9XCD9#!=/*3&IV 6-9.485J VF^R6JKP0HA5=E1AZ=:G:C.X?B


\L!)A M!.;^













[/S0)@[#
E]0Z$C4UFZB
6D%'OD/7E+1&Y!(N#V
MRN!S!*%5/:&DBJ)+.8'RT

M\N*TEG :L%[T4U :H861JEX1!BL*SE+C=I*CFW2GX1:#P+F&$Z!P&_.=
2$0



]=%5+(.WK)\\Y






MX' V/PJW]\EJZ^=CF#_CQ51 -6N\1 61BG:J'*%-A%Q/LIY1;@54E8Z+4DQ^

M&TC




M579)8C$VJ:9V'Z!+.(^:QV+86Z7K1&E-NSSLJC37M/*@A@)%8N@@F
(
%
?0
M











7V?FQ#;M=1,%W\WY\;P;CXWR0P;7/1(C?EJW[8N/M5W)/I
MPL3Z'YK6]\'5N
4AD



1DVYM


%5O)L
M0&S$8CZ8V(-ARZ
S$=_N??I^.1.;?SH^QXYBU^M!D)[^*88.D
M/)0U&4YO36,Q^+7- 9G*L'?//6I7PDCYJU20/1P28LUCM&1^IZ:J/;QDD<_+
M3I:1]*]F.<!!=P MD\Y
HSSUEH0YY4%*\-I&IR:DW8C4WM['Z
_MABX^51*
4EZUD
M+1V S=(7$4C*NV9)3 ?86-F
WG\@(;045
[ASY_G625#D.7Z<
MVN+-QI=<6R&C5%T(54=;$O;UU=MWQ]^FLIAC7QH]@33&H%%=NU5'5UR6)465
MG1;M0 H8A#Z(2B/!=0Q=./_RJ&0$2K/I)8(-7HE?/(0K?*:JOR4.3N':3C
MT G*L':#3<*)F%2UR^4KAGHW5 




%@E*&IZ0%0Z57VW

)6N$$<];-$)34*8M&X2=J<118J*S!YB'DK172O;A:G2AT






MV45]GQD7.+*PMEG:1V
5AXB?J85.-N8NHD+.
751A/B96LODGU/O*$SG

M  #@8 ( %0   &-E;&@M
C R
#$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;.U=6W/CN)5^WZK]#]I.






2#:CQ[QM(288J
M7DLXL/[2]!8@
+QI*T?2^C::';4_XA0_RF#E*,9\=#-8'GMPN=2*LU5$@)K
MY]




MJ!L([6?'==$'##2DO86#]

93
M'3(YUKBO(I6@7_P([
86&RMG V(6-3S
!X[YX+A(/6QTI/)B%BOHV5NYF8M/







*M6$8UT48\IY[(-6KSQG
B


+*#A9F.;C*;8J3H$;!MM?8COCY*R[N17ZI\W/]SNP2)W 0/^Y
M(\\U'X ;?_M^4[BH[*DT&?IX_44V)MR^Y!?NY3F;\%O9EO.)2V9XK]:T M1


6%$I

MDCA&;0'?!W9L=QN-FHD#HM*WPMG,+MI)+!#'RN0[::LQZ^P00]+CYR126
M)^%L%(

M=OA1'&)





H.$+6(L1.Z

ZQ
MTDL3A\3OEQH6^''DXU_#&=1?@&\Y ?IS_(=1G*0UP)EEW52.5I[EGK=-=;D4
M(QHMM*X
L897WIXKV_8;)CHCHJ*A$-J*DY9I*ZE=;2DN;$I=Z@^2B








E7B



M Y5&U#W;1V0




MWR5V1M9C6!F(N54J5N

M27\4&Z/Z4*HE2GP\*P
VMWY-[WI3U^QY82-4XF6D]#'L3)Y98W$5N&SE^V



MW%O4K)18[)K-Y[C9H)%8+$BE,MD)H]!E?.;26)9Y6QG4Q/981M/S!$K#0R

_3-TM;*

BND.J
JVQ[]


]@V



)VQ N
FIOG')?

N8FH*M5 &PWB_@TVEL7?GK

MDFHKYZ

\JXXNR./
MFI-MDJ_B=:''7\(JIJZ!U$IJKX0<\JIVF8D F75!AE&MF;6.1_U<AE^I4D&







1H%\E

KNY-*#_@7*Z1-+^5:4MMFKRJ0

R.XBQ6&3S


:G]7= .%?$(MJ



FA:#TWKH6D]-*V'ICVLV?1A31E[N^ ZI$!




)?BNL4JD4?+Y56\6N

M:I2:OOGHA*8;XQT]N
XBOIP3



DG]F3=

G.T6LHSQ@2OIH%XC14(!FA[:A?T.3)7
M]'K*L\4!G\
'IA1?=P&81^[ F5/VR#RUCYB[/2&(1E^ST8N4_WPTW^]]E)@$






M$D


M)Q.GN)%S&$
J&QP26&SD[!_7@;_-U/ZYF06
TM\+CO6EL))T^5FP

LJ7U1QM9(AJ^ESRAZ!


+J9Z(FZ;F9/)TDWPGUO&(N


M2U+QIB[7\
5FJ:A)FFYVS



M)W@NP$OLFM[07+'B
IE2:EOM11(I%R3;8&2ZX??*-10_*=)HL=(5]PY5T[O*
MYF]I;FHU:N/UVO#P'0.TD&(@YV@UI@;E:56:BE
4=V[(#UK-66@:/02.[9C^



M:#YW+$H




%U+&1' MP[RQ%8V
11$DF6A$2HX)P\?3-8CDT'


M^I&/E*+2M1\%J4 *$3=Q@FOZ855L(N/$F]@3T4?3B.-%^/F?W=OC24+.EFM
MOX2^B= [GNFO8WMH#T\ 2&5(GR+;39M

U F5?B/M4Y</<GL)K=V5






M?N6IJS!E)64@;A@;';)WGH\ZU\+#+]B#M0#'E(MS8PF5%8)Q[@)')2I\CK

:; 8FD*AM#(Z535<QJEWU5*'W*]
MK:(53?F9(@T<0RWJM9






HV\&D
G-<76
M[9!I5O.DT9-ZQ594]^$%P@NRQ^9EO@: 5T$QLL$'\N+DGJE0)I(T4
 _HB



DFI/B@PYE0LBY^$R;_B1JS1T:Y2A<B9!BL^!



$%     @ _41K4IH]
MQ\0S=   W:L& !4   !C96QH+3(P
C Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6SEO7MSY#:2+_K_



?Z?]Y# J

G[]]^^Z6(OFH:G[5@GB7X#B\1,_/G<KLF*UBK*OZK\]
MYW@I5B;)\^\H_W<I?B(]'M$/_40_]/9'^J%_JO]\'3SBYM$*0GVI';]U)-5
M
WWG6ME;G
=9=)F.TWK([4E]




M]N=%/$*I^4'G#WEP?HY#H-D]B4NF@\PZTB+JVF_&VI-N69YHWJ0AQK[:XKO
MPHS,7NOR-*E:NF)?YME*JT+=2)F&\-?DL95;M2CYM,2 'EF.Q:=6'5HUPJ3
MEJRU6R6$F@9].#W]=/_5_^Z2H;]1PO_^]^]V0MUYB;+R^?9BOCU,/B(5X\X
M%U@H(G(%$KF#3IXAPD*HUQ 
C1#4E^EM%ZQ$2EYL\6V
I&/H_NX*!2*D&

^Y@2'*R'Z?*9

M&:[U7X9#MO[SKP_D XOE+


MK6KK6L1DWL&CUVT(G9H8M=3 G$^[XKG\?1.76[KKG*7DGX76EX7#HC(_6[

PM^$WDE!YQ)/4C6[&.*(P.!&
MIAD_H5$ZQ B!.:19%


!)3@L&04KTA


Z
MOWM'A4(I+B8@_V)IB=-.!2QFG9-63NGF
KR#TX)='&!_
M+6:;\CG+X[_CZ%
:X9S-2(LU_9U.1L79]O(+SL.XP+=Y'&+9S##IEYSNBD[7
M5+W]U
-_QOL8F=XV[LRR)D:







ST





MR5!!?I58D:


M$8ZK

*U6B?W[VWNMRG?@&(0*

6[.[1V1HU7FCT48



:&[DWR5HKL3?1&5=U1H

\2T6+&N*IH[]=!0:#5\\4Q

M5T;F:12_Q-%&^KBVA

MGE?QNG)/2T+K

.#4498);L2D+F&C4K:+&A$=
M&- HE).%P![*_X@CWV5Y%[+_X@B7\5M-YA8:@@5U[PW[XEX_F?W[W[]@VT
Z<KE.*SG&JJZ;=U
M2TSL4^[E]BD<;N*5.OLVG9_AM&Y0IWX_=F*:/(;EW7!.

M'29


MV5P@%-%X1XQ&

DD(WPES_CK=0ZCLXM
B1J]J$Q

M=O
MSN.
S'?115J^GM Y[KCA6H.$= C @4%D6923%3$)(R($7W H\9T22B
MVEPEP9/ L

$A^P4$N

[7656VDN4YUWD YUDD7VIJN-RBQ
B$
M/G4+(P9**G!%X]UI

M]-!7B6@! 4FIH-0[M3PT @H  (G.Q_DY\9)/62[?2QM0N8^'.!7YD*@E 002
MD5Z*P(C

MGG&2Z)#3)W+L4@0*#CQ*AP(0/ 1JR?P)I02 !:+!BJ[KLO W5MFM6&S*H@Q2


 1
M@L(3CMIHD)]'%GG*S 6 +AIZ-FH.E0^H$
IZH8

^+QC;X2RW.6^MA97MMR]



M6@=_83V)51C\$0@&:8W
E



Y$2^[)
M84I%SU V!:XGU].LD8
2*JB)Q_X-/BJTQYL 3TEA_LBDK5^2**0G(PH-/K

=49\48GS
M%2HPB=)HHEM4\\' QSPMB;XQ0LK.\@4?_DE3#8TT_=#ED6?XT2^?6/ZG87
MS-R8_NZ8G@\











M45@Q 
/RB
MH_D%7L9A+(L?31A=8M;<DY
]5Q@D&FLJ@J

MHTCU$V^GB)8E
'C2VG6[R-)V EH6NVZ(0\L/!FJ*UV
X\M..BL;.NPWR


O8P


&!P
MCQ
B\VF61A^#_#=










MC^*4VMT\-$*
PFFYR:5QO*4
CT@S
T^!0;4 X.@T4EZ*VWK)0/'[2 OK[(O?


$S^3M&3X3QNZ_I750@6V

7R
M/!PME]O'T8Q

H_!@AQ%F
-]K -O:SEN#=
M(^ZEMFP6CUM)*&]$G9Y368BRPWV




5%9!IB8%YJ^?D/8
MU+_ 

(W&UH[?['DBBYI)C-[
2ZA-M;(+@9M98 !YTC%
MAZAMQ*@DM.\S] IM 5DXC0U6#6A6LJ &;I!&PE -JK;6.4!SQO2\RIIPC3

E1-@11*BABM$BZ3

$
M-$.8:\MMC)

M!AG@=


M +3&0.
Q3G0?&<8.XB
MU2$$^ET?V!JN7BV82O..[X.98(SU=2T7E1D!?269@;X3I!3H%#7R(:)_GEJN


MHLSCD.8H4G5FGX


BW






MXP3W['K(#N-RIO^LISL



VYUU6+%#
<KHA/59;&\QH'X25@5O:L=M3$]H]!6
MUD4)I2)+<]*&295@!.2,:)Z&.=7M E?_V]F<JLR:/;.; 0X?IK2TK#!:Y6&




8X*6KW]
M/DCP8GE#+RMJ=W0-^!RG\YB9

MA=8H#W_?Q#G-%B%S0;F])9:4)#BB]^_6@A(\8P0XA:2U83UL&G-#VS2SUIP#
M+5'J.:CJC:UK7A;BXH9QHM54K?E#=EF07OY

I)*0@ J@T


E/U2-L
-
LG=XW5BSO

ME027T^H(T[KSJ04[%'2.5YUW;C&9-]=!TA3/9?BMIU/RURI%.MO)@8'FWD:7





5:NGI$HE(Z'GBT< -WYTS<A4DN=;

MM&7@C5B=%HRR
*97/LJ #TRT9J$L5UJJPXJBN B3K-CD8)*ZYVF)Z?XG?823


M(?Y8=A]HHYNT\D.7OC :K)'$?^N

M/Z7Q



M\*//1 !J)!S0O4ON$M5*R'RPA


&HF

+OY


;
Z:NW_27MJP







DPGE1J4@S6\U]F 6_
MTSKDMF;UBI&;
H-!H*W&7%GRA\7YG_^TN+ZXO+O_5Y;Y\O +#'S.TS!;X8?@



B

?.MV=QJR.LT
M;K
<XBDOZ7_+80\[A
M.++3J3X([&3D8 FUU$0UNTXNKW*#$0;-&GU=*(_@_-&7D)$KH(
EQ F/&Z
M?HC;V)SA:]M:1C@8M-!6^+1\APL&#G=E% W!IV)PFR:K4[R?%2NC!H
MK8J2
M5XR*3K%3&)AJ*Z&;(4I.[J4FO0&:9+1@L*114/;B 9@W.J7EQ


&B:S?8V H

ME3.!09^IIK)G3CN

7B'CHV6W+YS
M\P1NS0?$5Q%MR (_+N+TB=TF
/-46BZG!=C
:G9[<CO2.S$V
M&%[PP4F[4A/;BZ(#TTRMIE4OS^G7$T8<;J=&HU-Z4^.6C8PT#/7E9\@*TZV


\VYC3









M$+]&JL &Q^N8H/D4&2G+'W-:E=B1 DV*TYG!R1VIK3')&9LWM%EKZO2$Q+V
MSGH2ANN[)DL)3/?,S5:*,FJG2T*URKVUGYC4.[#,]%.!*201:9:R(N!T;4?E
MD+\=X.A#Z[/:4TF?+%87F.RG#1X6G$/.1[\F;V9 N]F+L0[)/?57 E66I]M



M+

MOHES
LHV:81SE+5Y5&PTPAAETJIRNB%DP@BB%J 2_'HN

@V5E4%VW6WB&

+YW


EN^1*)M3K.'B
M$W8(K%_Q[R7.V:+^ $:WZ_8]9'D'^X$
4$XF3#J94^J8/RC1DEZA7K$OH!=V

(6QK3PM60#P8T
M[935!/BG3!0*.[+(4I0)HQ19*PY62+-8-L\OD&4Z'7UD0)*_Y!ML[)D/(])3



M6DU5H&+







HTP6CR




9
ML+.YLH53)4$-=+JKBA



JIP0!0JR+_/OG_;(JR*G= DX98C5.:1E\72_UYHFE[








@L-I#V3H

96:5':#7O_84-849QV


M)^

M3U5OI/B)WGA1Q8L&NG(W:W!1_(RLCF%== U9+2@[@_P.;PTDU$YVXNUO@7F;
MXW401_7N!AFSK!AZ=3-+D01CP :O2VR4'O94S=L^



MZ[@T2TTZS^&-$6I=SRI5




2

#1SF[%/W(
T=
[<;R1NRJ.]C)@
MH'\XOSY
Y%$D

M5-Z!IE5M*66$4
5+!N;9(@CO05L^&.+MT6RT\%9@?1W4I7DC8PYG9Z:]/.
MI-ZM33-6

!/@



@]QFZ






3F4+85 L1+


MN&UGE;W;IB


M]UBWW@





:LDP4-O8



MO

]S4P VMR$[E!2244+%A$I
.+.&*U

1:[HX
(9PJ


MMWZ'1O*)(]7O8%Z[F


[^?K'/V
MQ90;^GY=\B

#AP.
M4='3IDU1YV._OJER]]!4YS?ZV@9]6TIP@.Q)AV.=.HV;=ZHI5*N ]\'MT^KA
MB&=1-4KH8S
E?5OM

MK;U.=2JN'O[ZIO5Y&N&E_ Z:DQU+C0;'.J4;-NUTV]W*SWMW /YLUH_^JF#L



M5$ITY3)IJE^!1?4B.ZK:KMD*7\N?
+7@AX) H5FF..PQ'P4:11H/

M/A7??9T0HF\FBH0[VN$-3=@
TL6ZOB1=7. RB)/B 7\I-X'LTO!X

M;



M;V?5K\6/C-XQA-1J#U D)H8$)*6& BP9']F[&\BS-++M%U-VQ]7LM0^NC%'=


+H/$M)I)H2H@N\
MSDA0 
-E#^TT; ZW#EJFI I9L(:X1+M)7E&2'1GIBL%Z*NJ++KJJUJ]D@$

8M*)AYYD
MIT\V EST-ZP+BC-N<% U%IEP241QH)R0C[1-/@Q*#=Y7&XOR<ZVW(B7RXE
M=389:I1MYT,)G7=D&@WQ$!#C:+I



M?;YP^T#+JP

M7\)G\OMDK[MT-F T(9^4U





ME*Q9#_P1E]YHF@;J#9J#?@&
_YO$+/E(RQA7



C;&B7!HP@\.E!9*2X(UM*QDG*"7:FEEUXH
M%,D?R*+%)? Y<67)29*1T9F:U8M(V6YO0ZSA[G]FS$C!('!^C[:<U%G+6NR


5S/+J8*8

MN
\Z/(P#EI:+:K-**C+)JLJ
M8JNH'5:.TJG<J1\E(X42EIJI*8<'E/R,R^42AV7\LDM1H?5@^LYYUMWYW1!%
MMCUBR2@ZB&27ONV 3=%U?0<0\8S'LX6KDK(M_??HI:CB7T/4FC(W4 1;Y5(
M\WKW$PEM:.B
MQT3
GE'-1@T1@@WS#I9? S_)^P)NFS9#HK':OTX461QB_-5

?A/3?1U#A&BK-(9+R);81B+\([;O?3F[O5



M;

*.&Z\*YZPL=)
M4=1L
-!]T( R@0-1YYU5PRNV
B9/H%(8( &7@ 

MJV


('3@8903/M\KR X

W[

M)^B/(B]_O:
7*6=?XE[K]WZ 
YN(U1)=[(]IT=8@01]Q4&QR]BPL^AOE^F\8

61HE2


MK\$:G%.:*!V3)2$-!H/Y:#NXN*WJQSCYG#!U60J_N[13J6J9IQL(A5]%-9(
M=6#I

MC6*CFA9M8YSL_7R4YZ&[J-IAL2F+


Q[2&VL_FYL.C+8:!W

M71 +OG-






DM/#8NXEZ:90FQS3 ]VCJ0X[\$6K BA6]V*[=UVD%(
K63.VOPTG(#Q!E
W!+[_.MKV\@CO:[@_41EF'3?Q1I^/?20/VAOJD7X0S


MV15
D:W16<_4P<OL

@^CK1[_G(&_2R?<<^$]['\=^[)7L.8NWWJH^(1O


MQT8YQH85SN34-\9\;JKXO -XA+)C4?=RD%7X6-UX11#=#AA@
]SB1S]+6L
M1P+ H;YC
;CTM$QT%.@6IZ-4WQLOV)V+0!&I'NY6B?9%N-[G+_$(1:'!NW:
MDD4!!2N?V_W]/O*FZS\!9=W.

EUD&4+._JVRZC6:7-V8UDG'_;N

MBA]4_Y')#%OW7Y?I./I/H+%-_Z64W7?_$5WN\)HT&VF ZOE+3/[!ER:3DX+K

WQ.&&A-\KG-_AI K:GN.U
MP&XUN#U(L[&_$4=[PH8


MH9:#W3S





9
MS5
27^.'X$OC 
YP2J9G?KDJ(X3591HM^6TN2HX(/6H84
WAJS=R'!3X E?_
M.T\OJ'




M:[N+U!QS[T)0

(OJ.-Z+(B0


M9X7T+^Q

=CH+';%/689[G
MOFI] UU?7B79Y^**_+CS&S$X7K.B M6/]JH+-D<(L-KYPU9K;PEE5/GONW\

MQ72MSHZU5XS#8S
3IXP3HB?.-H4L_TM*;$+Y&H..V11]47P6N&6%W'XR&[
M)!%
]IG$I)V:#ERG**EA=8R)JL/.H;
2(E$!G5%8O+NA+!M!2:&_378?+3


M=44P.V6BZ+Y\*XL
8B:LLT3P57;HCI;




V6+UAI3-_X_1QDP1Y=Y#4

M8\)O 8//Y(9RI]XT4RXZW:S)M




M9@0_ ^H'D58*7^;K22D:A3UG8FKUIHJMR*6IBG^O5[
 VM4(X[8.^0_BNJ




#&L[A1YAY_B9




1QYQ2(]R]*H*8HC&W(#,@ ]9J*=S?VR3V-KCN\

M
*E$U/R[(_.DGDJ[:?JU7%\Y^ED6?8Z3A
!^GI;UX^C51E'S4U746X0!8V9
MO6ZO
Y?]7Y.QL;Z3@9K+PLWOQ)

MFJ:GI@7;RE^DW7*JW

M9$+H(L?;W$Q MCM6&U1NEE


+ PW
MJPVKKWM!*UZ%
2#:C[#VX2M_S9?0!UOT#OF-;?
M8.O=[E=.8*4B=#Q?7.+K^ 7S*_Q<<KM$QP,(L:JEPY83QEG,)]B]QKBTS



MX/(P6]S+*%?=+(5XG]3H%JG'NZ-






MV




O) @=W_O;











MA\I;*AUQKTX(&]B4W]!A:\P;$C

</.9RMVJ*=S!'24
MDG3KA#0Z\-:)$JN4SN.AGYA Q(


&P^DM
%0&DXB0&*%G?21
M!59&6.\.#TU N=4V[IX



MEQ[X6
;KH8D@Z3(JZ**))*EM+.BBB22IE2SHHHDDL
X#NNIT& 
5'];[!(1*


4*=31!CE] !/5U8KHU
\C^I[
M 


M'10(HT[B?(8Q32M_N_73;#*+9\IY.(VC)
D7U16A@27L!\7'J!




M809\0*:0=*]JZ6Q[54C=4KTFM!?KAY2=KFD)71%?F2Y24M#=ZB)[]G--ZEB
M;[1 Q5T501AQE3+G_//7OUA.1O^H5[EK@76MB%E00QLV *'LE[6V2Y!5S
M9_-

MDHJDC #.SD^ZAAH=B9(,#!3SK)5274UTN8A:.W_/Y=33R&[LLM64G&(;]$

&%FT.C
X-Q+
YZ!76AL
]#N X(.D'15R;NZ0MXBYF#$[.?82Y'X2
MT!6*I#:G#! *D TIO*I4F\O)'CRZ=#H4[C6^(* +^T(A5Z;9Z81]$!Y]!_X
MFK*VPNT8#F@/'#7GL@$#ZJ;6! F+.D%!/H7/I@G(X$JRV/MN$[=X!X[PFU-X





MRJ53_#&?O




)4#=]08.Q50
M6Z1J.%=?5W](UU6/;)CS!G]E+3&WB)\H#(['B

M;LF:MA'&.RL-@IX#J2FH#41E!L9WF0&4
DO)R_B])1X17AI).Z)G0VJ*)5 D

MV(VI&$/VX)OVI'RYB9S2P[$L9$?31]$S.JEIV D . \=53 ;VIH+^O))-=$-

GUK*[U5!G='S6*G&YX$%8H9=
M)WHURS]I#KQ5\B\WQ6'UKS@U:N5ODG5]#SW[E0KR-?GHM$%@AIH)I--H@3 @
M259G\.Y; ;YH^W\9E\!^#W0
^#I8:NC'4S)F&9RELK=&PX.EES](Q64F&+
ML3GBVDQ@[APWCD0/Y;@=T#-1M02GQ+D9\/Q6$BLAJ\TL/XADSB[1
)INO*




M $(G





ML'
U=0S2L7#
?J2/'H;
M6N&S2VH?!7'W0OB8Z#FD6NSXJI(S$=6QIV[ J8^-GEOJ!B7)6GT IWL+44N



M7I4S

Q
M'SU-WKO^)TXESN\4GN[1D:[2H0QXJ%/@3.E=7DTOW%QCR7$_\%G%E-7M[C%D
MZ5?W)5
O
.V?

M3@*3R]8;(4==7LRA,K.PZJHS #Q()![/RC6'8$L)4NV &Y2/!*A6@&U@FC








J-BZMWZWBJG0;P1


M

M\:+&#7W7)78:_K5(_U+(#I0\N^?LYTT&0B^BW

M*WH992U+LU!.9L *Y[N+\Z\!98^UGGO/Q3LR6J_IFC1=CS[;R9WNG
ILZC$A



32(-=?




M%G*:WT[UH[3

M/+MX




P#B-_2P+Y





M7H]$R8R\8X_?($'[6Y/8ZFQ#=5PVDZ&\V7OR8&T^@?C^/91VHLH5I)G&0E

)A5!R4 N:H
MZCC(L[01SN4J XU$AS]GW?U;TC

M


P8M


FY]\N@KG







M
X.M^8X2<6\&1B
K\A/X8P$23 Z&II1RABYGAQ@+(P [C#



M=O/$)OWDY8%--S/:?B:KF

M2
R
1;P4BW2[.\2\# )B@7

MDGR
H\^V&]

$*Z1G,Q7#^W<CZ*-:J+ 5_6LKIY Q2L9;]-*CB;L(;TL
MZ4A)82Y_\&<UZ$?11R%W&JZ-#S





N$F&-QG52^\$%X$*'^M
M[J1J







NIO//9VS\5V
H]#86-
MHYA2 






OC$

MG\LN[.





M'HZ;1X[D2E&1;AW)^Z]?'



M#] [UZ^B:# /K=S;TN



% Z0P^YAZ:!?ZKLR*KV]UCR$I[[@NO9WGW'-%!764

9V/?AY-'D=&Y ;
&+BGZ U]+X'G%R?:O[R7
M.Y_! YCPS+27CWT5(;J\_#7EU:F _
O+W\O+W\O+WTY?_C;'8N('T?. +J64
M&N[C8-JPKETOW@9S:-=XN@')?904=Q9)_+@%VEV4HJSK^
*3\B!TA%I=_'TO

.7&5Z.S-@56(.'%L8_QZY0K
69@7KD


O
0D+ESQA)S.F#6CA$_)A1M9T



M6![(&J;

M=F?R6+D%7I#7RD!#[8=T+_'(AKUEP(]\W_
X(9#%/VF%_;JY!9(%+OM]T3\+

EW^
M-)I?#1_G\Q'+T+)8C)9FV##'_.?LIWSG0I#:-$J#($Y2 )VMF$2W?AJ@69KA

EZ.K
7&JW0TF@\@_0?;%MP/*9[I ]#2Y6GC&70&+L&*Y+(+$Y6%P



M'\4EH+V;I0!T+!$'E5MZ29A0L@16U*&S;@Y9P6&HRR2J51M(J^N.*?L\FT:
M\ #8=^K@ZY%D9B!8TY9&J^_3W4FNB;G=



M

?PE=LGBR]NMG-@R:E[0C%)MQ?2HL






MPI#K);3J$EIU:TR*K1*XRTT=FB5CB=TJ.O.6%\Y;]D9YIK_FZH/I+Q85B-
M.3




M?4CLILJ1UL/

M]/X#$1=.O+.\[)VD'QEOZC!!
 YF

9M#!C*\L47F$]#+B6Y9%86
M'06E?3#NTE)1@2O5@N6


A
ME[\/@1\V61BS?LB7B?!-'#ISCN1A!G8#VXZW


MJICUD



1
MO8W#*BP)'87?E:??A^GT[I?QPT


@[7


YK3
M$SN43Q^TO'E\\D?:_)3R1_1._&@1/_V+V-'2+^HBDT#!ZUM-

(J;\OYR'V89 5%S*HP3*C&+#\1
M]Y5\]+WHN9G! QKWO(^NJ+M?U8;-3FP)P'+3WY7FK4?#ONP?'J-*DGRBU0D
M]IJH4U5*!\0^AR

)I&U@_[6:-FD+L(
MKHF2Z@_F7NI+@FO^HNY0
2*\YHMSK/0[O6 7$_F2?? LLP]V@\)M'%*:PG!@
M_Q$[H9




&.JNNU=BO#?GZ:?S3!Z2B$VO4L& QAJ3[Z.G8@(:Z:G6A!

8ZFZ\<P;7P
@[S(O(@.I^+^X\3=)]L KTO]I*MU%C

MHD=\G7\(JO.7R]KF


_

MI\'\[KKQGMHR&V:3O37[])***;9$;QFD:SIOI




M5 0./@CVP:'U=(/(J
\)]A.G9X$UX5[XOKP73I

M@.5O1XH_DNZ$BL
,'6:I=;K&$6J[J^YH!
M$E_5A$#5L]2R7$A']VQL$98!=-0(V\2:UKY?JS*JAENBWO'LSS;L=RQ1W?!

DRL+R0VMC
?E^0X-6Q'6\S7==0'3(U#.M_







QJ$O$Q
;NXO!MV@G:8T*'L:Y)^<;%D][+;N^*7:Z<)B416QJ
MM$3'81@S$'D;;V[;E=IAIZ^&&Z6U#)JQN=[[ 7$V7AHN8Q?/?Q_H086]B[DE
TX2XEGX%%8%%
M6[L(7F*,L-WBVF*,PAR&D-A?;_S7MROBI C0OY0%3W_TVP/96.[(HXL3[X*





M.
VQMQKP79B07?QKE47DV[^G.V#(S@]TXP1ER?NN?+.R6$Z'?_]I^G WFB_^

MU/.Y

M*\]^G,L!I6KKY$ MR^H5!5 (_JL


QIJ.A0Z$

0CYL:G.ZFO]:&\Z+Z:AEN31F\9/KV-1)4P;U=#C#&'^\V]UGKI!
MD_?2P J?9Y;#+
FE]9F$4V].PBAP[(BL4M\7V_AYSYC!O?OQ8%Q1&&9

.80

?X$NXT#K5


N6Q
M





L-Y0


T L)EZ;W-1?F_P NS:Y:79MPJW

=]


MB8XXD%H_JN
8=GQ1!ALD)K






M+%I87^Q


?3B1&U70Z4)D7;


-[F


MR9R, .SH4B-U6Q&^+^3X'RH=-#7I?9=$H-=21='][F$TQ(W0EO&<-VP55J0#
M/7^AD5K<




'QXNSNZ

55E[ .2ZU/0]
S3Q-/






74AP4YL=*2LK.GMZ89SY0COCAUIBI @


M4P0+ YQ711Q5[G%Q[

CSYWC?=5+DS'#Z:V,YM:3I5IW]B+43Q)*=FHZSO+? =




9@'Y_N*!^?Q=C'ZQ^-HLKP:_4S_7!CFNBFS*7?*




4
M #]1&M2L1!N1685 0!7E T $0              @ $     8V5L:TR
#(P
M
3(S
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #]1&M2!O]5QH5  !O]   $0
M    @ &5%0$ 8V5L:TR
#(P
3(S


C Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4     #]1&M2*O6J8/9
  #'.@4 %0              @ $;


