

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-20-006069
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200312
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200312
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001341766
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				202745790
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34611
		FILM NUMBER:		20707285
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2424 N. FEDERAL HWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 208
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-276-2239
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2424 N. FEDERAL HWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 208
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VECTOR VENTURES CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051018









     







Washington
 D.C. 20549




15(d)




 2019




 INC.

its charter)



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 Suite 208
 Boca
Raton
 Florida 33431




 including
area code)


 former address and former
fiscal year
 if changed since last report)


of the Exchange Act:


 $0.001 par value



The Nasdaq Capital Market (Trading Symbol CELH)


of the Exchange Act: None


registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&#9746;
No


is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;Yes &#9744; No


(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such




has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;
&nbsp;Yes &#9744;&nbsp;No


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth
company. See definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo;
and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
        
    

    
    
    
    



 indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp; &#9744;


is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
Yes &nbsp;&#9746; &nbsp;No


stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately $62
459
070 as of June 30
 2019 for the Company&rsquo;s common
stock on such date on the Nasdaq Capital Market. For purposes of the foregoing computation
 all executive officers
 directors
and 10% beneficial owners of the Registrant are deemed to be affiliates.

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant&rsquo;s classes of common stock
 as of the latest practicable date.
There were 69
239
260 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 11
 2020.


documents are incorporated by reference into this Report except those Exhibits so incorporated as set forth in the Exhibit index.





    
    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market For Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



10-K (this &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 unless otherwise indicated
 the terms &ldquo;the Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;Celsius
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo;
&ldquo;us&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; refers to Celsius Holdings
 Inc. and its subsidiaries.




that reflect our current views about future events. We use the words &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;assume
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;designed
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo;
&ldquo;forecast
&rdquo; &ldquo;target
&rdquo; &ldquo;objective
&rdquo; &ldquo;goal
&rdquo; or the negatives of such terms or other
similar expressions. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown
risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements to be
materially different from any future results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking
1A. Risk Factors
&rdquo; &ldquo;Item 7. Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo; and elsewhere in this Report.



    
    




Item
1. Business




 marketing
 brand name.
According to multiple clinical studies we funded
burns 100 to 140 calories by increasing
a consumer&rsquo;s resting metabolism an average of 12% and providing sustained energy for up to a three-hour period. Our exercise
focused studies show Celsius delivers additional benefits when consumed prior to exercise. The studies show benefits such as increase
in fat burn
 increase in lean muscle mass and increased endurance.


formulation
 while fostering
the goal of healthier everyday refreshment by being as natural as possible without the artificial preservatives often found in
 has no artificial preservatives
 aspartame or high fructose corn syrup and
 uses good-for-you ingredients and supplements such as green tea (EGCG)
 ginger
calcium
 chromium
 line of products is sweetened with sucralose
 a sugar-derived


intake is restricted.


efforts aimed at building brand awareness
 including a wide variety of marketing vehicles such as television
 radio
 digital
 social
media
 sponsorships
 and magazine advertising. We also undertake various promotions at the retail level such as coupons and other
discounts in addition to in-store sampling. We have entered into agreements with various distributors to sell our products domestically
and abroad
 particularly in Sweden and the Far East.


but instead outsource the manufacturing process to established third-party co-packers. We do
 however
 provide our co-packers with
flavors
 ingredient blends
 cans and other raw materials for our beverages purchased by us from various suppliers.


    
    







 2019
 the Company consummated
a public offering of an aggregate of 7
986
110 shares
 of its common stock at a public offering price of $3.60
 which included
the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase an additional 1
041
666 shares. B. Riley FBR
 Inc. acted as
lead underwriter for the offering. The Company received net proceeds from the offering of approximately $26.8 million
 after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company used a portion of the
net proceeds of the offering to fund the cash needed to consummate the acquisition of Func Food Group Oyj and related fees
 costs
and expenses as described below. The remaining net proceeds of the offering are being used for general corporate purposes
 including
funding marketing initiatives and expanding European distribution of Celsius products.




(the &ldquo;Loan Agreements&rdquo;) with Charmnew Limited (&ldquo;Charmnew&rdquo;) and Grieg International Limited (&ldquo;Grieg&rdquo;)
on December 12
 2018
 and with CD Financial
 LLC (&ldquo;CD Financial&rdquo;)
 an affiliate of a principal shareholder of the Company
on December 14
 2018
 providing for aggregate loans to the Company in principal amounts of $3
000
000
 $2
000
000 and $5
000
000
respectively. In connection with the Loan Agreements
 the Company executed and delivered Convertible Promissory Notes (the &ldquo;Notes&rdquo;)
in favor of each of Charmnew
 Grieg and CD Financial. The Notes had a maturity date of the second anniversary after issuance and
bore interest at the rate of 5% per annum payable semi-annually. Upon consummation of our September 2019 public offering
 the principal
amount of and all accrued but unpaid interest on the Notes held by Charmnew
 Grieg and CD Financial converted
 in accordance with
their terms
 into 1
022
568
 681
712 and 1
492
180 shares of our common stock
 at a conversion price of $3.04
 $3.04 and $3.39
respectively.




 2019
 the Company
completed a financial restructuring and acquisition of Func Food Group Oyj
 a Finnish corporation (&ldquo;Func Food&rdquo;). Pursuant
to a series of agreements entered into effective September 11
 2019 (the &ldquo;Acquisition Agreements&rdquo;) with the shareholders
bondholders and certain other lenders of Func Food
 Func Food&rsquo;s outstanding debt of approximately $55
000
000
 certain of
which was in default
 was restructured and Celsius acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Func Food.


that markets and distributes beverages
 protein bars
 supplements and superfoods in Finland
 Sweden
 and Norway. Celsius has had
a distribution arrangement with Func Food since 2016
 when Func Food commenced distribution of Celsius products in Sweden (where
they have become the best-selling fitness drink). Func Food subsequently expanded distribution of our products to Finland in 2016
and Norway in 2018. In addition to Celsius&rsquo; products
 Func Food also distributes products under the brands FAST
 FitFarm
and CocoVi. The FAST
 FitFarm and CocoVi brands and associated products are owned by Func Food. FAST products is a market leader
in Finland and has begun distribution into the Swedish market. FitFarm and CocoVi are well-established brands of superfoods and
other supplements in the Nordic countries.



    
    



 Func
Food had the following outstanding debt:


Senior secured bonds (the &ldquo;Outstanding Bonds&rdquo;)
in the principal amount of $33
181




Loans from Func Food&rsquo;s principal shareholders
Sentica Buyout IV KY and Sentica Buyout IV Co-Investment Ky (collectively
 &ldquo;Sentica&rdquo;) in the principal amount of $9
965
916




A capital loan in the principal amount of $55
627
plus accrued but unpaid interest and a shareholder loan in the principal amount of $40
693
 plus accrued but unpaid interest from




A subordinated convertible loan in the principal amount
of $338
078




A subordinated vendor loan of $1
680
000
 plus accrued




at closing the Outstanding Bonds were restructured into two new classes of bonds as follows:


&ldquo;Reinstated Bonds&rdquo; issued to the existing
holders of the Outstanding Bonds
 Sentica (in exchange for the Sentica Loans) and management
 as described below. The Reinstated
Bonds are in the original principal amount of $9
520
000 with an original issue discount of 5%
 are due and payable on October
30
 2020
 bear interest at the rate of 6%
 payable semi-annually in arrears and are be secured by a first priority lien on substantially




&ldquo;Buyer Bonds&rdquo; in the original principal
amount of $33
181
649
 which have the same terms and conditions as the Reinstated Bonds but which are subordinated to the Reinstated
Bonds. The Buyer Bonds were acquired by Celsius from the holders of the Outstanding Bonds for $14
354
480. The purchase price
of $672
000 paid at closing by Celsius for the Jutta Loans
 Joy Loan and Vendor Loan as described below and $93
250 in cash will
be paid at closing to members of Func Food management as part of a retention bonus
 was deducted from the purchase price paid
to the holders of the Outstanding Bonds for the Buyer Bonds. Celsius also has the option to convert up to $4
480
000 in trade




constitute direct
 unconditional
 unsubordinated and secured obligations of Func Food and are guaranteed by all of Func Food&rsquo;s
subsidiaries. Celsius may
 in its own discretion choose to repay up to 50% of the principal amount of the Reinstated Bonds at maturity
by way of newly-issued shares of its common stock
 at price per share equal to the lower of (i) 110% of the 30 day volume weighted
average closing price for our shares at closing; and (ii) &euro;3.50.


full (but not in part) at Func Food&rsquo;s option at any time prior to maturity at a redemption premium of 103% of the principal
amount. In addition
 if (a) prior to maturity of the Reinstated Bonds
 Func Food&rsquo;s FAST business is sold; or (b) on or after
January 1
 2020
 Celsius consummates a subsequent equity capital raise
 the net proceeds from such transactions
 to the fullest
extent possible
 shall be applied to redemption of the Reinstated Bonds.



    
    



have customary affirmative and negative covenants applicable to Fund Food
 including restrictions on distributions
 pledging assets
and incurring additional indebtedness
 meeting quarterly liquidity and other financial compliance tests
 providing periodic financial
reports and requiring bondholder consent to amendments and waivers.


 $932
960
of the Reinstated Bonds were allocated to Sentica in exchange for the Sentica Loans
 $93
520 of the Reinstated Bonds were allocated
to members of Func Food management as part of their retention bonus and the balance was allocated to the holders of the Outstanding
Bonds.


 Celsius acquired the Jutta
Loans
 Joy Loan and Vendor Loan for an aggregate of $672
000 and all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Func Food from
Sentica and the other shareholders for nominal consideration of $1.12. Celsius reimbursed other parties to the acquisition approximately
$580
000 in legal and advisory fees.




26
 2005 under the name &ldquo;Vector Ventures
 Inc.&rdquo; and originally engaged in mineral exploration. Such business was unsuccessful.
On January 26
 2007
 beverage business of Elite FX
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation engaged
in the development of &ldquo;functional&rdquo; beverages since 2004 in a reverse merger
 and subsequently changed our name to Celsius
Holdings
 Inc. We currently have one Florida subsidiary
 Celsius Netshipments
 Inc.
 established in 2007
 one Nevada subsidiary
Celsius
 Inc.
 established in 2007
 two Hong Kong corporate subsidiaries
 Celsius Asia Holdings Limited and Celsius China Holdings
Limited
 established in 2018 and a Chinese corporate subsidiary
 Celsius (Beijing) Beverage Co. Limited
 also established in 2018.



calorie-burning
beverages were first introduced to the marketplace in 2005.


we funded
 burns 100 to 140 calories by increasing a consumer&rsquo;s
metabolism an average of 12% for up to a three-hour period. In addition
 these studies have indicated that drinking a single serving
 prior to exercising may improve cardiovascular health and fitness and enhance the loss of fat
and gain of muscle from exercise.


formulation
 while fostering
the goal of healthier everyday refreshment by being as natural as possible without the artificial preservatives often found in
 has no chemical preservatives
 aspartame or high fructose corn syrup and is
 uses good-for-you ingredients and supplements such as green tea (EGCG)
 ginger
 calcium
chromium
 B vitamins and vitamin C. Celsius is sweetened with sucralose
 a sugar-derived sweetener that is found in Splenda





    
    



is currently offered in nine flavors: orange
 wild berry
 cola
 grape
 kiwi-guava and watermelon (which are carbonated)
 and non-carbonated
green tea raspberry/acai
 green tea/peach mango green tea/grapefruit melon (introduced during 2019). Celsius&reg; is packaged in
a distinctive 12 ounce sleek can that uses vivid colors in abstract patterns to create a strong on-shelf impact. The cans are sold
as singles or in four-packs. We have recently redesigned our packaging to provide a cleaner
 crisper and more modern look. We also
sell a powdered form of the active ingredients in our beverages in individual On-The-Go packets as well as multiple serving canisters.
In addition to being sugar free
 our original ready-to -drink product line is non-GMO
 kosher and vegan certified and soy and gluten
free.


 Celsius introduced its first product
line extension focused on broadening the reach of Celsius&reg; into the natural channel. The natural line extension is available
in refreshing flavors: three sparkling - grapefruit
 cucumber lime
 orange pomegranate and three non-carbonated - pineapple coconut
watermelon berry and strawberries &amp; cream. The natural line extension boasts a clean ingredient panel featuring 100% natural
caffeine-from-green-coffee bean extract
 and an all-natural sweetener. Like the original Celsius&reg; products
 our new natural
ready-to -drink beverages are non-GMO
 kosher and vegan certified and soy and gluten free.


 we also introduced the second
line in our product portfolio
 trainer&rsquo;s grade Celsius Heat&trade;. Celsius Heat&trade; is also a dietary supplement
 that
uses the same proprietary thermogenic MetaPlus&reg; formula as Celsius&reg;
 which is proven to accelerate metabolism
 boost energy
and accelerate calorie and fat burn when combined with exercise. Celsius Heat&trade;
 which is packed with 2
000mg of L-citrulline
and 300mg of caffeine
 comes in eight carbonated flavors: Apple Jack&rsquo;d
 Orangesicle
 Inferno Punch
 Cherry Lime
 Blueberry
Pomegranate
 Strawberry Dragonfruit
 Tangerine Grapefruit and Jackfruit.


 we announced a further
expansion to our product line in an innovative branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) functional beverage that fuels muscle recovery.
The BCAA product line was initially launched in the fitness channel.


segment of the beverage industry consisting of consumers seeking calorie-burning beverages to help them manage their weight and
enhance their exercise regimen. Our target consumers are generally individuals that exercise two to five times a week and are concerned
about their health.


of Func Food in October 2019
 we acquired the beverages
 protein bars
 supplements and superfoods marketed and distributed in Finland
Sweden
 and Norway. These products are distributed under the FAST
 FitFarm and CocoVi brands and which are owned by Func Food.
FAST products is a market leader in Finland and has begun distribution into the Swedish market. FitFarm and CocoVi are well-established
brands of superfoods and other supplements in the Nordic countries.


    
    





substantiating product claims will become more important as more and more beverages are marketed with health claims. Celsius
 is also one of very
few functional beverages that has clinical research on the actual product itself. Some beverage companies that do mention studies
backing their claims are referencing independent studies conducted on one or more of the ingredients in the product. We believe
that it is important and will become more important to have studies on the actual product.


studies for Celsius
formula. The first study was conducted by the Ohio Research Group of Exercise Science &amp; Sports Nutrition. The remaining studies
were conducted by the Applied Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of the University of Oklahoma. We funded all of
the studies and provided Celsius&reg; beverage for the studies. However
 none of our directors
 executive officers or principal
shareholders is in any way affiliated with either of the two research organizations which conducted the studies.


. The Ohio Research Group of
Exercise Science &amp; Sports Nutrition is a multidisciplinary clinical research team dedicated to exploring the relationship between
exercise
 nutrition
 dietary supplements and health. This placebo-controlled
 double-blind cross-over study compared the effects
 and the placebo on metabolic rate. Twenty-two participants were randomly assigned to ingest a 12 ounce
. All subjects
completed both trials using a randomized
 counterbalanced design. Randomized means that subjects were selected for each group randomly
to ensure that the different treatments were statistically equivalent. Counterbalancing means that individuals in one group drank
 on the second day. The other group did the opposite. Counterbalancing
is a design method that is used to control &ldquo;order effects.&rdquo; In other words
 this was done to make sure that the order
that subjects were served does not impact the results and analysis.


measurements taken from breaths into and out of calorimeter) and substrate oxidation (via respiratory exchange ratios) were measured
at baseline (pre-ingestion) and for ten minutes at the end of each hour for three hours post-ingestion. The results showed an average
increase of metabolism of twelve percent over the three-hour period
 compared to a statistically insignificant change for the control
group. Metabolic rate
 or metabolism
 is the rate at which the body expends energy. This is also referred to as the &ldquo;caloric
burn rate.&rdquo; Indirect calorimetry calculates heat that living organisms produce from their production of carbon dioxide. It
is called &ldquo;indirect&rdquo; because the caloric burn rate is calculated from a measurement of oxygen uptake. Direct calorimetry
would involve the subject being placed inside the calorimeter for the measurement to determine the heat being produced. Respiratory
Exchange Ratio is the ratio oxygen taken in a breath compared to the carbon dioxide breathed out in one breath or exchange. Measuring
this ratio can be used for estimating which substrate (fuel such as carbohydrate or fat) is being metabolized or &lsquo;oxidized&rsquo;
to supply the body with energy.


Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2007. This blinded
 placebo-controlled study was
conducted on a total of 60 men and women of normal weight. An equal number of participants were separated into two groups to compare
 to a placebo of the same amount. According to the study
 those subjects
 burned significantly more calories versus those consuming the placebo
 over a three-hour period.
The study confirmed that over the three-hour period
 burned 65%
more calories than those consuming the placebo beverage and burned an average of more than 100 to 140 calories compared to the
placebo. These results were statistically significant.


 conducted by the Applied
Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2007
 extended our second study with the same group
of 60 individuals and protocol for 28 days and showed the same statistical significance of increased calorie burn (minimal attenuation).
While the University of Oklahoma study did extend for 28 days
 more testing would be needed for long term analysis of the Celsius
calorie-burning effects. Also
 although these studies were on relatively small numbers of subjects
 they have statistically significant
results. Additional studies on a larger number and wider range of body compositions can be considered to further the analysis.


 conducted by the Applied
Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2009
 use with
exercise. This ten-week placebo-controlled
 randomized and blinded study was conducted on a total of 37 subjects. Participants
per day
 and Group 2 consumed
one serving of an identically flavored and labeled placebo beverage. Both groups participated in ten weeks of combined aerobic
and weight training
 following the American College of Sports Medicine guidelines of training for previously sedentary adults.
 prior to exercising may enhance the positive adaptations
of exercise on body composition
 cardio-respiratory fitness and endurance performance. According to the preliminary findings
 subjects
 lost significantly more fat mass and gained significantly more muscle mass
than those subjects consuming the placebo &mdash; a 93.75% greater loss in fat and 50% greater gain in muscle mass
 respectively.
The study also confirmed that subjects consuming Celsius&reg; significantly improved measures of cardio-respiratory fitness and
the ability to delay the onset of fatigue when exercising to exhaustion.


    
    



Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2009. This ten-week placebo-controlled
 randomized
and blinded study was conducted on a total of 27 previously sedentary overweight and obese female subjects. Participants were randomly
assigned into groups that consumed identically tasting treatment beverages with exercise or without exercise. All participants
consumed one drink
 either placebo or Celsius
 per day for 10 weeks. The exercise groups participated in ten weeks
of combined aerobic and weight training
 following the American College of Sports Medicine guidelines of training for previously
sedentary adults. No changes were made to their diet. The results showed that consuming a single serving of Celsius
prior to exercising may improve cardiovascular health and fitness and enhance the positive adaptations of exercise on body composition.
According to the preliminary findings
 lost significantly more fat
mass and gained significantly more muscle mass when compared to exercise alone &mdash; a 46% greater loss in fat
 27% greater gain
in muscle mass
 significantly improved measures
of cardio-respiratory fitness &mdash; 35% greater endurance performance with significant improvements to lipid profiles &mdash;
total cholesterol decreases of 5 to 13% and bad LDL cholesterol 12 to 18%. Exercise alone had no effect on blood lipid levels.


Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2009. This ten-week placebo-controlled
 randomized
and blinded study was conducted on a total of 37 previously sedentary male subjects. Participants were randomly assigned into groups
that consumed identically tasting treatment beverages with exercise or without exercise. All participants consumed one drink
 either
placebo or Celsius
 per day for 10 weeks. The exercise groups participated in ten weeks of combined aerobic and
weight training
 following the American College of Sports Medicine guidelines of training for previously sedentary adults. No changes
 prior to exercising may
improve cardiovascular health and fitness and enhance the positive adaptations of exercise on body composition. Significantly greater
decreases in fat mass and percentage body fat and increases in VO
before exercise versus those that consumed the placebo before exercise. Mood was not affected. Clinical markers for hepatic
 renal
cardiovascular and immune function
 as determined by pre-and post-blood work revealed no adverse effects.


Research Institute in 2010 and demonstrated the efficacy and safety of the powders and the shots. This study allows the Company
to make the same structure/function claims as the ready to drink beverages.




third party beverage co-packers. A co-packer is a manufacturing plant that provides the service of filling bottles or cans for
the brand owner. We believe one benefit of using co-packers is that we do not have to invest in the production facility and can
focus our resources on brand development
 sales and marketing. It also allows us produce in multiple locations strategically placed
throughout the country. We purchase most of the ingredients and all packaging materials. The co-pack facility assembles our products
and charges us a fee by the case. The shelf life of Celsius


used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our products are purchased by us or by our co-packers in accordance with our
specifications. Generally
 we obtain the ingredients used in our products from domestic suppliers and some ingredients have several
 include green tea (EGCG)
 ginger (from the root)
 caffeine
 B vitamins
vitamin C
 taurine
 guarana
 chromium
 calcium
 glucuronolactone
 sucralose
 natural flavors and natural colorings. Celsius
is labeled with a supplements facts panel. We have no major supply contracts with any of our suppliers. We single-source all our
ingredients for purchasing efficiency; however
 we have identified a second source for our critical ingredients and there are many
suppliers of flavors
 colorings and sucralose. In case of a supply restriction or interruption from any of the flavor and coloring
suppliers
 we would have to test and qualify other suppliers that may disrupt our production schedules.


 except for our distinctive
sleek aluminum cans
 are easily available from multiple sources in the United States; however
 due to efficiencies we utilize single
source vendor relationships.


and supply sources are adequate for our present needs.


products manufactured by independent third parties in the Nordic countries.






 Celsius&reg;
is sold across many retail segments. They include supermarkets
 convenience stores
 drug stores
 nutritional stores
 and mass merchants.
We also sell to health clubs
 spas
 gyms
 the military
 and e-commerce websites.


    
    



through a hybrid of direct-store delivery (DSD) distributors and as well as sales direct to retailers (DTR).

International&nbsp;



regions through regional and country-specific distribution partners. In October 2019
 we acquired Func Food
 our Nordic distribution
partner
 who markets both our products as well as other products under its own brands. Celsius intends to use Func Food as a platform
to expand product distribution elsewhere in Europe.


 we focused a significant
part of our marketing efforts on expanding our global reach into the Asian market
 which is one of the most dynamic and fastest-growing
making it an important target in our pursuit of global growth. Having a diverse
 established and expanding product line
 we increased
our investment in this key market with the launch and expansion of two important relationships and the formation of an experienced
focused regional team. In September 2018
 we entered China with our partner
 Qifeng Food Technology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Qifeng&rdquo;).
We began both local production and initial distribution of the Celsius&reg; brand. The initial distribution covered select channels
across three Tier-1 cities - Beijing
 Guangzhou and Shenzhen
 as well as in over 30 other cities across 14 provinces. Consumer
response was overwhelmingly positive and signals that our plan for broader product distribution in China is in-line with market
opportunities. At the same time
 we are also accelerated our distribution in Hong Kong through our partnership with A.S. Watson
Industries. We believe that the foundation of our business in Asia is with strong
 capable partners
 and we are committed to building
on our success to further grow our brand and increase placements of our products.


 2019
 we restructured
our China distribution efforts by entering into a license and repayment of investment agreement with Qifeng
 thereby creating a
risk-mitigated method of capturing market share in China. Under the agreement
 Qifeng was granted the exclusive license rights
to manufacture
 market and commercialize Celsius&reg; brand products in China. Qifeng will pay a fixed royalty fee of $6.9 million
for the five years of the term of the agreement
 transitioning to a volume-based royalty fee
 thereafter. In addition
 Qifeng Food
will repay all capital Celsius has invested into the China market through 2018
 over the same five-year period.


Qifeng was due on March 31
 2020. We were recently requested by Qifeng to provide a three-month extension of the due date for the
first installment until June 30
 2019
 due to the impact of the health crisis in China. In consideration of the extension
 a guarantee
was obtained for the full amount of the first-installment and the installment was collateralized by a pledge of 570
412 of our
common shares held. Accordingly
 Celsius granted the extension and as a result
 payment in full of the first installment is expected
to be made on or before paid on June 30
 2020.


 we acquired Func Food
which distributed Celsius products (as well as its own branded products) in the Nordic countries. Celsius intends to use Func Food
as a platform to expand product distribution elsewhere in Europe.



    
    





sales of our beverages are seasonal
 with the highest sales volumes generally occurring in the second and third fiscal quarters
which correspond to the warmer months of the year in our major markets.




products are one of the few calorie-burning fitness beverages whose effectiveness is supported by clinical studies
 which gives
us a unique position in the beverage market. However
 our products do compete broadly with all categories of consumer beverages.
The beverage market is highly competitive
 and includes international
 national
 regional and local producers and distributors
most of whom have greater financial
 management and other resources than us. Our direct competitors in the functional beverage
market include
 but are not limited to The Coca-Cola Company
 Dr. Pepper Snapple Group
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 Nestl&eacute;
 Waters North
America
 Inc.
 Hansen Natural Corp.
 Monster Energy
 and Red Bull.




trademarks with the United States Patent and Trademark Office
 as well as a number of additional trademarks.


measures
 such as entering into confidentiality agreements with our contract packers and ingredient suppliers
 to maintain the
secrecy and proprietary nature of our MetaPlus


formulation and product formulas as trade secrets. We believe that trade secrecy is a preferable method of protection for our formulas
as patenting them might require their disclosure. Other than a company that is our outsourced production manager
 no single member
of the raw material supply chain or our co-packers has access to the complete formula.


to be of considerable value and importance to our business. No successful challenges to our registered trademarks have arisen and
we have no reason to believe that any such challenges will arise in the future.


Food in October 2019
 we have acquired additional brands and tradenames.




 distribution and sale of

 Drug and Cosmetic Act

and Education Act of 1994
 the 
 various environmental statutes and various other
federal
 state and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production
 transportation
 sale
 safety
 advertising
 labeling
and ingredients of such products. California law requires that a specific warning appear on any product that contains a component
listed by California as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. The law exposes all food and beverage producers to
the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products because the law recognizes no generally applicable quantitative
thresholds below which a warning is not required. Consequently
 even trace amounts of listed components can expose affected products
to the prospect of warning labels. Products containing listed substances that occur naturally in the product or that are contributed
to the product solely by a municipal water supply are generally exempt from the warning requirement. While none of our products
are required to display warnings under this law
 we cannot predict whether an important component of any of our products might
be added to the California list in the future. We also are unable to predict whether or to what extent a warning under this law
would have an impact on costs or sales of our products.


    
    



and states that require that a deposit be charged for certain non-refillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed
by these measures vary. Other deposit
 recycling or product stewardship proposals have been introduced in certain states and localities
and in Congress
 and we anticipate that similar legislation or regulations may be proposed in the future at the local
 state and
federal levels
 both in the United States and elsewhere.


subject to federal
 state and local environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with these provisions has not had
 and we do
not expect such compliance to have
 any material adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


internationally is similarly subject to compliance with applicable laws
 rules and regulations in those foreign countries where
our products are sold.




 the Company
employs 120 people
 including its executive officers.

Item
1A. Risk Factors

Our business faces certain risks. The
risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do not yet know of
 or that we currently think
as immaterial
 may also impair our business. If any of the events anticipated by the risks described below or elsewhere in this
report occur
 our results of operations and financial conditions could be adversely affected.



We have a history of losses and we
may experience additional losses in the futures.


available to common shareholder of $9
971
260
 for the year ended December 31
 2019
 there has been a history of losses
 including
net losses available to common shareholders of $11
419
781 for the year ended December 31
 2018. Our future operating results will
depend on many factors
 both in and out of our control
 including the ability to increase and sustain demand for and acceptance
of our products
 the level of our competition
 and our ability to attract and maintain key management and key employees. Accordingly
there can be no assurance that we can attain consistent profitability.

We rely on third party co-packers
to manufacture our products. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our co-packers and/or their ability to manufacture
our products becomes constrained or unavailable to us
 our business could suffer.


but instead outsource such manufacturing to established third party co-packers. These third-party co-packers may not be able to
fulfill our demand as it arises
 could begin to charge rates that make using their services cost inefficient or may simply not
be able to or willing to provide their services to us on a timely basis or at all. In the event of any disruption or delay
 whether
caused by a rift in our relationship or the inability of our co-packers to manufacture our products as required
 we would need
to secure the services of alternative co-packers. We may be unable to procure alternative packing facilities at commercially reasonable
rates and/or within a reasonably short time period and any such transition could be costly. In such case
 our business
 financial
condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.

We rely on distributors to distribute
our products in the DSD sales channel and in international markets. If we are unable to secure such distributors and/or we are
unable to maintain good relationships with our existing distributors
 our business could suffer.

 in
the DSD sales channel by entering into agreements with direct-to-store delivery distributors having established sales
 marketing
and distribution organizations. We similarly are seeking to expand our international distribution
 particularly in the Far East
and elsewhere in Asia by entering into agreements with large established distributors who service those markets. Many of our distributors
are affiliated with and manufacture and/or distribute other beverage products. In many cases
 such products compete directly with
 proves to be
less attractive to our distributors and/or if we fail to attract distributors
 and/or our distributors do not market and promote
our products with greater focus in preference to the products of our competitors
 our business
 financial condition and results
of operations could be adversely affected.


    
    


Our customers are material to our
success. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing customers
 our business could suffer.


our distributors
 grocery chains
 convenience chains
 drug stores
 nutrition stores
 mass merchants
 club warehouses and other
customers to discontinue carrying all or any of our products that they are carrying at any time
 which could cause our business
to suffer.

Increases in cost or shortages of
raw materials or increases in costs of co-packing could harm our business


are flavors and ingredient blends as well as aluminum cans
 the prices of which are subject to fluctuations. We are uncertain whether
the prices of any of the above or any other raw materials or ingredients we utilize will rise in the future and whether we will
be able to pass any of such increases on to our customers. We do not use hedging agreements or alternative instruments to manage
the risks associated with securing sufficient ingredients or raw materials. In addition
 some of these raw materials
 such as our
distinctive sleek 12 ounce can
 are available from a single or a limited number of suppliers. As alternative sources of supply
may not be available
 any interruption in the supply of such raw materials might materially harm us.

Our failure to accurately estimate
demand for our products could adversely affect our business and financial results.


our products. If we materially underestimate demand for our products and are unable to secure sufficient ingredients or raw materials
we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis
 in which case our business
 financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

We depend upon our trademarks and
proprietary rights
 and any failure to protect our intellectual property rights or any claims that we are infringing upon the rights
of others may adversely affect our competitive position.


 in large part
 on
our ability to protect our current and future brands and products and to defend our intellectual property rights. We cannot be
sure that trademarks will be issued with respect to any future trademark applications or that our competitors will not challenge
invalidate or circumvent any existing or future trademarks issued to
 or licensed by
 us.


proprietary blends of ingredients. These blends are created by third-party suppliers to our specifications and then supplied to
our co-packers. Although all of the third parties in our supply and manufacture chain execute confidentiality agreements
 there
can be no assurance that our trade secrets
 including our proprietary ingredient blends will not become known to competitors.


 many of
whom are more established and have greater financial and personnel resources than we do
 may be able to replicate or reverse engineer
our processes
 brands
 flavors
 or our products in a manner that could circumvent our protective safeguards. Therefore
 we cannot
give you any assurance that our confidential business information will remain proprietary. Any such loss of confidentiality could
diminish or eliminate any competitive advantage provided by our proprietary information.

We may incur material losses as a
result of product recall and product liability


any of our products causes injury
 illness or death. We also may be required to recall some of our products if they become contaminated
or are damaged or mislabeled. A significant product liability judgment against us
 or a widespread product recall
 could have a
material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. The amount of the insurance we carry is
limited
 and that insurance is subject to certain exclusions and may or may not be adequate.

Our lack of product diversification
and inability to timely introduce new or alternative products could cause us to cease operations.


and our recent product line extensions
 including Celsius Heat&trade;. The risks associated with focusing on a limited product
line are substantial. If consumers do not accept our products or if there is a general decline in market demand for
 or any significant
decrease in
 the consumption of functional beverages
 we are not financially or operationally capable of introducing alternative
products within a short time frame. As a result
 such lack of acceptance or market demand decline could cause us to cease operations.


    
    


We are dependent on our key executives
and employees and the loss of any of their services could materially adversely affect us which may have a material adverse effect
on our Company.


upon the abilities of
 and personal relationships developed by our key executives and employees. The sudden loss of the services
of any key executive or employee could materially adversely affect our business and our prospects for the future. We do not have
key person insurance on the lives of such individuals.

We are dependent on our ability to
attract and retain qualified technical
 sales and managerial personnel


continuing ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical
 sales and managerial personnel. Competition for such personnel
in the beverage industry is intense and we may not be able to retain our key managerial
 sales and technical employees or attract
and retain additional highly qualified technical
 sales and managerial personnel in the future. Any inability to attract and retain
the necessary technical
 sales and managerial personnel could materially adversely affect us.

The FDA has not passed on the efficacy
of our products or the accuracy of any claim we make related to our products.


have been conducted relating to the calorie-burning and related effects of our products
 the results of these studies have not
been submitted to or reviewed by the FDA. Further
 the FDA has not passed on the efficacy of any of our products nor has it reviewed
or passed on any claims we make related to our products
 including the claim that our products aid consumers in burning calories
or enhancing their metabolism.

Our results of operations could be
adversely affected by natural catastrophes or public health crises
 in the locations in which we
 our distributors or our suppliers
operate.


or our distributors&rsquo; or suppliers&rsquo; operations and delivery of products and could adversely affect our results of operations
and financial condition. In addition
 our international operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises
 such
as pandemics and epidemics
 which could harm our business and cause our operating results to suffer. For example
 since December
2019
 an outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus in Wuhan
 China and elsewhere (including Europe) has resulted in travel disruption
and has affected certain companies&rsquo; operations. At this point
 the extent to which the coronavirus may impact our results
is uncertain. However
 since we operate on a fixed royalty basis in China we do not currently expect the coronavirus to have a
material adverse effect on results of operations and financial condition.



We are subject to significant competition
in the beverage industry


The principal areas of competition are pricing
 packaging
 distribution channel penetration
 development of new products and flavors
and marketing campaigns. Our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of manufacturers
most of which have substantially greater financial
 marketing and distribution resources and name recognition than we do.


to compete successfully include the taste and flavor of our products
 trade and consumer promotions
 rapid and effective development
of new
 unique cutting-edge products
 attractive and different packaging
 branded product advertising and pricing. Our products
compete with all liquid refreshments and with products of much larger and substantially better financed competitors
 including
the products of numerous nationally and internationally known producers
 such as The Coca Cola Company
 Dr. Pepper Snapple Group
PepsiCo
 Inc.
 Nestle
 Waters North America
 Inc.
 Hansen Natural Corp. and Red Bull. We also compete with companies that are smaller
or primarily local in operation. Our products also compete with private label brands such as those carried by supermarket chains
convenience store chains
 drug store chains
 mass merchants and club warehouses.


compete successfully in the functional beverage industry. The failure to do so would materially adversely affect our business
financial condition and results of operations.



    
    


We compete in an industry that is
brand-conscious
 so brand name recognition and acceptance of our products are critical to our success and significant marketing
and advertising could be needed to achieve and sustain brand recognition.


upon awareness and market acceptance of our products and brands by our targeted consumers. Our business depends on acceptance by
our independent distributors of our brand as one that has the potential to provide incremental sales growth rather than reduce
distributors&rsquo; existing beverage sales. The development of brand awareness and market acceptance is likely to require significant
 will achieve and maintain satisfactory
 brand to maintain
or increase acceptance or market penetration would likely have a material adverse effect on business
 financial condition and results
of operations.




our sales are seasonal. Our highest sales volumes generally occur in the second and third quarters
 which correspond to the warmer
months of the year in our major markets. Consumer demand for our products is also affected by weather conditions. Cool
 wet spring
or summer weather could result in decreased sales of our beverages and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

Our business is subject to many regulations
and noncompliance is costly


 marketing and sale of our
beverage products are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
 state and local health agencies. The marketing and
sale of our products internationally is similarly subject to compliance with applicable laws
 rules and regulations in those foreign
countries where our products are sold. If a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product or production run is not
in compliance with any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be stopped
 thus adversely affecting our business
financial condition and results of operations. Similarly
 any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage our
reputation and our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore
 the rules and regulations are subject to change from
time to time and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we have no way of anticipating whether changes in these rules
and regulations will impact our business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 environmental
tax or otherwise
 could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Risks related to our recent acquisition
of Func Food may adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


 including the recently
completed acquisition of Func Food
 involves potential risks
 including
 among other things:


The validity of our assumptions about sales
 revenues




Our ability to successfully integrate the acquisition;




The assumption of unknown liabilities
 losses or costs
for which we are not indemnified or




the benefits of the Func Food acquisition may not be fully realized
 if at all
 and our business
 financial condition and results
of operations could be negatively impacted.


    
    


Risk Factors Relating to our Status
as a Fully Reporting Public Company

We are subject to the periodic reporting
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) that require us to incur audit fees and legal
fees in connection with the preparation of such reports. These additional costs could reduce or eliminate our ability to earn a
profit.


requirements of the Exchange Act and as a result
 we are now required to file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In order
to comply with these requirements
 our independent registered public accounting firm has to review our financial statements on
a quarterly basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover
 our legal counsel has to review and assist in
the preparation of such reports. The costs charged by these professionals for such services cannot be accurately predicted at this
time because factors such as the number and type of transactions that we engage in and the complexity of our reports cannot be
determined at this time and will have a major effect on the amount of time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However
the incurrence of such costs will obviously be an expense to our operations and thus have a negative effect on our ability to meet
our overhead requirements and earn a profit. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud
 our business and
operating results could be harmed
 investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information
 and the trading price
of our common stock
 if a market ever develops
 could drop significantly.

If we do not maintain an effective internal control environment
as well as adequate control procedures over our financial reporting
 investor confidence may be adversely affected thereby affecting
the value of our stock price


control over our financial reporting and adequate controls related to our disclosures. As defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange
Act
 internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the principal executive and
principal financial officers and effected by the board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. If we fail to maintain adequate controls
 our business
 the results of operations
financial condition and/or the value of our stock may be adversely impacted.



We cannot guarantee the continued
existence of an active established public trading market for our common stock.


trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Trading in stock quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market may often experience wide fluctuations
in trading prices
 due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could
depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance.


    
    



a number of other factors
 including:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
competitive developments
 including announcements by competitors of new products or services or significant contracts
 acquisitions
 strategic partnerships
 joint ventures or capital commitments;




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    


Our board of directors has the authority
without shareholder approval
 to issue preferred stock with terms that may not be beneficial to common shareholders and with the
ability to affect adversely shareholder voting power and perpetuate their control over us.


board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock without any vote or further action by our shareholders. Our board of directors
has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. As a result
 our board of directors
could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon
liquidation
 the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and the right
to the redemption of the shares
 together with a premium
 prior to the redemption of our common stock.

The ability of our principal shareholders
to control our business may limit or eliminate minority shareholders&rsquo; ability to influence corporate affairs.


and/or preferred stock which holds a majority of the voting power of our issued and outstanding capital. Accordingly
 they will
be able to effectively control the election of directors
 as well as all other matters requiring shareholder approval. The interests
of our principal shareholders may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to the issuance of shares
 business
transactions with or sales to other companies
 selection of other directors and other business decisions. The minority shareholders
have no way of overriding decisions made by our principal shareholders. This level of control may also have an adverse impact on
the market value of our shares because our principal shareholders may institute or undertake transactions
 policies or programs
that result in losses
 may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and / or may sell sufficient
numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share.

We do not expect to pay cash dividends
in the foreseeable future


common stock. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock at any time in the foreseeable future. The future payment
of dividends directly depends upon our future earnings
 capital requirements
 financial requirements and other factors that our
board of directors will consider. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock
 return on your investment
if any
 will depend solely on an increase
 if any
 in the market value of our common stock.


    
    


Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.


are a &ldquo;

Item
2. Properties.


 we do not own any real property.
We currently lease our principal executive offices located at 2424 N Federal Highway
 Boca Raton
 Florida 33431. Our premises are
leased for a monthly cost of $12
826. The current lease expires on October 2020. The Company has no warehouses or other facilities
as we store our product at third party contract warehouse facilities.


which have an aggregate monthly cost of approximately $9
500. These leases have different periods and extend until January 2022.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.


 on December 18
2018
 Rockstar
 Inc. (&ldquo;Rockstar&rdquo;) filed suit against Celsius in federal district court in the District of Nevada. Rockstar&rsquo;s
complaint alleged three claims for relief: (a) false advertising in violation of 15 USC &sect;1125(a); (b) violation of the Nevada
Deceptive Trade Practice Act; and (c) Nevada common law unfair competition. On January 16
 2020 the parties entered into a non-monetary
settlement of this litigation.


 2019
 Daniel Prescod filed
suit against Celsius in the Superior Court for the State of California
&rdquo;).
Daniel Prescod asserts that the Company&rsquo;s use of citric acid in its products while simultaneously claiming &ldquo;no preservatives&rdquo;
violates California Consumer Legal Remedies Act
 California Business and Professions Code Section 17200
 et seq.
 and California
Business and Professions Code Section 17500
 et seq.
 because citric acid acts as a preservative. The Company does not use citric
acid as a preservative in its products
 but rather as a flavoring
 and therefore it believes that its &ldquo;no preservatives&rdquo;
claim is fair and not deceptive. The Company intends to contest the claims vigorously. Since this matter is still in its initial
stages
 the Company is unable to predict the outcome at this time.


 2020
 Evlution Nutrition
LLC filed suit against Celsius in federal court for the Southern District of Florida
 for trademark infringement (the &ldquo;Evlution
Litigation&rdquo;). Evlution asserts that Celsius&rsquo; BCAA dietary supplement product&rsquo;s use of BCAA + ENERGY infringes
upon Evlution&rsquo;s registered trademarks. The Company believes that Evlution&rsquo;s trademarks are invalid
 merely descriptive
and unenforceable and Celsius has filed a cancellation proceeding regarding those trademarks with the Trademark Trial and Appeal
Board of the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The Company intends to defend against Evlution&rsquo;s claims vigorously.
Since this matter is still in its initial stages
 the Company is unable to predict the outcome at this time.


 from time
to time
 we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our
business.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures




    
    




Item
5. Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities.




 2018
 our common stock has
been listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol &ldquo;

Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans



    
    
    
securities to
be issued upon 
exercise of
outstanding options

warrants and rights
    
    
    
exercise price of
outstanding options

warrants and rights
    
    
    
securities 
remaining
available for 
future issuance
under equity 
compensation plans 
(excluding securities 
reflected in 
column (a))
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
528
378 shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
399
572
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
528
378 shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
399
572
    



Represents shares of common
stock reserved for issuance under our Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan and 2015 Incentive Stock Plan.






Item
6. Selected Financial Data

smaller
reporting company



    
    


Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

You should read the following discussion
in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the corresponding notes
 the unaudited financial statements and the corresponding
 contains forward-looking statements. The matters discussed
in these forward-looking statements are subject to risk
 uncertainties
 and other factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those made
&rdquo;
for a discussion of the uncertainties
 risks and assumptions associated with these statements.




December 31
 2019
 include the operations for Func Food as of the date of acquisition on October 25
 2019.

Year ended December 31
 2019 compared to year ended December
31
 2018 




 2019
 revenue
was approximately $75.1 million
 an increase of $22.5 million or 43% from $52.6 million for the year ended December 31
 2018. This
revenue growth in 2019 was mainly associated with the results of the North American region which delivered an increase of $20.8
million over last year or 53% increase from 2018. The European region provided $14.5 million
 an increase of $5.2 million or 56%
from $9.3 million for the year ended December 31
 2018. Asian revenues for the year ended December 31
 2019 reflect the change
in our China business model from a distribution model to a royalty and license fee arrangement
 effective January 1
 2019. Accordingly
Asian revenue for 2019 related to product sales was $492
000 and Asian revenue for 2019 related to royalties contributed an additional
$349
000. Revenues from all other regions in 2019 was $191
000 a 4% increase from $183
000 in 2018. The total increase in revenues
from the 2018 period to the 2019 period was primarily attributable to an increase in sales volume
 as opposed to increases in product
pricing.


of revenues by category and changes therein for the years ended December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2018:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
75
146
546
52
603
986
    

    
    
    
    

    
59
659
320
38
905
235
    

    
    
    
    

    
14
455
634
9
239
312
    

    
    
    
    

    
840
648
4
276
155
    

    
    
    
    

    
190
944
183
284
    




    
    





 2019
 gross
profit increased by approximately $10.2 million or 49% to $31.3 million from $21.1 million for the year ended December 31
 2018.
Gross profit margins totaled 42% and 40% in the years ended December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2018
 respectively. The increase
in gross margin profitability is mainly related to reductions in product repackaging costs
 freight costs and favorable impact
of the consolidation of the European business as a result of the acquisition of Func Food. The increase in gross profit dollars
from 2018 to 2019 is primarily attributable to the increases in revenue.




ended December 31
 2019
 were approximately $21.1 million
 a decrease of approximately $100
000 or .5% from $21.2 million for the
year ended December 31
 2018. The decrease is due primarily to the change in our China business model from a distribution model
to a royalty and licensing framework effective January 1
 2019
 which no longer requires direct marketing investments by Celsius.
Excluding the impact of the reduction in sales and marketing expenses related to the China investment which amounted to $7.2 million
for the year ended December 31
 2019
 our investment in marketing initiatives increased by $1.3 million or 20% from 2018. These
figures now include the marketing investments that are performed in our European business as of October 25
 2019. Moreover
 our
support to distributors and investments in trade activities were $2.3 million higher for the year ended December 31
 2019 than
for the same period last year
 to support our expanded distribution network. Additionally
 investments related to sales and marketing
personnel costs which now include the European business as of the date of the acquisition
 were $1.7 million higher for the year
ended December 31
 2019 than for the same period last year. Furthermore
 broker commissions and storage &amp; distribution costs
were $1.8 million higher in 2019
 as compared to 2018
 reflecting the increase in our business volume and the integration of Func
Food&rsquo;s European operations following completion of the acquisition.




31
 2019 were approximately $11.6 million
 an increase of $1.1 million
 or 11%
 from $10.5 million for the year ended December
31
 2018. However
 the prior year figures included $1.0 million pertaining to a legal settlement with a former distributor. Therefore
the increase in general and administrative expenses excluding this prior year impact amounts to $2.1 million. This increase was
primarily due to higher stock-based compensation of $540
000 and $580
000 of acquisition related costs. Additionally
 there were
incremental expenses of $452
000 pertaining to employee costs
 $250
000 pertaining to higher professional services
 $150
000 of
depreciation &amp; amortization and $130
000 pertaining to other administrative costs
 as these expenses also included the impact
of the integration of Func Food&rsquo;s European operations after the acquisition.




$11.9 million for year ended December 31
 2019 to $11.4 million from a loss of $565
000 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 primarily
as a result of the recognition of a gain pertaining to the restructuring agreement entered into with our Chinese distributor effective
January 1
 2019
 which
 in addition to changing our business model from a distribution to a license and royalty arrangement
 provided
for the repayment of the investment the Company made in the China market during 2017 and 2018 over a five-year period
 on an unsecured
interest-bearing basis. This has been recorded as a corresponding note receivable from our Chinese distributor on our balance sheet
at December 31
 2019.




 for the
year ended December 31
 2019
 net income to common shareholders was approximately $10.0 million
 or $0.16 per basic share based
on a weighted average of 60
761
995 shares outstanding and after adding back interest expense on convertible notes of $348
493
and amortization of discount on notes payable of $239
570
 a dilutive net income available to common shareholders of $10.6 million
or $0.16 per share
 based on a weighted average of 64
183
399 shares outstanding which includes the dilutive impact of the stock
options of 1
153
231 shares and the dilutive effect of the convertible notes of 2
268
173 shares. In comparison
 for the year
ended December 30
 2018 we had net loss of approximately $11.2 million
 and after giving effect to preferred stock dividends of
approximately $213
133
 a net loss available to common shareholders of $11.4 million or a loss of $0.23 per basic and diluted
shares
 based on a weighted average of 50
050
696 shares outstanding.

    
    





 2019
 and December 31
2018
 we had cash of approximately $23.1 million and $7.7 million
 respectively and working capital of approximately $24.8 million
and $19.6 million
 respectively. Cash provided by operations during the year ended December 31
 2019
 totaled approximately $1.0
million reflecting the net adjusted economic profitability from operations of $3.7 million and an increase in accounts payable
of $2.6 million which was partially offset by increases in accounts receivable
 inventories
 pre-paid expenses as well as decrease
in other liabilities for a total use of cash in these areas of $5.3 million. Cash used in operations for the year ended December
31
 2018 was $11.6 million mainly related to increases in inventories on hand
 pre-paid expenses
 investments in sales and marketing
programs as well as human resources initiatives.


our primary sources of working capital in recent years have been private placements of our securities and our credit facilities
with CD Financial
&rdquo;)
 an affiliate of Carl DeSantis
 a principal shareholder of the Company
as well as Charmnew Limited (&ldquo;


 2019
 the Company consummated
a public offering of an aggregate of 7
986
110 shares
 of its common stock at a public offering price of $3.60
 which included
the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase an additional 1
041
666 Shares. B. Riley FBR
 Inc. acted as
lead underwriter for the offering. The Company received net proceeds from the offering of approximately $26.9 million
 after deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company used a portion of the
net proceeds of the offering to fund the cash needed to consummate the acquisition of Func Food and related fees
 costs and expenses.
The remaining net proceeds of the offering are being used for general corporate purposes
 including funding marketing initiatives
and expanding European distribution of Celsius products.


Agreements (with Charmnew and Grieg on December 12
 2018
 and with CD Financial
 on December 14
 2018
 providing for aggregate
loans to the Company in principal amounts of $3
000
000
 $2
000
000 and $5
000
000
 respectively. In connection with the Loan Agreements
the Company executed and delivered Convertible Promissory Notes (the &ldquo;Notes&rdquo;) in favor of each of Charmnew
 Grieg and
CD Financial. The Notes had a maturity date of the second anniversary after issuance and bore interest at the rate of 5% per annum
payable semi-annually. Upon consummation of our September 2019 public offering
 the principal amount of and all accrued but unpaid
interest on the Notes held by Charmnew
 Grieg and CD Financial converted
 in accordance with their terms
 into 1
022
568
 681
712
and 1
492
180 shares of our common stock
 at a conversion price of $3.04
 $3.04 and $3.39
 respectively.


plan for the next twelve (12) months indicates a sufficient financial condition and we do not contemplate obtaining additional
financing. However
 if our sales volumes do not meet our projections
 expenses exceed our expectations
 or our plans change
 we
may be unable to generate enough cash flow from operations to cover our working capital requirements. In such case
 we may be required
to adjust our business plan
 by reducing marketing and other expenses or seek additional financing. There can be no assurance that
such financing
 if required
 will be available on commercially reasonable terms if at all.




 2019
 we had no off-balance sheet arrangements.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.




    
    


Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data


data listed in &ldquo;

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure



Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.




as well as our Chief Financial Officer
 conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act
 as of December 31
 2019
 to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the rules and forms adopted by the SEC
 including to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management
 including our President and Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial
Officer (our principal financial and accounting officer)
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.


 our President
and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31
 2019
 our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective in that (a) we maintain records that in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of our assets; (b) our records provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that our receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and board of directors; and (c) our records provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have
a material effect on our financial statements.


and our Chief Financial Officer do not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all error and all
fraud. Although our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
and our principal executive officer and our Chief Financial Officer have determined that our disclosure controls and procedures
are effective at doing so
 a control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
assurance that the objectives of the system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are
resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented if
there exists in an individual a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions.

Management&rsquo;s
report on internal control over financial reporting


for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act. Our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2019
 based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013). Internal control over financial
reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by
 or under the supervision
of
 the Company&rsquo;s principal executive and financial officers and effected by the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
 management
and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures
that:


Pertain to the maintenance
of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company&#894;



Provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the Company&#894; and



Provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements.




    
    



from management&rsquo;s report on internal control over financial reporting.


the above-referenced framework
 our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of
December 31
 2019
 our internal control over financial reporting was effective.


 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.




&rdquo; as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934
 as amended. Accordingly
 we have included the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in Item 8 setting
forth our registered public accounting firm&rsquo;s attestation report on the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
in accordance with Item 308 (b) of Regulation S-K.

Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial
Reporting


over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31
 2019
 that have materially affected
or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

Item
9B. Other Information.




    
    




Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.




of our directors and executive officers and their positions with Celsius:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


was named Chief Executive
Officer in April 2018 and has served as a director since March 2017. Mr. Fieldly originally joined Celsius in January 2012 as its
Chief Financial Officer and from March 2017 to March 2018 served as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.
Prior to joining Celsius Holdings
 Inc. he held leadership roles at Lebhar-Friedman
 Oragenics
 Inc. and Eckerd Drugs
 Inc. Mr.
Fieldly is a Certified Public Accountant in Florida. Mr. Fieldly&rsquo;s long tenure with the Company makes him a valuable member
of the board of directors in addition to his position as Chief Executive Officer.

became Chief
Financial Officer in July 2018. He is well versed in USGAAP and IFRS as a Certified Public Accountant and has significant experience
in mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Negron-Carballo served as the Chief Financial Officer of Concurrent Manufacturing Solutions
 LLC
from October 2012 to December 2017. Mr. Negron-Carballo&rsquo;s prior experience also includes working for major companies such
as KPMG
 Sodexo
 S.A.
 Tyco Healthcare-Latin America
 Energizer Battery and Frito-Lay.

 Mr. Castaldo joined
the Board in March 2013. His career spans over 30 years in consumer businesses in the food and beverage industry with executive
positions in public and private companies
 multi-nationals and start-ups. He is an Equity Partner and Advisory Board member of
Lime Fresh Mexican Grill
 a fast-casual Mexican restaurant chain and served as the company&rsquo;s CMO for 2 years. Mr. Castaldo
was an Equity Partner and member of the founding management team of Anthony&rsquo;s Coal Fired Pizza
 a casual dining restaurant
chain
 and served as President
 Senior Vice-President/Chief Marketing Officer
 and Board Member for 12 years. He served for 8 years
as President of Pollo Tropical
 a Miami-based fast casual restaurant chain. He has held senior Marketing positions at Denny&rsquo;s
CitiCorp Savings and Burger King. He is an Adjunct Professor at the H. Wayne Huizenga College of Business and Entrepreneurship
at Nova Southeastern University teaching courses in Marketing and Entrepreneurship and earned a MBA from Harvard University.

 became a director of
Celsius in May 2019. From 2012 to 2019
 Ms. Ebert has served as Senior Vice President of Marketing for Dr Pepper Snapple Group.
Prior to joining Dr Pepper Snapple Group
 Ms. Ebert spent 10 years with PepsiCo working in both their Frito-Lay and Quaker Foods
divisions and spent 5 years at General Mills working in several divisions including snacks
 cereals and desserts. Ms. Ebert brings
expertise in brand marketing
 media and advertising
 and innovation strategy and commercialization expertise making her a valuable
member of the board of directors.

joined Celsius&rsquo;
board of directors in March 2013. He has almost forty (40) years&rsquo; experience in product introduction and direct marketing
being one of the first to market products through infomercials. Since 2005
 he has been Chief Executive Officer of Harrington Business
Development
 Inc.
 a privately-held consulting firm. A serial entrepreneur
 Mr. Harrington appeared as one of the original panelists
on the ABC television program
.&rdquo; He currently also serves as Chairman of the Board of As Seen On
TV
 Inc.
 a public company which focuses on marketing products through infomercials and other direct marketing. Mr. Harrington&rsquo;s
extensive experience in product marketing makes him a valuable member of the board of directors.

became a director of
Celsius in April 2016. Since November of 2019
 Mr Kravitz has served as President
 Certified Management Group
 a division of Advantage
Solutions. From 2014 to 2018
 Mr. Kravitz served as Chief Executive Officer of AQUAhydrate
 Inc.
 a company engaged in the manufacture
distribution and marketing of bottled water. In 2013
 Mr. Kravitz helped form InterContinental Beverage Capital
 a New York-based
merchant bank focused on investments in the beverage industry. For over thirty (30) years prior thereto
 Mr. Kravitz served as
an executive officer and in other management positions in various units of the Coca-Cola system. We believe that Mr. Kravitz&rsquo;s
extensive experience in the beverage industry makes him a valuable member of the board of directors.

    
    


joined our board of directors
in April 2019. Mr. Lau is an investor and director of consumer and retail investments at Horizons Ventures


 a Hong Kong based private investment fund
 with whom he has been affiliated since 2014. Mr. Lau also manages
China businesses and expansion for Horizons portfolio companies. Prior to Horizons
 Mr. Lau was an investment banker with Goldman
Sachs
 specializing in technology
 media and telecommunications investment. Mr. Lau currently serves on the board of directors
of ChromaDex Corp. (Nasdaq: CDXC)
 a patented and proprietary ingredient technologies company. Mr. Lau earned a B.A. in Economics
and Finance from Peking University and is currently pursuing the Business Scholars Program (DBA) degree at the Cheung Kong Graduate
School of Business (CKGSB). The Company believes Mr. Lau is qualified to serve on the board of directors due to his extensive
and unique business background.


Thomas
 became a director of the Company in November 2009. For over forty-five (45) years
 he served as President of
the Plastridge Insurance Agency
 Inc.
 a multi-office insurance agency based in Delray Beach
 Florida. He is currently the Chairman
of the Board. The agency traces it origins back to 1919. Mr. Lynch has served on many different boards throughout the State of
Florida and has also served as an elected official on several governmental boards. He is currently the Mayor of the Village of
Golf
 Florida.

William
has served as a director of Celsius since August 2008. Since June 2000
 Mr. Milmoe has served as President
of CDS International Holdings
 Inc.
 a privately-held holding company based in Boca Raton
 Florida
 which oversees the business
investments and holdings of Carl De Santis
 one of our principal shareholders. William is a CPA and prior to joining CDS consulted
on various business and tax matters along with five years of service with PricewaterhouseCoopers.





term to hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders and until their successors are appointed and qualified
 or
until their removal
 resignation
 or death.








three standing committees
 an audit committee
 a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. The
audit committee currently consists of Messrs. Lynch
 Kravitz and Milmoe
 the compensation committee currently consists of Messrs.
Kravitz
 Castaldo and Harrington and the nominating and corporate governance committee currently consists of Messrs. Milmoe
 Lau
&rdquo; within the meaning
of the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market.


 we believe each of Messrs.
Lynch
 Kravitz
&rdquo; as the term is defined by the applicable
rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards
 based on their respective business professional
experience in the financial and accounting fields. At the time of the listing of our common stock for trading on the Nasdaq Stock
Market
 we are required to certify to the Nasdaq Stock Market
 that our audit committee has
 and will continue to have
 at least
one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting
 requisite professional certification in accounting
 or
other comparable experience or background that results in the individual&rsquo;s financial sophistication.




directors in its oversight of the company&rsquo;s accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the company&rsquo;s
financial statements
 including (i) the quality and integrity of the company&rsquo;s financial statements
 (ii) the company&rsquo;s
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
 (iii) the independent auditors&rsquo; qualifications and independence and (iv)
the performance of our company&rsquo;s internal audit functions and independent auditors
 as well as other matters which may come
before it as directed by the board of directors. Further
 the audit committee
 to the extent it deems necessary or appropriate
among its several other responsibilities
 shall:


be responsible for the
appointment
 compensation
 retention
 termination and oversight of the work of any independent auditor engaged for the purpose
of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit
 review or attest services for our company;



    
    



discuss the annual audited
financial statements and the quarterly unaudited financial statements with management and the independent auditor prior to their
filing with the SEC in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q;



review with the company&rsquo;s
financial management on a period basis (a) issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement presentations
 including
any significant changes in our company&rsquo;s selection or application of accounting principles
 and (b) the effect of any regulatory
and accounting initiatives
 as well as off-balance sheet structures
 on the financial statements of our company;



monitor our Company&rsquo;s
policies for compliance with federal
 state
 local and foreign laws and regulations and our company&rsquo;s policies on corporate
conduct;



maintain open
 continuing
and direct communication between the board of directors
 the audit committee and our independent auditors; and



monitor our compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements and shall have the authority to initiate any special investigations of conflicts of interest
and compliance with federal
 state and local laws and regulations
 including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 as may be warranted.



committee.




of directors in meeting its responsibilities relating to the compensation of our company&rsquo;s executive officers and to administer
all incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans of the company
 including the plans under which company securities may
be acquired by directors
 executive officers
 employees and consultants. Further
 the compensation committee
 to the extent it
deems necessary or appropriate
 among its several other responsibilities
 shall:


review periodically
our company&rsquo;s philosophy regarding executive compensation to (i) ensure the attraction and retention of corporate officers;
(ii) ensure the motivation of corporate officers to achieve our company&rsquo;s business objectives
 and (iii) align the interests
of key management with the long-term interests of our company&rsquo;s shareholders;



review and approve corporate
goals and objectives relating to Chief Executive Officer compensation and other executive officers of Celsius;



make recommendations
to the board of directors regarding compensation for non-employee directors
 and review periodically non-employee director compensation
in relation to other comparable companies and in light of such factors as the compensation committee may deem appropriate; and



review periodically
reports from management regarding funding our company&rsquo;s pension
 retirement
 long-term disability and other management welfare
and benefit plans.



committee.

Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee


committee recommends to the board of directors individuals qualified to serve as directors and on committees of the board of directors
to advise the board of directors with respect to the board of directors composition
 procedures and committees to develop and recommend
to the board of directors a set of corporate governance principles applicable to the Company; and to oversee the evaluation of
the board of directors and Celsius&rsquo; management.



    
    



 the nominating and corporate governance
committee
 to the extent it deems necessary or appropriate
 among its several other responsibilities shall:


recommend to the board
of directors and for approval by a majority of independent directors for election by shareholders or appointment by the board
of directors as the case may be
 pursuant to our bylaws and consistent with the board of director&rsquo;s evidence for selecting
new directors;



review the suitability
for continued service as a director of each member of the board of directors when his or her term expires or when he or she has
a significant change in status;



review annually the
composition of the board of directors and to review periodically the size of the board of directors;



make recommendations
on the frequency and structure of board of directors&rsquo; meetings or any other aspect of procedures of the board of directors;



make recommendations
regarding the chairmanship and composition of standing committees and monitor their functions;



review annually committee
assignments and chairmanships;



recommend the establishment
of special committees as may be necessary or desirable from time to time; and



develop and review periodically
corporate governance procedures and consider any other corporate governance issue.



of our nominating and corporate governance committee.




our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our common stock (collectively

Persons
required to be supplied to us. To our knowledge
 based on our review of such reports
 during the year ended December 31
 2019 the
Reporting Persons complied with all applicable Section 16(a) reporting requirements.




to all of our executive officers
 directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that
govern all aspects of our business. This document will be made available in print
 free of charge
 to any shareholder requesting
a copy in writing from our Secretary at our executive offices in Boca Raton
 Florida.




periodic meetings with management and the Company&rsquo;s independent auditors to perform risk oversight with respect to the Company&rsquo;s
internal control processes. The Company believes that the board&rsquo;s role in risk oversight does not materially affect the leadership
structure of the Company


    
    


Item
11. Executive Compensation




information concerning the compensation paid to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 who are our two executive
officers
 during the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018 and 2017.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

John Fieldly
 CEO
    
422
300
234
377
400

    
5
889
662
566

    
    
410
000
223
450
450

    
8
668
642
118

    
    
375
000
214
688
200

    
    
589
688

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Edwin Negron-Carballo
 CFO
    
206
000
67
980
350

    
    
274
488

    
    
92
308
33
825
150

    
    
126
791

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



Mr. Fieldly was appointed Chief Executive Officer on April
16
 2018. Mr. Fieldly joined Celsius in January 2012 as its Chief Financial Officer and from March 2017 to March 2018 served as




Mr. Negron-Carballo joined the Company on July 18
 2018




Represents stock options granted under our 2015 Incentive
Stock Plan to purchase 150
000 and 150
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.72 and $3.23 per share. The options
vest in three annual installments commencing one year from the date of grant
 subject to continued employment and expire ten (10)
years from the date of grant. In addition
 a 100
000-share restricted stock award was granted to Mr. Fieldly subject to a vesting
schedule where 40
000 shares are immediately vested and 60
000 shares vest in the sole discretion by the Board of Directors upon
their determination on October 23
 2020




Represents stock options granted under our 2015 Incentive
Stock Plan to purchase 150
000 and 300
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $5.80 and $4.48 per share. The options
vest in three annual installments commencing one year from the date of grant
 subject to continued employment and expire ten (10)




Represents stock options granted under our 2015 Incentive
Stock Plan to purchase 150
000 and 150
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.72 and $3.23 per share. The options
vest in three annual installments commencing one year from the date of grant
 subject to continued employment and expire ten (10)
years from the date of grant. In addition
 a 50
000 share restricted stock award was granted to Mr. Negron-Carballo subject to
a vesting schedule where 20
000 shares are immediately vested and 30
000 shares vest in the sole discretion by the Board of Directors
upon their determination on October 23
 2020




Represents stock options granted under our 2015 Incentive
Stock Plan to purchase 150
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $4.60 per share. The options vest in three annual
installments commencing one year from the date of grant
 subject to continued employment and expire ten (10) years from the date





    
    



 executive officers are entitled
to participate in benefit plans maintained for employees of the Company generally.&nbsp;




 2018
 the Company entered
into an employment agreement with John Fieldly in connection with Mr. Fieldly&rsquo;s appointment as Chief Executive Officer of
the Company. The initial term of the employment agreement is through December 31
 2020. The employment agreement provides for a
base annual salary of $410
000
 eligibility for performance-based incentive bonuses
 pursuant to such criteria as may be established
by our compensation committee and the grant of options to Mr. Fieldly under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan to purchase 300
000 shares

rata
&rdquo; (as defined
&rdquo; payment in an amount equal to twice the total compensation (including
performance bonus
&rdquo; following
&rdquo; (as defined therein). The employment agreement contains customary confidentiality and
non-competition provisions.




paid to our directors for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2019.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
110
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
110
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
110
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
000
    
    
105
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
110
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
110
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
110
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
000
    




Represents options to purchase
55
000 and 55
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.73 and $3.23 per share granted under our 2015 Incentive Stock
Plan in February 2019. In addition
 Regan Ebert received options to purchase 50
000 and 55
000 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of $4.42 and $3.23 per share granted under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan in June 2019.


Narrative Disclosure to the Director
Compensation Table


with options to purchase common stock or awards of common stock as determined by the compensation committee. Non-employee directors
are also reimbursed for out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with attending meetings.


    
    


Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
Year-End 


with respect to stock awards and grants of options to purchase our common stock outstanding to the named executive officers at
December 31
 2019.



    
    
    
securities
underlying 
unexercised
Options (#)
    
    
securities 
underlying
unexercised
unearned 
options
    
    
average option 
exercise
price
    
    
expiration

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
673
333
    
    
560
000
    
    
560
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
100
000
    
    
380
000
    
    
380
000
    
    
    
    
    



Represents grants of stock
options under our Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan and 2015 Incentive Stock Plan.





 we adopted our 2006 Incentive
Stock Plan
 which was amended in July 2009. The Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan provided for equity incentives to be granted
to our employees
 officers or directors or to key advisers or consultants. Equity incentives may be in the form of stock options
with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the underlying shares as determined pursuant to the Amended 2006
Incentive Stock Plan
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock awards
 stock bonus awards
 other stock-based awards
 or any
combination of the foregoing. The Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan is administered by the compensation committee of the board
of directors. Options to purchase 752
794 shares of common stock are outstanding under the 2006 Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan
as of the date of this Report. The Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan (but not awards thereunder) expired in January 2019.




 adopted
in April 2015
 provides for equity incentives to be granted to our employees
 executive officers or directors or to key advisers
or consultants. Equity incentives may be in the form of stock options with an exercise price not less than the fair market value
of the underlying shares as determined pursuant to the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan
 restricted stock awards
 other stock-based awards
or any combination of the foregoing. The 2015 Incentive Stock Plan is administered by the compensation committee of the board of
directors. There are 6
175
156 shares of our common stock are currently reserved for issuance pursuant to the exercise of awards
under the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan. The number of shares so reserved automatically adjusts upward on January 1 of each year
 so
that the number of shares covered by the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan is equal to 15% of our then issued and outstanding common stock.
Stock option and awards to purchase an aggregate of 5
775
584 shares of our common stock are outstanding under the 2015 Incentive
Stock Plan as of the date of this Report.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation




    
    


Item
12.


 as of the
date of this Report
 the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each executive officer and director
 by each person known
by us to beneficially own 5% or more of our common stock and by executive officers and directors as a group. The address of the
each of the executive officers and directors set forth in the table is c/o the Company
 2424 North Federal Highway
 Suite 208
Boca Raton
 Florida 33431.



Names and addresses of
    beneficial owners
    
    
Shares of 
common stock
    
    
    
class (%)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
063
334
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
140
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
310
645
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
101
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
201
667
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
317
475
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
332
709
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
23
662
517
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
26
146
681
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
23
388
990
    
    
    
    
    

    
Delray Beach
 Florida 33483
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
066
014
    
    
    
    
    

    
2 Queen&rsquo;s Road Central 
Hong Kong
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
House 4 
2 Island Road
 
Hong Kong.
    
    
6
279
964
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


        

 43

 NY 10018&nbsp;
    
    
3
972
659
    
    
    
    
    







and investment power with respect to the shares indicated. Under the rules of the SEC
 a person (or group of persons) is deemed
&rdquo; of a security if he or she
 directly or indirectly
 has or shares the power to vote
or to direct the voting of such security
 or the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. Accordingly
more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same security.


    
    



Includes (a) 706
668 shares
of our common stock that are issuable upon exercise of stock options and restricted stock rights and (b) 356
666 shares of common
stock held of record by Mr. Fieldly.



Represents (a) 120
000 shares of common stock issuable
upon the exercise of stock options and (b) 20




Represents (a) 141
667 shares of common stock issuable
upon the exercise of stock options and (b) 168




Represents shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise




Represents shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise




Represents shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise




Represents (a) 181
667 shares of common stock issuable
upon the exercise of stock options and (b) 135




Represents (a) 183
625 shares of common stock issuable
upon the exercise of stock options and (b) 149




Represents (a) 169
902 shares of common stock held of record
by Mr. Milmoe; (b) 103
625 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options; (c) 14
360
311 shares of common stock
held of record by CDS Ventures
 LLC (&ldquo;CDS Ventures&rdquo;); (d) 9
028
679 shares of common stock held of record by CD Financial.
Mr. Milmoe and Carl DeSantis share voting power with respect to shares of common stock beneficially owned by CDS Ventures and




Includes (a) the shares of common stock issuable upon the
exercise of stock options and the owned and held of record by CD Financial and CDS Ventures
 LLC beneficially owned by Mr. Milmoe
as set forth in footnote (9) above; and (b) the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and the shares




Represents (a) 14
360
311 shares of common stock held of
record by CDS Ventures and (b) 9
028
679 shares of common stock held of record by CD Financial. Voting power of shares of common
stock beneficially owned by CDS Ventures and CD Financial is shared by Mr. DeSantis and William H. Milmoe. Mr. De Santis has sole




Represents 9
066
014 shares of common stock held of record




Represents 6
279
964 shares of common stock held of record
by Grieg International Limited and Oscar Time Limited









    
    


Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans 



    
    
    
securities to
be issued upon 
exercise of
outstanding 
options

warrants and rights
    
    
    
    
exercise price of
outstanding 
options

warrants and rights
    
    
    
securities 
remaining
available for 
future issuance
under equity 
compensation plans 
(excluding 
securities
reflected in 
column (a))
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
528
378 shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
399
572
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
528
378 shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
399
572
    



Represents shares of common
stock reserved for issuance under our Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan and our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan.



    
    


Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.




at 2424 N Federal Highway
 Boca Raton
 Florida 33431 are leased from a company affiliated with CD Financial. The lease expires
in October 2020 and provides for monthly rent of $12
826. We believe that the monthly rent is commensurate with other properties
available in the market.




(the &ldquo;Loan Agreements&rdquo;) with Charmnew and Grieg on December 12
 2018
 and with CD Financial
 on December 14
 2018
providing for aggregate loans to the Company in principal amounts of $3
000
000
 $2
000
000 and $5
000
000
 respectively. In connection
with the Loan Agreements
 the Company executed and delivered Convertible Promissory Notes (the &ldquo;Notes&rdquo;) in favor of
each of Charmnew
 Grieg and CD Financial. The Notes had a maturity date of the second anniversary after issuance and bore interest
at the rate of 5% per annum payable semi-annually. Upon consummation of our September 2019 public offering
 the principal amount
of and all accrued but unpaid interest on the Notes held by Charmnew
 Grieg and CD Financial converted
 in accordance with their
terms
 into 1
022
705
 681
803 and 1
492
385 shares of our common stock
 at a conversion price of $3.04
 $3.04 and $3.39
 respectively.




to the review
 approval or ratification of our board of directors or an appropriate committee thereof.


    
    


Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.




the audit
 tax and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance fees billed to us for professional services rendered for the years ended December
31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.




    
 December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
179
100
119
500

    
8
750
8
750

    
70
462
52
120




-Audit fees consist
of billings for the audit of the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements by Assurance Dimensions including the Company&rsquo;s
Registration Statement on Form 10
 our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and reviews of the consolidated financial statements included
in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance in 2019.

-Tax fees related
to paid to our tax professionals regarding tax processes and the filing of our tax returns.

-All other Fees
mainly pertain to Sarbanes-Oxley related work
 performed by a specialized external audit firm in 2019. The 2019 figures include
audit and all related accounting services pertaining to our European business as of the date of the acquisition. The 2019 figures
reflect the impact of the European business integration as of the date of the acquisition.


consisting of &ldquo;independent&rdquo; directors. It is the Company&rsquo;s policy to have its Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer preapprove all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent public accountants
 subject
to approval by the audit committee. These services may include audit
 audit-related
 tax and other services. Pre-approval is generally
for up to one year
 is detailed as to the particular service or category of services
 and is generally subject to a specific budget.
Unless there are significant variations from the pre-approved services and fees
 the independent public accountants and management
generally are not required to formally report to the audit committee regarding actual services and related fees.

Item
15. Financial Statements and Exhibits


The following documents
are filed as part of this Report:



Financial Statements.
The following consolidated financial statements and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm
 are
filed as &ldquo;Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&rdquo; of this Report:





 2019 and 2018


31
 2019 and 2018


ended December 31
 2019 and 2018


for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018


31
 2019 and 2018




Financial Statement
Schedules.



are omitted because the information required is not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements
or notes thereto.


    
    








    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Articles of Incorporation
 as amended*

    
    
    

    
    
Bylaws
 as amended*

    
    
    

    
    
Loan and Security Agreement with CD Financial
 LLC
 as amended*

    
    
    

    
    
Investors&rsquo; Rights Agreement dated April 20
 2015*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement effective January 1
 2016 with John Fieldly*

    
    
    

    
    
Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated April 20
 2015*

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement effective January 1
 2017 between the Company and John Fieldly

    
    
    

    
    
Addendum to Employment Agreement effective March 1
 2017 between the Company and John Fieldly

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement dated April 16
 2018 between the Company and John Fieldly

    
    
    

    
    
Convertible Loan Agreement between the Company and Charmnew Limited dated December 12
 2019****

    
    
    

    
    
Convertible Loan Agreement between the Company and Grieg International Limited dated December 12
 2019****

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Convertible Loan Agreement between the Company and CD Financial
 LLC dated December 14
 2018****

    
    
    

    
    
Convertible Promissory Note in favor of Charmew Limited dated December 12
 2018****

    
    
    

    
    
Convertible Promissory Note in favor of Grieg International Limited dated December 12
 2018****&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
Master Transfer Agreement dated effective September 11
 2019*****

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Consent
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm******

    
    
    

    
    
Section
    302 Certification by Chief Executive Officer******

    
    
    

    
    
Section
    302 Certification by Chief Financial Officer******

    
    
    

    
    
Section
    906 Certification by Chief Executive Officer******

    
    
    

    
    
Section
    906 Certification by Chief Financial Officer******


Management compensation plan
or arrangement.

*Previously
filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form 10 and incorporated herein by reference.

**Previously
filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 27
 2017 and incorporated herein by reference.

***Previously
filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 20
 2018 and incorporated herein by reference.

****Previously
filed as an Exhibit to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 19
 2018 and incorporated herein by reference.



*****Filed as an Exhibit to the
Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 11
 2019 and incorporated herein by reference.



    
    





Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.



Date: March 12
 2020 
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC.

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

 Chief Executive Officer&nbsp;
        




    
    
    

    
    
    

 Chief Financial Officer&nbsp;
        



 this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
President
 Chief Executive Officer and Director
    
March 12
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 12
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 12
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 12
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 12
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 12
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 12
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 12
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 12
 2020

    
    
    
    
    



    
    






    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income/(loss) for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
    

    
    

    
    



    
    





REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


Stockholders of Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

Opinions on the Financial Statements
and Internal Control over Financial Reporting


of Celsius Holdings
 Inc. (the Company) as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
comprehensive income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
2019
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2019

Framework (2013)


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
2019 and 2018 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December
31
 2019
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also
 in our opinion
 the
Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2019
 based
on criteria established in 




for these consolidated financial statements
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements
and an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with
respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud
 and whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.


statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements
whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a
test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal
Control over Financial Reporting


financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records
that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.


 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Coconut Creek
 Florida 
    

March 12
 2020
    



    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 
Consolidated Balance
Sheets



    
December&nbsp;31

December&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
23
090
682
7
743
181

    
7
774
618
12
980
396

    
1
181
116
    

    
15
292
349
11
482
701

    
4
170
136
2
299
375

    
51
508
901
34
505
653

    
    
    

    
10
630
041
    

    
132
889
121
854

    
809
466
    

    
104
134
    

    
17
173
000
    

    
10
023
806
    

    
90
382
236
34
627
507

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
17
292
647
14
845
211

    
649
074
    

    
8
634
279
    

    
107
399
19
933

    
26
683
399
14
865
144

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
239
848
    

    
    
3
500
000

    
    
4
459
381

    
26
923
247
22
824
525

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 2
500
000 shares authorized
 zero shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2018 (note 15)
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized
 68
941
311 and 57
002
508 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2018
 respectively (note 17)
68
942
57
003

    
127
552
998
85
153
667

    
(753
520
(26
997

    
(63
409
431
(73
380
691

    
63
458
989
11
802
982

    
90
382
236
34
627
507


The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 
Consolidated Statements
of Operations



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
75
146
546
52
603
986

    
43
844
733
31
543
608

    
31
301
813
21
060
378

    
    
    

    
21
129
722
21
213
530

    
11
620
534
10
487
592

    
32
750
256
31
701
122

    
    
    

    
(1
448
443
(10
640
744

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
381
728
    

    
(509
430
(174
409

    
(57
579
    

    
    
(377
048

    
(707
286
(14
447

    
(119
188
    

    
(29
579
    

    
12
461
037
    

    
11
419
703
(565
904

    
    
    

    
9
971
260
(11
206
648

    
    
    

    
    
(213
133

    
9
971
260
(11
419
781

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
60
761
995
50
050
696

    
64
183
399
50
050
696



Please refer to Earnings per Share section for further



The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 
Consolidated Statements
of Comprehensive Income/(loss)
For the years ended December 31
 2019
and 2018



    
    

    



    
    
    


 as reported
9
971
260
(11
419
781

    
    
    

    
(60
580
12
381

    
9
910
680
(11
407
400


The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated Statements
of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity 
For the Years Ended December 31
 2019
and 2018



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Preferred
    Stock
Common
    Stock
Additional
    
    
    Comprehensive
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
Income
    (Loss)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    at December 31
 2017
6
760
    
45
701
593
45
702
79
101
824
(39
378
(61
960
910
17
147
245

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred stock C
    - conversion to common stock
(3
016
    
5
806
022
5
806
    
    
    
5
803

Issuance of preferred
    stock for conversion of accrued dividends
    
    
    
    
255
903
    
    
255
903

Preferred stock D-
    conversion to common stock
(4
000
    
4
651
163
4
651
(10
450
    
    
(5
803

    
    
    
    
    
4
293
797
    
    
4
293
797

Issuance of common
    stock in exchange of service
    
    
60
000
    
279
540
    
    
279
600

Issuance of common
    stock pursuant to exercise of stock options - Cashless
    
    
313
008
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common
    stock pursuant to exercise of stock options - Cash
    
    
470
722
    
301
252
    
    
301
723

    
    
    
    
    
377
048
    
    
377
048

Beneficial Conversion
    Feature on Convertible Instruments
    
    
    
    
555
066
    
    
555
066

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(213
133
(213
133

    
    
    
    
    
    
12
381
    
12
381

Net
    loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
(11
206
648
(11
206
648

Balance
    at December 31
 2018
    
    
57
002
508
57
003
85
153
667
(26
997
(73
380
691
11
802
982

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common
    stock from public offering
    
    
7
986
110
7
986
26
947
451
    
    
26
955
437

Issuance of common
    stock on conversion of note payable
    
    
3
196
460
3
196
10
230
136
    
    
10
233
332

    
    
    
    
    
4
831
750
    
    
4
831
750

Issuance of common
    stock pursuant to exercise of stock options - Cashless
    
    
510
649
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common
    stock pursuant to exercise of stock options - Cash
    
    
245
584
    
223
837
    
    
224
083

Beneficial Conversion
    Feature on Convertible Instruments
    
    
    
    
166
668
    
    
166
668

    
    
    
    
    
    
(726
523
    
(726
523

Net
    income
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
971
260
9
971
260

Balance
    at December 31
 2019
    
    
68
941
311
68
942
127
552
998
(753
520
(63
409
431
63
458
989


The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows



    
    

    





    
    
    

    
9
971
260
(11
206
648

    
    
    

    
66
939
72
162

    
826
474
    

    
    
377
048

    
    
279
600

    
4
831
750
4
293
797

    
109
393
    

    
331
985
    

    
(12
461
037
    

    
    
    

    
(1
432
980
(6
604
738

    
(2
239
254
(6
177
196

    
(805
571
(1
118
930

    
2
624
892
8
533
388

    
    
(96
916

    
105
943
    

    
(895
806
2
013

    
1
033
988
(11
646
420

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(77
974
(110
417

    
(14
188
056
    

    
(14
266
030
(110
417

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(26
486
    


 net
1
500
000
5
000
000

    
26
955
437
    

    
224
083
301
013

    
28
653
034
5
301
013

    
    
    

    
(73
491
(12
381

    
    
    

    
15
347
501
(6
443
443

    
    
    

    
7
743
181
14
186
624

    
    
    

    
23
090
682
7
743
181

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
131
528
174
409

    
    
40
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
233
332
    

    
    
    

    
3
314
146
    

    
258
688
    

    
175
185
    

    
(3
748
019
    

    
    
    

    
1
300
468
    

    
2
161
067
    

    
1
240
375
    

    
17
173
000
    

    
10
024
000
    

    
(3
489
080
    

    
(817
041
    

    
(8
356
958
    

    
(532
088
    


The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements
December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    


&mdash;Celsius
Holdings
&rdquo;) was incorporated under the laws of the
State of Nevada on April 26
 2005. On January 24
 2007
 the Company entered into a merger agreement and plan of reorganization
with Elite FX
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 Elite FX
 Inc. was merged into the Company&rsquo;s
subsidiary
 Celsius
 Inc. and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company on January 26
 2007. In addition
 on March 28
 2007
the Company established Celsius Netshipments
 Inc. a Florida corporation as two subsidiaries of the Company. On February 7
 2018
the Company established Celsius Asia Holdings Limited a Hong Kong corporation as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. On February
7
 2018 Celsius China Holdings Limited a Hong Kong corporation became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celsius Asia Holdings Limited
and on May 9
 2018
 Celsius Asia Holdings Limited established Celsius (Beijing) Beverage Limited
 a China corporation as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Celsius Asia Holdings Limited. On September 3
 2019 the Company established Celsius European Holdings B.V. as a wholly-
owned subsidiary of the Company. On October 25
 2019
 Func Food Group Oyj became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celsius European
Holdings B.V.


 marketing
sale and distribution of &ldquo;



    
    



have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;US GAAP&rdquo;).


&mdash; The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Celsius Holdings
 Inc. and its subsidiaries.
All material inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.


&mdash; The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts
 reserves for inventory obsolescence
the useful lives and values of property
 fixtures
 equipment and intangible assets
 valuation of goodwill
 valuation of stock-based
compensation
 and deferred tax asset valuation allowance.

&mdash;
Although the Company has a number of operating divisions
 separate segment data has not been presented
 as they meet the criteria
for aggregation as permitted by ASC Topic 280
 Segment Reporting
 (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS)
No. 131
 


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    



&mdash; Substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s revenue derives from the sale of Celsius &reg; beverages.


relationships for its raw materials purchases and filling capacity
 which potentially subjects the Company to a concentration of
business risk. If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to the Company
 operations could
be adversely affected.


subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The
Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality financial institutions. At times
 balances in the Company&rsquo;s
cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31
 2019
 the Company had approximately $22.8
million in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit.


the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of revenue with
its customers:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2019 and 2018
the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its customers:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



derived from a customer located in the United States. Revenues from customer B were derived from a customer located in Sweden which
was acquired on October 25
 2019. Please refer to note 10
 further details. All other revenues customers were mainly derived from
the United States.


A are obtained from a customer located in the United States. Receivables from customer B were derived from a customer located
in Sweden which was acquired on October 25
 2019. Please refer to note 10
 further details. Receivables from customer C pertained
to a customer in China which now reflects the change in our China business model to a royalty and licensing framework.&nbsp;

 &mdash;
The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
At December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company did not have any investments with maturities of three months or less.

 &mdash;
Accounts receivable are reported at net realizable value. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon
factors pertaining to the credit risk of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. Delinquent accounts are
written-off when it is determined that the amounts are uncollectible. At December 31
 2019 and 2018
 there was an allowance for
doubtful accounts of $292
400 and $183
000
 respectively.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    


&mdash; Inventories
include only the purchase cost and are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined using the FIFO
method. Inventories consist of raw materials and finished products. The Company establishes an inventory reserve to reduce the
value of the inventory during the period in which such materials and products are no longer usable or marketable. Specifically
the Company reviews inventory utilization during the past twelve months and also customer orders for subsequent months. If there
has been no utilization during the last 12 months and there are no orders in-place in future months which will require the use
of inventory item
 then inventory item will be included as part of the reserve during the period being evaluated. Management will
then specifically evaluate whether these items may be utilized within a reasonable time frame (e.g.
 3 to 6 months). In 2019 and
2018
 the Company recorded inventory reserves in the amount of $332
000 and $74
650
 respectively. The increase in reserve is related
to recording European inventories at fair market value. The inventory reserve is included in cost of revenue. Free Samples are
recorded as cost of sales.


&mdash; Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation of property and
equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset generally ranging from three
to seven years.

Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets
 &ldquo;Property
 Plant
and Equipment&rdquo; the Company reviews the carrying value of intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at least
annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability
of long-lived assets is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group
is expected to generate. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount
by which the carrying amount of the property
 if any
 exceeds its fair value.

&mdash; The
Company records goodwill when the consideration paid for an acquisition exceeds the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets
acquired
 including related tax effects. Goodwill is not amortized; instead goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis
or more frequently if the Company believes indicators of impairment exist. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine
whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the Company determines
that the fair value is less than the carrying value
 the Company will use a two-step process to determine the amount of goodwill
impairment. The first step requires comparing the fair value of the reporting unit to its net book value
 including goodwill. A
potential impairment exists if the fair value of the reporting unit is lower than its net book value. The second step of the process
performed only if a potential impairment exists
 involves determining the difference between the fair value of the reporting unit&rsquo;s
net assets
 other than goodwill
 and the fair value of the reporting unit. An impairment charge is recognized for the excess of
the carrying value of goodwill over its implied fair value. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 there were no indicators for
impairment.


 2019 the Company
acquired 100% of Func Food Group Oyj (&ldquo;Func Food&rdquo;) their distributor in the Nordics. As a result of the acquisition
goodwill of approximately $10
024
000 resulted from the excess of the consideration paid and the fair value of net tangible and
intangible assets (see note 10). There was no other activity related to goodwill during the years ended December 31
 2019 or 2018.



    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    


 &ndash;
Intangible assets are comprised of customer relationships and brands acquired in a business combination. The Company amortizes
intangible assets with a definitive life over their respective useful lives. Intangibles with indefinite lives are tested for impairment
on an annual basis
 or more frequently if the Company believes indicators of impairment exist.

 &mdash;
The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 606 &ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&rdquo; The Company
recognizes revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Product sales occur
once control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects
to receive in exchange for transferring goods. The amount of consideration the Company receives and revenue the Company recognizes
varies with changes in customer incentives the Company offers to its customers and their customers. Sales taxes and other similar
taxes are excluded from revenue.

&mdash;
From time to time the Company requires deposits in advance of delivery of products and/or production runs. Such amounts are initially
recorded as customer advances liability within other current liabilities. The Company recognizes such revenue as it is earned in
accordance with revenue recognition policies.

 2019
 and
2018
 the Company did not have any customer advances.

 &mdash;
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. The Company uses mainly radio
 local sampling events
 sponsorships
 endorsements
 and
digital advertising. The Company incurred marketing and advertising expenses of approximately $7.9 million and $13.8 million
 during
years ending December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.


&mdash; Research and development costs are charged to general and administrative expenses as incurred and consist primarily of
consulting fees
 raw material usage and test productions of beverages. The Company incurred expenses of $341
000 and $572
000 during
years ending December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.

Foreign Currency Translation
&mdash;
are translated into U.S. dollars using current exchange rates. The U.S. dollar results that arise from such translation
 as well
as exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances of long-term investment nature
 are included in Comprehensive Income. The
Company incurred foreign currency translation losses during the year ending in December 31
 2019 of approximately $60
500 and a
gain of approximately $12
400 during the year ending December 31
 2018.


&mdash; The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and notes payable
approximates fair value due to their relative short-term maturity and market interest rates.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    



- ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally
 ASC 820 requires the use of valuation techniques
that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are prioritized below:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data
 which require the use of the reporting entity&rsquo;s own assumptions.



than these noted previously
 the Company did not have any other assets or liabilities measured at fair value at December 31
 2019
and 2018.

The
Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &ldquo;Accounting for Income Taxes
&rdquo; which requires
among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach require
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between
the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided to offset any net deferred
tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not be realized. The Company
follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to
When tax returns are
filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others
are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained.
In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period
during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained
upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    


Income
Taxes (continued) &mdash;
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely
of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions
taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the
accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon
examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company
has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.




effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be
effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions
considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered
more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open.


for tax years in 2016 through 2019 remain subject to potential examination by the taxing authorities.

&mdash;
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing net income (loss) available to stockholders by the weighted-average number
of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number of common
and dilutive common share equivalents outstanding during the period. Under ASC 260-10-45-16
 the calculation of diluted earnings
per share
 the numerator should be adjusted to add back any convertible dividends and the after-tax amount of interest recognized
in the period associated with any convertible debt. The denominator should include the number of additional common shares that
would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued.


have been presented for the year-to-date net income as of December 31
 2019. Other periods presented do not reflect the dilutive
shares
 as the effects would be anti-dilutive due to the fact that losses are being reflected for those periods. Please refer to
the below table for additional details:



    
 ended December 31


    
    
    

    
9
971
260
(11
419
781

    
    
    

    
    
213
133

    
348
493
    

    
239
570
    

    
10
559
323
(11
206
648

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
60
761
995
50
050
696

    
64
183
399
50
050
696



    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    


&mdash;The
Company follows the provisions of ASC Topic 718 &ldquo;Compensation &mdash; Stock Compensation&rdquo; and related interpretations.
As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the grants. On April 30
 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock
Incentive Plan. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and retain highly competent persons at all levels
as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting or advisory services to the Company
 by providing
them opportunities to acquire the Company&rsquo;s common stock or to receive monetary payments based on the value of such shares
pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and shares for up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there
is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares included under the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day
of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1
 2017 (note 19).

&mdash;
Cost of sales consists of the cost of concentrates and or beverage bases
 the costs of raw materials utilized in the manufacture
of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound &amp; out-bound freight charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs
warehouse expenses incurred prior to the manufacture of the Company&rsquo;s finished products and certain quality control costs.
Raw materials account for the largest portion of the cost of sales. Raw materials include cans
 bottles
 other containers
 flavors
ingredients and packaging materials.

&mdash;
Operating expenses include selling expenses such as warehousing expenses after manufacture
 as well as expenses for advertising
samplings and in-store demonstrations costs
 costs for merchandise displays
 point-of-sale materials and premium items
 sponsorship
expenses
 other marketing expenses and design expenses. Operating expenses also include such costs as payroll costs
 travel costs
professional service fees (including legal fees)
 depreciation and other general and administrative costs.

Shipping and Handling Costs

accompanying consolidated statements of income. Freight-out expense on goods shipped for years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
was approximately $6.3 million and $5.5 million
 respectively.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements


new accounting pronouncements as of the specified effective dates.

Leases
 The Company adopted ASU No. 2016-02
 as amended
 effective January 1
 2019. The adoption of the standard will
result in the recognition of right to use assets and lease liabilities that have not been previously recorded (note 7).


 the FASB issued
ASU No. 2017-04
 &ldquo;Intangibles and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment&rdquo;
 which eliminates
the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill
 but rather requires an entity to record an impairment charge based
on the excess of a reporting unit&rsquo;s carrying value over its fair value. This amendment is effective for annual or interim
goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the
adoption of this ASU to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued
ASU No. 2018-13
 Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value
Measurement. The amendments in this update modify the disclosure requirements on fair value measurements in Topic 820. The ASU
is effective for the Registrants for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods therein. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this standard on their Financial Statements.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    


Recent Accounting Pronouncements
(continued)


issued but not yet effective are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial position
with the exception of the updated previously disclosed above
 there have been no new accounting pronouncements not yet effective
that have significance to our consolidated financial statements.

&mdash; These
financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will be able to continue as a going concern. At December 31
 2019
the Company had an accumulated deficit of $63
409
431 which includes a net income available to common stockholders of $9
971
260
for year ended December 31
 2019. During the year ending December 31
 2019 the Company&rsquo;s net cash provided by operating activities
totaled approximately $1
034
000


 2019 the Company
issued 7
986
110 in a public placement and obtained gross proceeds of $28
749
996 and paid $1
585
000 in commissions &amp; fees
and incurred in $209
559 of expenses related to the capital raise thereby resulting in net-proceeds in the amount of $26
955
437.
Management deems that there is sufficient liquidity to properly operate the business for the next 12 twelve months.



    
    



reporting segment for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019 and 2018 is as follows:



    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
59
659
320
38
905
235

    
14
455
634
9
239
312

    
840
648
4
276
155

    
190
944
183
284

    
75
146
546
52
603
986





 the Company entered into a license and repayment
of investment agreement with Qifeng Food Technology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd (&ldquo;Qifeng&rdquo;). Under the agreement
 Qifeng was
granted the exclusive license rights to manufacture
 market and commercialize Celsius branded products in China. The term of the
agreement is 50 years
 with annual royalty fees due from Qifeng after the end of each calendar year. The royalty fees are based
on a percentage of Qifeng&rsquo;s sales of Celsius branded products; however
 the fees are fixed for the first five years of the
agreement
 totaling approximately $6.9 million
 and then are subject to annual guaranteed minimums over the remaining term of the
agreement.


 the Company grants Qifeng exclusive license
rights and provides ongoing support in product development
 brand promotion and technical expertise. The ongoing support is integral
to the exclusive license rights and
 as such
 both of these represent a combined
 single performance obligation. The transaction
price consists of the guaranteed minimums and the variable royalty fees
 all of which are allocated to the single performance obligation.


because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits from the services. The Company uses the passage of time
to measure progress towards satisfying its performance obligation because its efforts in providing the exclusive license rights
and ongoing support occur on a generally even basis throughout the year. Total revenue recognized under the agreement was approximately
$346
000 for the year ended December 31
 2019 which is included as part of other current assets and is reflected in the Company&rsquo;s
Asia reporting segment which was determined by the minimum royalties due during first year
 as per the licensing agreement.



    
    



at:



    





    
    
    

    
12
990
044
8
739
877

    
3
167
853
2
817
477

    
(865
548
(74
653

    
15
292
349
11
482
701



    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    



assets total $4
170
000 and $2
300
000
 at December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 and consist mainly of prepaid advances to
co-packers related to inventory production
 advertising
 prepaid insurance
 prepaid slotting fees
 value added tax payments and
deposits on purchases.



    
    
    






    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
181
116
    

    
10
630
041
    

    
11
811
157
    



 2019
 the Company
entered into a license and repayment of investment agreement with Qifeng Food Technology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd (&ldquo;Qifeng&rdquo;).
Under the agreement
 Qifeng will repay the market investment Celsius has made into China to date
 over a five-year period
 under
an unsecured
 interest-bearing note receivable (&ldquo;Note&rdquo;). The initial outstanding principal under the Note was approximately
$12.2 million which is denominated in Chinese Renminbi (CNY) and was recorded as Other Income on the Consolidated Statements of
Operations for the year ended December 31
 2019. The amount recognized considered the net of the balances of the accounts receivable
accounts payable and accrued expenses
 as well as the marketing investments that were performed in the China market.


plus accrued interest are due annually on March 31 of each year starting in 2020. The Note is recorded at amortized cost basis
and accrues interest at a rate per annum equal to the weighted average of 5% of the outstanding principal up to $5 million and
2% of the outstanding principal above $5 million. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 the weighted average interest rate was
3.21% and interest income was approximately $382
000.


for impairment periodically by evaluating whether it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all the contractual
interest and principal payments as scheduled in the Note agreement
 based on historical experience about Qifeng&rsquo;s ability
to pay
 the current economic environment and other factors. If the Note is determined to be impaired
 the impairment is measured
based on the present value of the expected future cash flows under the Note
 discounted at the Note&rsquo;s effective interest
rate. At December 31
 2019
 the Note was not deemed to be impaired.


note in the amount of RMB 13
253
093 is due on March 31
 2020. We were requested to provide a 3-month consideration to delay payment
until June 30
 2019
 due to the impact of the health crisis in China. For this consideration
 a guarantee was obtained for the
full amount of the first-installment and offers as collateral stock certificates in Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
 which amount to 570
412
shares. The consideration was provided and therefore payment in full of the first installment is expected to be provided on June
30
 2020.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    
    



 the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 (ASU 2016-02)
 Leases (Topic 842). Topic 842 requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use (ROU)
asset and lease liability in the balance sheet for all leases
 including operating leases with terms of more than twelve months.
The Company adopted Topic 842
 as amended
 effective January 1
 2019.


 the
Company recognized a ROU asset of $259
358 and a corresponding lease liability pertaining to the Company&rsquo;s operating lease
of its corporate office space from a related party (see Note 20)
 measured based on the present value of the future minimum lease
payments utilizing the Company&rsquo;s incremental borrowing rate as the basis for the computations. ROU assets also include any
lease payments made and exclude lease incentives. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably
certain that the Company will exercise that option. The adoption of Topic 842 did not have a material impact on our consolidated
statements of operations or consolidated statements of cash flows
 and did not result in a cumulative effect adjustment to retained
earnings in the period of adoption.


of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the Topic 842
 which allowed the Company to carry forward
the historical lease classification
 not reassess prior conclusions related to expired or existing contracts that are or that contain
leases
 and not reassess the accounting for initial direct costs.


operating lease of its corporate office space
 the Company acquired certain other leases of vehicles and office space as part of
its Acquisition of Func Food during the fourth quarter of 2019 (see Note 10).


the Company assesses whether the contract is
 or contains
 a lease. The Company&rsquo;s assessment is based on: (1) whether the
contract involves the use of a distinct identified asset
 (2) whether the Company obtains the right to substantially all the economic
benefit from the use of the asset throughout the term
 and (3) whether the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset.
At inception of a lease
 the Company allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease and non-lease component based on
the component&rsquo;s relative stand-alone price to determine the lease payments. Lease and non-lease components are accounted
for separately.


finance leases or operating leases based on criteria in Topic 842. The Company&rsquo;s operating leases are generally comprised
of real estate and vehicles
 and the Company&rsquo;s finance leases are generally comprised of vehicles.


leases
 consisting of lease payments
 is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Included in lease expense are
any variable lease payments incurred in the period that were not included in the initial lease liability. Lease expense for finance
leases consists of the amortization of the ROU asset on a straight-line basis over the asset&rsquo;s estimated useful life and
interest expense is calculated using the effective interest rate method.



    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    
    



lease cost recognized in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31
 2019:



    
    
December&nbsp;31
 
2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
188
977
    

    
    
97
478

    
188
977
97
478

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
2
288

    
    
2
288

    
    
    

    
188
977
99
766




leases on the consolidated statements of cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2019:



    
 December&nbsp;31
 

    

    
(182
917

    
(2
288

    
(185
205

    
    

    
    

    
(26
486

    
(26
486



remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for the Company&rsquo;s population of leases as of December 31
 2019:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



under the Company&rsquo;s leases as of December 31
 2019 are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
310
532
363
022
673
554

    
102
343
88
134
190
477

    
7
175
50
033
57
208

    
420
050
501
189
921
239

    
(17
823
(14
494
(32
317

    
402
227
486
695
888
922

    
(294
916
(354
158
(649
074

    
107
311
132
537
239
848




    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    






    





    
    
    

    
529
550
451
576

    
(396
661
(329
722

    
132
889
121
854



to $66
939 and $51
205 during year ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.



    
    



$10
023
806 resulting from the excess of the consideration paid and the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired
from the Func Food Acquisition (see note 10). There was no other activity related to goodwill during the years ended December 31
2019 or 2018.


acquired customer relationships and brands from the Func Food Acquisition
 amounting to approximately $14
050
000 and $3
123
000
respectively. Customer relationships are amortized over an estimated useful life of 25 years and brands have an indefinite life.


estimated amortization expense related to customer relationships as of December 31
 2019:





    

    
562
000

    
562
000

    
562
000

    
562
000

    
562
000

    
11
240
000

    
14
050
000




    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    



Func Food Group
 Oyj (&ldquo;Func Food) on October 25
 2019 (&ldquo;the Acquisition&rdquo;). The Acquisition was structured as
a purchase of all of Func Food&rsquo;s equity shares and a restructuring of Func Food&rsquo;s pre-existing debt. Total consideration
was $27
060
701
 which consisted of approximately $14
188
000 in cash
 $8
357
000 of newly issued bonds (see Note 14) and $4
516
000
related to the settlement of a pre-existing debt. In addition to the aforementioned bond issuance
 the Company financed the acquisition
by issuing new common shares.


distributor of nutritional supplements
 health food products and beverages
 that support sport activities and healthy living and
lifestyles in Finland
 Sweden
 and Norway. Func Food has been the Nordic distributor of Celsius products since 2015 and
 as a result
of the acquisition
 the Company expects to further increase its Nordic market share by leveraging collaborations
 revamping its
marketing strategy and focusing on core products. It also expects to reduce costs through economies of scale.


in accordance with ASC-805
 pertaining to business combinations. The following table summarizes the consideration paid for Func
Food and the amounts of the assets acquired at fair market value and liabilities assumed recognized at the Acquisition date.



    
    

    
14
188
056

    
8
356
958

    
4
515
687

    
27
060
701

    
    

    
    

    
1
300
468

    
2
161
067

    
331
774

    
    

    
806
572

    
101
413

    
14
050
000

    
3
123
000

    
(3
489
080

    
(817
041

    
(532
088

    
17
036
701

    
    

    
10
024
000



    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    



of operations have been presented as if the acquisition occurred on January 1
 2018



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
96
078
631
82
373
802

    
1
714
124
(34
401
626



31
 2019
 pro forma earnings include approximately $6.7 million of historical
 non-recurring charges of Func Food that are not
expected to have an ongoing effect after the Acquisition. These non-recurring charges consist of $2.2 million of inventory impairment
charges
 $0.3 million of restructuring charges
 and $4.2 million of incremental interest expense on Func Food&rsquo;s historical
debt that was restructured as part of the Acquisition. Consequently
 2019 earnings would have amounted to $8.5 million had these
non-recurring expenses not been incurred.


31
 2018
 pro forma earnings includes approximately $15.3 million of historical
 non-recurring charges of Func Food that are not
expected to have an ongoing effect after the Acquisition. These non-recurring charges consist of $1.6 million of inventory impairment
charges
 $0.4 million of restructuring charges
 $9.1 million of intangible asset and goodwill impairment
 and $4.2 million of incremental
interest expense on Func Food&rsquo;s historical debt that was restructured as part of the acquisition. The year ended December
31
 2018 would have reflected a loss of $19.1million had these non-recurring expenses not been incurred.



    
    



the following at:



    





    
    
    

    
10
159
900
5
825
446

    
7
132
747
9
019
765

    
17
292
647
14
845
211



    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    



at:



    





    
    
    

    
107
399
19
933

    
107
399
19
933




    
    



party consists of the following as of:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    


 the Company entered into a line of credit note payable with a related party and major shareholder which carries interest of five percent per annum paid quarterly. The Company can borrow up to $9
500
000. The Company has pledged all its assets as security for the line of credit. The note matures in January 2020
 at which time the principal amount is due. During April 2015
 the Company issued $4
000
000 of convertible series D preferred series in exchange for cancellation of $4
000
000 of this line
 reducing the amount to $4
500
000. &nbsp;During March 2018
 the Company issued $1
000
000 of common stock in exchange for cancellation of $1
000
000 of this line
 reducing the amount to $3
500
000. In December 2018
 the Company amended and restated the note payable into a line of credit loan agreement continuing to carry a five percent per annum interest but payable semi-annually.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company could borrow up to $5.0 million. &nbsp;As a result
 of this substantial modification which was treated as a debt extinguishment
 a new liability was established and a loss of $377
048 on the extinguishment of debt was recognized.&nbsp;&nbsp;The note had a maturity date of December 2020. In January 2019
 the Company increased the borrowed amount by $1
500
000 and recognized a discount of $166
668 regarding to the beneficial conversion feature of the note payable. &nbsp;In September 16
 2019
 the principal value of the note was converted into common shares as per promissory note which stated that in the event of financing greater than $25.0 million
 there would be an automatic conversion of these balances.&nbsp;&nbsp;The principal balance of $5.0 million and the accrued but unpaid interest in the amount of $52
778 were converted into common shares.&nbsp;&nbsp;Consequently
 a total of $5
052
778 were converted at the conversion price of $3.39 based on the on the average of the closing price for the shares during the ten (10) business days prior to the last advance date
 less a discount of 10%
 in accordance with the promissory note.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result of the conversion of the promissory note
 the Company recognized the remaining un-amortized balance of the discount of $108
454
 as interest expense.
    
    

    
    
3
500
000



    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018




    





    
    
    

    
    
    


 the Company entered into a line of credit note payable with a related party and shareholder which carries interest of five percent per annum paid semi-annually. The Company borrowed up to $3.0 million.&nbsp;&nbsp;This note had an unamortized discount of $324
371
 as of December 31
 2018. The note would have matured in December 2020. &nbsp;The note had an unamortized discount on the date of conversion of $205
837 which was recognized as interest expense upon conversion.&nbsp;&nbsp;On September 16
 2019
 the principal value of the note of $3.0 million and the accrued but unpaid interest in the amount of $108
333 were converted into common shares as per promissory note which stated that in the event of financing greater than $25.0 million
 there would be an automatic conversion of these balances. A total of 3
108
333 were converted at the conversion price of $3.04 which was determined based on the average of the closing price for the shares during the ten (10) business days prior to the Advance Date
 less a discount of 10%
 resulting in the issuance of 1
022
568 shares.
    
2
675
629

    
    
    


 the Company entered into a line of credit convertible note payable with a related party and shareholder which carries interest of five percent per annum paid semi-annually. The Company can borrow up to $2.0 million. This note had an unamortized discount of $216
248 as of December 31
 2018. The unamortized discount of $137
225 was recognized as interest expense on the conversion date. &nbsp;The note would have matured in December 2020. In September 16
 2019
 the principal value of the note of $2.0 million and the accrued but unpaid interest in the amount of $72
222 were converted into common shares as per promissory note which stated that in the event of financing greater than $25.0 million
 there would be an automatic conversion of these balances. A total of 2
072
222 were converted at the conversion price of $3.04 which was determined based on the average of the closing price for the shares during the ten (10) business days prior to the Advance Date
 less a discount of 10%
 resulting in the issuance of 681
712 shares.
    
1
783
752

    
    
4
459
381




    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018




    
    







    





    
    
    

Bonds issued as part of the purchase consideration to acquire Func Food (see note 9). The Bonds are Euro-denominated
 unregistered
 and were issued on October 25
 2019 at an initial nominal amount of approximately $9.1 million
 less discount and issuance costs of approximately $0.7 million. The Bonds accrue interest at a stated interest rate of 6.00% per annum
 due semi-annually in arrears
 with the first interest payment due on April 30
 2020. The maturity date of the Bonds is October 30
 2020. The Bonds are carried at the nominal amount
 less any unamortized discount and issuance costs. The discount is amortized using the effective interest rate method. As of December 31
 2019
 the unamortized balance of the discount is approximately $377
000. Amortization of the discount was approximately $78
250 for the year ended December 31
 2019. The bond issuance costs amounted to $229
250. The issuance costs are being amortized over a straight-line basis
 given the short-term nature and that it does not result in a material difference from applying the effective interest rate method. Amortization of the bond issuance costs from the issuance date through December 31
 2019 was $40
Upon maturity of the Bonds
 the Company may
 at its own election
 convert up to 50% of the outstanding nominal amount of the Bonds into shares of common stock of the Company
At the Company&rsquo;s election
 the Bonds are callable at 103% at any time. Additionally
 mandatory prepayments would be required in the event of either i) a capital raise consummated by the Company or ii) the sale of a certain product line of Func Food. To the fullest extent possible
 the net proceeds derived from either event must first be applied towards prepayment of the bonds at 103%
The Bonds are unsubordinated and are guaranteed by Func Food and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. The Bonds are secured by substantially all the assets of Func Food. The Bonds contain certain financial covenants that are specific to Func Food
 mainly related to minimum cash requirements at the end of each quarter. As of December 31
 2019
 Func Food is in compliance with these covenants.
8
634
279
    

    
8
634
279
    




    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    



purchase agreement with CDS Ventures of South Florida
 LLC (&ldquo;CDS&rdquo;) and CD Financial
 LLC (&ldquo;CD&rdquo;). CDS and
CD are limited liability companies which are affiliates of Carl DeSantis
 the Company&rsquo;s principal shareholder. The Company
issued 2
200 shares of its Series C Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;Preferred C Shares&rdquo;) in exchange for the conversion of a
$550
000 short term loan from CDS and the conversion of $1
650
000 in indebtedness under the Company&rsquo;s line of credit with
CD (the &ldquo;CD Line of Credit&rdquo;). The Preferred C Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder
thereof at a conversion price of $0.52 per share at any time until December 31
 2018
 at which time they will automatically convert
into shares of our common stock determined by dividing the liquidation preference of $1
000 per Preferred C Share by the conversion
price then in effect. The conversion price is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits and similar events.
The Preferred C Shares accrue cumulative annual dividends at the rate of 6% per annum
 payable by the issuance of additional Preferred
C Shares. The holder of Preferred C Shares votes on an &ldquo;as converted&rdquo; basis
 together with holders of common stock
as a single class on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote
 except as required by law. In April 2015
 the Company issued
180 Preferred C Shares valued at $180
000 in settlement of $180
000 in accrued preferred C dividends. In October 2018
 the Company
issued 383 Preferred C Shares valued at $383
000 in settlement of $383
000 in accrued preferred C dividends. As of December 31
2018
 $255
903 of dividends has been accrued and converted into 256 of additional Preferred C. The Preferred C Shares matured on
December 31
 2018 and were exchanged for shares of Company common stock in the amount of 5
806
022.


 2015
 the Company
entered into an amendment to its existing Loan and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;) with CD an affiliate of CDS
Ventures and Mr. DeSantis. Pursuant to the Amendment
 the outstanding principal amount of the CD note payable was reduced by $4.0
million
 which amount was converted into 4
000 shares of a newly-designated Series D Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;Preferred D Shares&rdquo;).
This related party was given a conversion price of $0.86 per common share
 whereas other investors purchased common shares at $0.89
in the private placement
 as discussed in note 12. The difference of $0.03 per share
 which resulted in $139
535
 was recorded
as a dividend in accordance with ASC 470-20-35
 subsequent measurement for debt with conversion and other options. The Preferred
D Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder thereof at a conversion price of $0.86 per share until
the earlier of the January 2
 2021 due date of our note payable with CD Financial or such earlier date as the note payable is satisfied
(the &ldquo;Maturity Date&rdquo;). The conversion price is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits
and similar events. The Preferred D Shares accrue cumulative annual cash dividends at the rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
in cash and have a liquidation preference of $1
000 per share. On the Maturity Date
 the Preferred D Shares automatically convert
into shares of our common stock in a number determined by dividing the $1
000 per Preferred D Share liquidation preference plus
any accrued but unpaid dividends
 by the conversion price then in effect. The Holder shall have the right
 at its election
 to
require the Company to redeem all or any portion of the shares held by the holder in exchange for cash or common stock upon the
occurrence of certain events which management believes are under the control of the Company. As of March 31
 2018
 none of the
contingent events have occurred and in accordance with ASC-480-10-25 &ldquo;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&rdquo; and Regulation
S-X-Rule 5-02-27
 the Company has classified these shares as permanent equity. The Preferred D Shares may also be redeemed by us
at any time on or after December 31
 2017
 at a redemption price equal to 104% of the liquidation preference. The holder of the
Preferred D Shares votes on an &ldquo;as converted&rdquo; basis
 together with holders of common stock as a single class on all
matters presented to shareholders for a vote
 except as required by law. In March 2018
 the Preferred D shares were converted into
4
651
163 shares of common stock.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    



rented from a company affiliated with CD Financial
 LLC which is controlled by one of our shareholders Carl DeSantis. Currently
the lease expires on October 2020 with monthly rent of $12
826. The rental fee is commensurate with other properties available
in the market.


are discussed in notes 13 and 15



    
    


Issuance of common stock
pursuant to exercise of stock options


31
 2019
 the Company issued an aggregate of 756
233 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted
under the Company&rsquo;s Stock Incentive Plans. The Company received aggregate proceeds of $224
083 for 245
584 options exercised
for cash
 with the balance of the options having been exercised on a &ldquo;cashless&rdquo; basis.


31
 2018
 the Company issued an aggregate of 783
730 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted
under the Company&rsquo;s 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. The Company received aggregate proceeds of $301
723 for 470
722 options exercised
for cash
 with the balance of the options having been exercised on a &ldquo;cashless&rdquo; basis.




 the 3
016
preferred C shares were converted into 5
806
022 of common stock.


 the 4
000 preferred
D shares were converted into 4
651
163 of common stock.


on preferred stock issuances.

Issuance of common stock
pursuant to public placement


 2019
 the Company
issued 7
986
110 shares of common stock
 in a public placement and obtained gross proceeds of $28
749
996 and paid $1
585
000 in
commissions &amp; fees and incurred in $209
559 of expenses related to the capital raise thereby resulting in net-proceeds in the
amount of $26
955
437.

Conversion of Notes Payable
into common stock


 2019
 the company
had three Notes Payable outstanding with related parties for a total principal value of $10 million. As per the terms of the agreements
the principal values of notes payable and any accrued but unpaid interest are convertible into common stock of the Company. Moreover
also as per the terms of the agreements
 in the event of financing greater than $25.0 million
 the principal value of the notes
and any accrued but unpaid interest are automatically converted into the company&rsquo;s common stock. As result of the public
financing which raised $26
955
437
 the principal balance of the notes payable and the accrued but unpaid interest of $10
233
332
were converted resulting in the issuance of 3
196
460
 shares of common stock. The shares were issued at the contractual conversion
prices per the loan agreements.


on the conversion of the notes payable.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    



the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company&rsquo;s net tax provision was zero.


income tax rate and the applicable statutory federal income tax rate is summarized as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    


 including stock-based compensation
    
    


 including effect of change in tax rates
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2019 and 2019
 the Company&rsquo;s
deferred tax assets were as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(19
000
(2
000

    
(19
000
(2
000




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
8
400
000
12
082
000

    
7
900
000
3
123
000

    
169
000
63
000

    
16
469
000
15
268
000

    
16
450
000
15
266
000

    
(16
450
000
(15
266
000

    
    
    



allowance increased by $1
184
000 and $2
012
000 during 2019 and 2018 respectively. Total net operating loss carry forwards at
December 31
 2019 were approximately $33.1 million
 of which approximately $31.9 million
 will expire between 2029 and 2037 and
$1.2 million may be carried forward indefinitely. China has corporate tax rate of 25% with net operating loss carry forwards expiring
after 5 years. The Company had $14.7 million of net operating loss carry forwards in China as of December 31
 2019. Hong Kong has
a corporate tax rate of 17% with net operating loss carry forwards that don&rsquo;t expire. The Company had $2.8million of net
operating loss carry forwards in Hong Kong as of December 31
 2019. On October 25
 2019
 the Company acquired wholly-owned foreign
subsidiaries in Finland
 Sweden and Norway. These companies had net operating loss carryforwards of $11.2 million in Finland and
$12.9 million in Sweden. There were no net operating loss carryforwards in Norway. The Finland tax rate is 33.6% and the Sweden
tax rate is 21.4%. Due to the uncertainty regarding the Company&rsquo;s ability to retain the tax benefits of these losses in Sweden
the Company has not included these net operating loss carryforwards as part of their deferred tax assets. The Company&rsquo;s net
operating loss carry forwards may be limited due to ownership changes.



    
    



Stock Plan on January 18
 2007. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and retain highly competent persons
at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting or advisory services to the
Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&rsquo;s common stock or to receive monetary payments based on the
value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. While the plan terminates 10 years after the adoption date
 issued options have
their own schedule of termination. During 2013
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares
in the plan from 2.5 million to 3.5 million shares of common stock. During May 2014
 the majority of the shareholders approved
to increase the total available shares in the plan from 3.5 million to 4.25 million shares of common stock
 during February 2015
the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from 4.25 million to 4.6 million shares
of common stock and during April 2015
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the
plan from 4.6 million to 5.1 million shares of common stock. Options to acquire shares of common stock may be granted at no less
than fair market value on the date of grant. Upon exercise
 shares of new common stock are issued by the Company.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    



Stock Incentive Plan on April 30
 2015. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and retain highly competent
persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting or advisory services
to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&rsquo;s common stock or to receive monetary payments based
on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and shares for up to 5
000
000
shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% of the shares pertaining to the 2015 plan that are outstanding
as of the last day of the prior year. As of December 31
 2019
 approximately 400
000 shares are available.


Plan
 the Company has issued options to purchase approximately 6.53 million shares at an average price
of $3.58 with a fair value of $5.10 million. For the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company issued options to purchase
1.20 million and 1.83 million shares. For the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company recognized an expense of approximately
$4.8 million and $4.3 million
 respectively
 of non-cash compensation expense (included in General and Administrative expense in
the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations) determined by application of a Black Scholes option pricing model with the
following inputs: exercise price
 dividend yields
 risk-free interest rate
 and expected annual volatility. As of December 31
2019
 the Company had approximately $8
531
047 of unrecognized pre-tax non-cash compensation expense
 which the Company expects
to recognize
 based on a weighted-average period of 3 years. The Company used straight-line amortization of compensation expense
over the two to three-year requisite service or vesting period of the grant. There are options to purchase approximately 2.35 million
shares that have vested as of December 31
 2019.


option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of its stock option awards and warrant issuances. The calculation of the fair value
of the awards using the Black - Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the Company&rsquo;s stock price on the date of grant
as well as assumptions regarding the following:



    
    
Year ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    



determined with reference to the historical volatility of the Company&rsquo;s stock. The Company uses historical data to estimate
option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. The expected term of options granted represents the period
of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life
of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant.


Company&rsquo;s outstanding stock options as of December 31
 2019 and 2018 and changes during the periods ending on that date is
as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2017
4
602
    
    
12
476
    

    
1
825
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2018
4
840
    
    
5
338
    

    
2
874
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
6
528
    
    
8
978
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
 2019
2
350
    
    
    
    



about employee stock options outstanding at December 31
 2019:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
5
273
    
    
1
094
    
    

    
6
528
    
    
2
350
    
    



    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

December 31
 2019 and 2018



    
    



 on December
18
 2018
 Rockstar
 Inc. (&ldquo;Rockstar&rdquo;) filed suit against Celsius in federal district court in the District of Nevada.
Rockstar&rsquo;s complaint alleged three claims for relief: (a) false advertising in violation of 15 USC &sect;1125(a); (b) violation
of the Nevada Deceptive Trade Practice Act; and (c) Nevada common law unfair competition. On January 16
 2020 the parties entered
into a non-monetary settlement of this litigation.


 2019
 Daniel Prescod
filed suit against Celsius in the Superior Court for the State of California
 County of Los Angeles (the &ldquo;Prescod Litigation&rdquo;).
Daniel Prescod asserts that the Company&rsquo;s use of citric acid in its products while simultaneously claiming &ldquo;no preservatives&rdquo;
violates California Consumer Legal Remedies Act
 California Business and Professions Code Section 17200
 et seq.
 and California
Business and Professions Code Section 17500
 et seq.
 because citric acid acts as a preservative. The Company does not use citric
acid as a preservative in its products
 but rather as a flavoring
 and therefore it believes that its &ldquo;no preservatives&rdquo;
claim is fair and not deceptive. The Company intends to contest the claims vigorously. Since this matter is still in its initial
stages
 the Company is unable to predict the outcome at this time.


 2020
 Evlution
Nutrition
 LLC filed suit against Celsius in federal court for the Southern District of Florida
 for trademark infringement (the
&ldquo;Evlution Litigation&rdquo;). Evlution asserts that Celsius&rsquo; BCAA dietary supplement product&rsquo;s use of BCAA +
ENERGY infringes upon Evlution&rsquo;s registered trademarks. The Company believes that Evlution&rsquo;s trademarks are invalid
merely descriptive
 and unenforceable and Celsius has filed a cancellation proceeding regarding those trademarks with the Trademark
Trial and Appeal Board of the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The Company intends to defend against Evlution&rsquo;s
claims vigorously. Since this matter is still in its initial stages
 the Company is unable to predict the outcome at this time.


from time to time
 we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course
of our business.


distribution agreements with liquidated damages in case the Company cancels the distribution agreements without cause. Cause has
been defined in various ways. It is management&rsquo;s belief that no such agreement has created any liability as of December 31
2019.



    
    



 the Company&rsquo;s
board of directors and majority shareholders authorized an increase in the number of shares of common stock which the Company is
authorized to issue from 75 million shares to 100 million shares. Implementation of the increase is subject to compliance with
SEC requirements.


note receivable from Qifeng Food Technology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd (Note 6) in the amount of RMB 13
253
093 was due on March 31
 2020.
We were recently requested by Qifeng to provide a three-month extension of the due date for the first installment until June 30
2019
 due to the impact of the health crisis in China. In consideration of the extension
 a guarantee was obtained for the full
amount of the first-installment and the installment was collateralized by a pledge of 570
412 of our common shares held. Accordingly
Celsius granted the extension and as a result
 payment in full of the first installment is expected to be paid on or before June
30
 2020.


 2020 and March 12
 2020
 the Company issued
an aggregate of 297
949 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted under the Company&rsquo;s
2015 Stock Incentive Plan.


















     




Subsidiaries of Celsius Holdings
 Inc.



    
    
    

    
    
    

Celsius Netshipments
 Inc.
    
    

    
    
    

Celsius
 Inc.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Celsius European Holdings
 B.V.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    














     




Consent of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm


in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 of Celsius Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) of our report dated March 12
 2020
relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements which appear in the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report Form 10-K (Document
No. s116616)
 for the year ended December 31
 2019.



    
    

    
    

Margate
 Florida
    

March 12
 2020
    














     





PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


 John Fieldly
 the President and Chief
Executive Officer of Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;)
 certify that:


have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019 of the Registrant;


on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;


on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented
in this report;


as the Registrant&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


the effectiveness of the Registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and


in this report any change in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


as the Registrant&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the Registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):


significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and


fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



Date: March 12
 2020
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
John Fieldly
 President and Chief Executive Officer

    
    
    














     





PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


 Edwin Negron-Carballo
 the Chief Financial
Officer of Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;)
 certify that:


have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019 of the Registrant;


on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;


on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented
in this report;


as the Registrant&rsquo;s Chief Financial Officer
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


the effectiveness of the Registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and


in this report any change in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


as the Registrant&rsquo;s Chief Financial Officer
 have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the Registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):


significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and


fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



Date: March 12
 2020
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Edwin Negron-Carballo
 Chief Financial Officer

    
    
    














     




CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS
ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019
&rdquo;)
 I
 John Fieldly
 the
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



Date: March 12
 2020
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
John Fieldly
 President and Chief Executive Officer

    
    
    














     





PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS
ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019
 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Edwin Negron-Carballo
 the
Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.&nbsp;



Date: March 12
 2020
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Edwin Negron-Carballo
 Chief Financial Officer

    
    
    












begin 644 image_001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!


\T8 ]S0


M]
_9D^

MQ17R[#\:/CG=@-:?LJ^*XL@D#5OB-X%TY@1T#B*6^VD^VZLV[^*W[5SACI?[



M_@/










M_P $.[O_ ()/^/M?\:^%_P!A[]BKQ'X!USX3Z'I&L:_\9_C%X8T;Q!XJOK_4
M+Q;2RL[3QCJ5[J^HPZ](BR7DB:3%I4(MXW;9GY:^]_\ @N3\7;CX2?\ !-#]
MHYM

:]I4Y91Y&THQYM%?4R5&=/%4\'#

MGBQXV*.T;E&74







MK3C*S^)I/H?.9[@JN7XBCAJT8QJ.E[9Q22:C.3C&]M5?EDU?HA:***^V/B




\8:+


^(G_


M.K6?VRQN
QW
$@.*_6']DC_@XN_9U^
6H:1X2_:-^'GB?]FWQ5J$D%HGB.XN

MVZLL32A2@X.I6;A5J/\ 2


G@H_$?]H'XI^#/A%X









UW;C%IZ6=K
MCG&
6N67


K13Q2PR)
M+$C+)&ZLHQ7X
_MO?L#?&#QQ^U5\3OVG?V:OV=_'OPY_:0O_  =IWACP+^U/


ME%QM9IZV'*

M=U/VK4;U)$:VMUPTJM7Y\?\ !:G]@?XF_P#!1#]C1O@W\'/$/AC0OB5X2^*?
.C\8].^*&L
MZQJW@FSBMT\
?#SP[H6EVC/9ZG+'-MU/7IK?R8VMC(F?


?%&C0:A-G_-D

M_: ^%UA^T)J@MAIWPAN?%.GQ^-;J2\LVUTMXM),F\W=Q9(UU#9LRW4L(W)




FY8W8'Y33?B5^TW


M



]








8OM(OH;Z%9EQOAE
3N8)TS^



M=56AAH4YRC6?-&EAYTVZE*I[:I4C2=:FJ=.*G2]DY5/?D^5.ERR4I3C;WK7-

M&%I94#R




MEAX7^T?\&]9^+GB?]G]K72=(UKPOX*^*

MM)KI\-^)M
\

OVF
1[D54??QBN_'U\50P?M


%IO+374^CO?C#PYXXTB/7OVI1ZKI4D\UNEW'#




M'M T^[55N]/T;2[*Y5&#(MQ:V-O!.%8<,HDC;:P^\N#WJ,)BL95Q5?#XG.A


^/=(_M

MWTB[U\@.UW+ID
=KM*1N!I0Q.*_MIAYT?]FM-TJU*E5DDH4J
U]8JU'3A3
&6.XBBGA=9(IHTEBD7E7CD4.CJ?1E((]L5XO^T3X*U[XB_!GQSX+\+V
M]O=:[K^G6]KI]O=76=M)+'J-E<.))Y?W<2B.%VW-_$
#DXKU[2H)+72]-M9

M2:=^;\:?$'P9\/-.BU3QKXCTSP[97




MIX=I5G:$.8U.]]BXQWM?&UY^S?\ \)?\7_C-XS\3VJ:3'X@'P\O/AMXUT2]B
MA\6^']9\



?#%]XJU7P3::

MHT:2221@B(B L[N[$*B(HW

M#U.$7.G:A;FSCU 7%C=PG3YF5(;X2P2(;25W!1([D
89&;Y563+C'1X#$U\3
BOF;2OAS\:_

FR&
ME7D


?VV_CSXH\-^%]0F%W)I?C

]$N(-%TM8U+?98=5^QO;JJ)T-?JK\*O^#;;_ ()U

5VC61[BX4


'X/^(F'^W\0?$Y_]



/&5WH*RW^BQWD=L;'
M3-


Q_04.(\LBDUD2VV^NP7XK!W/P?\%?[XP_!CQ
M_C3X



?VY2GD'X
M_P#QHN0[




M!VL;Z=%(S][A3^)S74V__!
']IC6I(Q?^!?$-QYA#F?5]?M\*78@^8]WJ D#
M?Q
&7:/XQ7]9%%=-/Z*7#]6W]I^(/B!F.MY+ZUE&&C)=5_N^/DK][M]D9R\8
M\SA_NG#7#6%TLG['&U6O_*N&3U\D?S!:/_P1]^-5SY4EQHGA;3W8X9=0UVU/


M4CAO


)+[4_LJ.4'W7AT^*V5D8\LI8@]





MIRW+LKPL4E'#9;@
+QM1UL9BL3C*KW
MJXK$5\34\_?Q%:M):]%)+RBBBN\YSYR_:S('P\=$G QH')_PQETBOHM/N

MW_ MO]W%?WZC^]00ZBBBM2 HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Business &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212;Celsius&#13;Holdings, Inc. (the &lt;b&gt;Company&lt;/b&gt; or &lt;b&gt;Celsius Holdings&lt;/b&gt;) was incorporated under the laws of the&#13;State of Nevada on April 26, 2005. On January 24, 2007, the Company entered into a merger agreement and plan of reorganization&#13;with Elite FX, Inc., a Florida corporation. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Elite FX, Inc. was merged into the Company's&#13;subsidiary, Celsius, Inc. and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company on January 26, 2007. In addition, on March 28, 2007&#13;the Company established Celsius Netshipments, Inc. a Florida corporation as two subsidiaries of the Company. On February 7, 2018,&#13;the Company established Celsius Asia Holdings Limited a Hong Kong corporation as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. On February&#13;7, 2018 Celsius China Holdings Limited a Hong Kong corporation became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celsius Asia Holdings Limited&#13;and on May 9, 2018, Celsius Asia Holdings Limited established Celsius (Beijing) Beverage Limited, a China corporation as a wholly-owned&#13;subsidiary of Celsius Asia Holdings Limited. On September 3, 2019 the Company established Celsius European Holdings B.V. as a wholly-&#13;owned subsidiary of the Company. On October 25, 2019, Func Food Group Oyj became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celsius European&#13;Holdings B.V.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentrations of Risk&lt;/i&gt;&#13;&amp;#8212; Substantially all of the Company's revenue derives from the sale of Celsius &amp;#174; beverages.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company uses single supplier&#13;relationships for its raw materials purchases and filling capacity, which potentially subjects the Company to a concentration of&#13;business risk. If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to the Company, operations could&#13;be adversely affected.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;Financial instruments that potentially&#13;subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The&#13;Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality financial institutions. At times, balances in the Company's&#13;cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31, 2019, the Company had approximately $22.8&#13;million in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;For&#13;the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of revenue with&#13;its customers:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: justify&gt;A*&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;12.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;8.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;B*&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15.8&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;All other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;88.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;76.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;At December 31, 2019 and 2018,&#13;the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its customers:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;A**&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;19.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;7.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;B**&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;38.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;C**&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;25.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;All other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;80.8&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;29.4&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;*Revenues from customer A are&#13;derived from a customer located in the United States. Revenues from customer B were derived from a customer located in Sweden which&#13;was acquired on October 25, 2019. Please refer to note 10, further details. All other revenues customers were mainly derived from&#13;the United States.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived&#13;Assets&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8212; In accordance with ASC Topics 350 Goodwill and Other Intangibles and 360, Property
 Plant
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Customer Advances &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212;&#13;From time to time the Company requires deposits in advance of delivery of products and/or production runs. Such amounts are initially&#13;recorded as customer advances liability within other current liabilities. The Company recognizes such revenue as it is earned in&#13;accordance with revenue recognition policies.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/i&gt;&#13;- ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly&#13;transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally, ASC 820 requires the use of valuation techniques&#13;that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are prioritized below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.75in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 1:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Observable inputs such as quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 2:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 3:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which require the use of the reporting entity's own assumptions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes &amp;#8212; &lt;/i&gt;The&#13;Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10, Accounting for Income Taxes
 which requires,&#13;among other things, an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach require&#13;the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between&#13;the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided to offset any net deferred&#13;tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not be realized. The Company&#13;follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to, &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. &lt;/i&gt;When tax returns are&#13;filed, it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others&#13;are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained.&#13;In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10, the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period&#13;during which, based on all available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained&#13;upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;Tax positions taken are&#13;not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured&#13;as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable&#13;taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described&#13;above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated&#13;interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions&#13;are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such, the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has adopted ASC&#13;740-10-25 &lt;i&gt;Definition of Settlement,&lt;/i&gt; which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is&#13;effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be&#13;effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions&#13;considered effectively settled, an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit, even if the tax position is not considered&#13;more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent&#13;Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company adopts all applicable,&#13;new accounting pronouncements as of the specified effective dates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Leases&#13;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt; The Company adopted ASU No. 2016-02, as amended, effective January 1, 2019. The adoption of the standard will&#13;result in the recognition of right to use assets and lease liabilities that have not been previously recorded (note 7).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;In January 2017, the FASB issued&#13;ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which eliminates&#13;the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill, but rather requires an entity to record an impairment charge based&#13;on the excess of a reporting unit's carrying value over its fair value. This amendment is effective for annual or interim&#13;goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the&#13;adoption of this ASU to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;In August 2018, the FASB issued&#13;ASU No. 2018-13, Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value&#13;Measurement. The amendments in this update modify the disclosure requirements on fair value measurements in Topic 820. The ASU&#13;is effective for the Registrants for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods therein. Early adoption&#13;is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this standard on their Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;For&#13;the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of revenue with&#13;its customers:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: justify&gt;A*&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;12.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;8.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;B*&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15.8&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;All other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;88.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;76.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;At December 31, 2019 and 2018,&#13;the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its customers:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;A**&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;19.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;7.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;B**&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;38.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;C**&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;25.2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;All other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;80.8&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;29.4&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;*Revenues from customer A are&#13;derived from a customer located in the United States. Revenues from customer B were derived from a customer located in Sweden which&#13;was acquired on October 25, 2019. Please refer to note 10, further details. All other revenues customers were mainly derived from&#13;the United States.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;The future annual minimum lease payments required&#13;under the Company's leases as of December 31, 2019 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Operating &lt;br /&gt; Leases&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Finance &lt;br /&gt; Leases&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold&gt;Future minimum lease payments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;310,532&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;363,022&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;673,554&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;102,343&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;88,134&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;190,477&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;2022&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;7,175&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;50,033&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;57,208&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total future minimum lease payments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;420,050&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;501,189&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;921,239&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: Amount representing interest&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(17,823&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(14,494&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(32,317&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold&gt;Present value of lease liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;402,227&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;486,695&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;888,922&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company uses the Black-Scholes&#13;option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of its stock option awards and warrant issuances. The calculation of the fair value&#13;of the awards using the Black - Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the Company's stock price on the date of grant&#13;as well as assumptions regarding the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58.62-121.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;91% -142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;4.02-5.00 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.02 &amp;#8211; 5.06 Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.58%-2.72%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.56% - 2.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeiture Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;A summary of the status of the&#13;Company's outstanding stock options as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 and changes during the periods ending on that date is&#13;as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Aggregate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Fair&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Remaining&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;(000's)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Term (Yrs)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;Options&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 40%&gt;At December 31, 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;4,602&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1.82&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;12,476&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;4.23&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,825&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5.31&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(784&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;.57&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Forfeiture and cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(803&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3.65&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;At December 31, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;4,840&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;3.04&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;5,338&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;5.05&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,874&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3.61&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(912&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;.96&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Forfeiture and cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(274&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3.57&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;At December 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;6,528&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;3.58&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;8,978&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;6.58&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;REVENUE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;Information about the Company's net sales by&#13;reporting segment for the twelve months ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;For the years ended&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;North America&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;59,659,320&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;38,905,235&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Europe&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14,455,634&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9,239,312&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Asia&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;840,648&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4,276,155&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;190,944&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;183,284&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Net sales&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;75,146,546&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;52,603,986&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;License Agreement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;In January 2019, the Company entered into a license and repayment&#13;of investment agreement with Qifeng Food Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd (Qifeng). Under the agreement, Qifeng was&#13;granted the exclusive license rights to manufacture, market and commercialize Celsius branded products in China. The term of the&#13;agreement is 50 years, with annual royalty fees due from Qifeng after the end of each calendar year. The royalty fees are based&#13;on a percentage of Qifeng's sales of Celsius branded products; however, the fees are fixed for the first five years of the&#13;agreement, totaling approximately $6.9 million, and then are subject to annual guaranteed minimums over the remaining term of the&#13;agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under the agreement, the Company grants Qifeng exclusive license&#13;rights and provides ongoing support in product development, brand promotion and technical expertise. The ongoing support is integral&#13;to the exclusive license rights and, as such, both of these represent a combined, single performance obligation. The transaction&#13;price consists of the guaranteed minimums and the variable royalty fees, all of which are allocated to the single performance obligation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;PREFERRED STOCK &amp;#8211; RELATED PARTY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company entered into a securities&#13;purchase agreement with CDS Ventures of South Florida, LLC (CDS) and CD Financial, LLC (CD). CDS and&#13;CD are limited liability companies which are affiliates of Carl DeSantis, the Company's principal shareholder. The Company&#13;issued 2,200 shares of its Series C Preferred Stock (the Preferred C Shares) in exchange for the conversion of a&#13;$550,000 short term loan from CDS and the conversion of $1,650,000 in indebtedness under the Company's line of credit with&#13;CD (the CD Line of Credit). The Preferred C Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder&#13;thereof at a conversion price of $0.52 per share at any time until December 31, 2018, at which time they will automatically convert&#13;into shares of our common stock determined by dividing the liquidation preference of $1,000 per Preferred C Share by the conversion&#13;price then in effect. The conversion price is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends, stock splits and similar events.&#13;The Preferred C Shares accrue cumulative annual dividends at the rate of 6% per annum, payable by the issuance of additional Preferred&#13;C Shares. The holder of Preferred C Shares votes on an as converted basis, together with holders of common stock&#13;as a single class on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote, except as required by law. In April 2015, the Company issued&#13;180 Preferred C Shares valued at $180,000 in settlement of $180,000 in accrued preferred C dividends. In October 2018, the Company&#13;issued 383 Preferred C Shares valued at $383,000 in settlement of $383,000 in accrued preferred C dividends. As of December 31,&#13;2018, $255,903 of dividends has been accrued and converted into 256 of additional Preferred C. The Preferred C Shares matured on&#13;December 31, 2018 and were exchanged for shares of Company common stock in the amount of 5,806,022.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;17.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Issuance of common stock&#13;pursuant to exercise of stock options&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December&#13;31, 2019, the Company issued an aggregate of 756,233 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted&#13;under the Company's Stock Incentive Plans. The Company received aggregate proceeds of $224,083 for 245,584 options exercised&#13;for cash, with the balance of the options having been exercised on a cashless basis.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December&#13;31, 2018, the Company issued an aggregate of 783,730 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted&#13;under the Company's 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. The Company received aggregate proceeds of $301,723 for 470,722 options exercised&#13;for cash, with the balance of the options having been exercised on a cashless basis.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Preferred stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;In December 2018, the 3,016&#13;preferred C shares were converted into 5,806,022 of common stock.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;In March 2018, the 4,000 preferred&#13;D shares were converted into 4,651,163 of common stock.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;Refer to note 15 for discussion&#13;on preferred stock issuances.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Issuance of common stock&#13;pursuant to public placement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;On September 16, 2019, the Company&#13;issued 7,986,110 shares of common stock, in a public placement and obtained gross proceeds of $28,749,996 and paid $1,585,000 in&#13;commissions &amp;#38; fees and incurred in $209,559 of expenses related to the capital raise thereby resulting in net-proceeds in the&#13;amount of $26,955,437.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Conversion of Notes Payable&#13;into common stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;On September 16, 2019, the company&#13;had three Notes Payable outstanding with related parties for a total principal value of $10 million. As per the terms of the agreements,&#13;the principal values of notes payable and any accrued but unpaid interest are convertible into common stock of the Company. Moreover,&#13;also as per the terms of the agreements, in the event of financing greater than $25.0 million, the principal value of the notes&#13;and any accrued but unpaid interest are automatically converted into the company's common stock. As result of the public&#13;financing which raised $26,955,437, the principal balance of the notes payable and the accrued but unpaid interest of $10,233,332&#13;were converted resulting in the issuance of 3,196,460, shares of common stock. The shares were issued at the contractual conversion&#13;prices per the loan agreements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company's office is&#13;rented from a company affiliated with CD Financial, LLC which is controlled by one of our shareholders Carl DeSantis. Currently,&#13;the lease expires on October 2020 with monthly rent of $12,826. The rental fee is commensurate with other properties available&#13;in the market.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;20.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;As previously reported, on December&#13;18, 2018, Rockstar, Inc. (Rockstar) filed suit against Celsius in federal district court in the District of Nevada.&#13;Rockstar's complaint alleged three claims for relief: (a) false advertising in violation of 15 USC &amp;#167;1125(a); (b) violation&#13;of the Nevada Deceptive Trade Practice Act; and (c) Nevada common law unfair competition. On January 16, 2020 the parties entered&#13;into a non-monetary settlement of this litigation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;On April 8, 2019, Daniel Prescod&#13;filed suit against Celsius in the Superior Court for the State of California, County of Los Angeles (the Prescod Litigation).&#13;Daniel Prescod asserts that the Company's use of citric acid in its products while simultaneously claiming no preservatives&#13;violates California Consumer Legal Remedies Act, California Business and Professions Code Section 17200, et seq., and California&#13;Business and Professions Code Section 17500, et seq., because citric acid acts as a preservative. The Company does not use citric&#13;acid as a preservative in its products, but rather as a flavoring, and therefore it believes that its no preservatives&#13;claim is fair and not deceptive. The Company intends to contest the claims vigorously. Since this matter is still in its initial&#13;stages, the Company is unable to predict the outcome at this time.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;On January 24, 2020, Evlution&#13;Nutrition, LLC filed suit against Celsius in federal court for the Southern District of Florida, for trademark infringement (the&#13;Evlution Litigation). Evlution asserts that Celsius' BCAA dietary supplement product's use of BCAA +&#13;ENERGY infringes upon Evlution's registered trademarks. The Company believes that Evlution's trademarks are invalid,&#13;merely descriptive, and unenforceable and Celsius has filed a cancellation proceeding regarding those trademarks with the Trademark&#13;Trial and Appeal Board of the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The Company intends to defend against Evlution's&#13;claims vigorously. Since this matter is still in its initial stages, the Company is unable to predict the outcome at this time.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;In addition to the foregoing,&#13;from time to time, we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course&#13;of our business.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Earnings per Share &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212;&#13;Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing net income (loss) available to stockholders by the weighted-average number&#13;of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number of common&#13;and dilutive common share equivalents outstanding during the period. Under ASC 260-10-45-16, the calculation of diluted earnings&#13;per share, the numerator should be adjusted to add back any convertible dividends and the after-tax amount of interest recognized&#13;in the period associated with any convertible debt. The denominator should include the number of additional common shares that&#13;would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The effects of dilutive instruments&#13;have been presented for the year-to-date net income as of December 31, 2019. Other periods presented do not reflect the dilutive&#13;shares, as the effects would be anti-dilutive due to the fact that losses are being reflected for those periods. Please refer to&#13;the below table for additional details:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;For the years &lt;br /&gt; ended December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Net income (loss) available to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;9,971,260&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(11,419,781&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-decoration: underline; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Adjustments for diluted earnings:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Preferred Stock Dividend&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;213,133&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Interest expense on convertible notes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;348,493&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Amortization of discount on notes payable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;239,570&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Diluted net income (loss) available to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;10,559,323&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(11,206,648&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Income (Loss) per share:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Basic&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(0.23&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(0.23&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-decoration: underline&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Basic&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;60,761,995&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;50,050,696&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Liquidity &lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8212; These&#13;financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will be able to continue as a going concern. At December 31, 2019,&#13;the Company had an accumulated deficit of $63,409,431 which includes a net income available to common stockholders of $9,971,260&#13;for year ended December 31, 2019. During the year ending December 31, 2019 the Company's net cash provided by operating activities&#13;totaled approximately $1,034,000&lt;b&gt;. &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The effects of dilutive instruments&#13;have been presented for the year-to-date net income as of December 31, 2019. Other periods presented do not reflect the dilutive&#13;shares, as the effects would be anti-dilutive due to the fact that losses are being reflected for those periods. Please refer to&#13;the below table for additional details:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;For the years &lt;br /&gt; ended December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Net income (loss) available to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;9,971,260&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(11,419,781&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-decoration: underline; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Adjustments for diluted earnings:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Preferred Stock Dividend&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;213,133&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Interest expense on convertible notes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;348,493&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Amortization of discount on notes payable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;239,570&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Diluted net income (loss) available to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;10,559,323&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(11,206,648&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Income (Loss) per share:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Basic&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(0.23&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(0.23&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-decoration: underline&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Basic&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;60,761,995&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;50,050,696&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;Information about the Company's net sales by&#13;reporting segment for the twelve months ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;For the years ended&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;North America&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;59,659,320&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;38,905,235&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Europe&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14,455,634&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9,239,312&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Asia&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;840,648&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4,276,155&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;190,944&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;183,284&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;19.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company adopted an Incentive&#13;Stock Plan on January 18, 2007. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and retain highly competent persons&#13;at all levels as employees of the Company, as well as independent contractors providing consulting or advisory services to the&#13;Company, by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock or to receive monetary payments based on the value&#13;of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. While the plan terminates 10 years after the adoption date, issued options have their&#13;own schedule of termination. During 2013, the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in&#13;the plan from 2.5 million to 3.5 million shares of common stock. During May 2014, the majority of the shareholders approved to&#13;increase the total available shares in the plan from 3.5 million to 4.25 million shares of common stock, during February 2015,&#13;the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from 4.25 million to 4.6 million&#13;shares of common stock and during April 2015, the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares&#13;in the plan from 4.6 million to 5.1 million shares of common stock. Options to acquire shares of common stock may be granted at&#13;no less than fair market value on the date of grant. Upon exercise, shares of new common stock are issued by the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company adopted the 2015&#13;Stock Incentive Plan on April 30, 2015. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and retain highly competent&#13;persons at all levels as employees of the Company, as well as independent contractors providing consulting or advisory services&#13;to the Company, by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock or to receive monetary payments based&#13;on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and shares for up to 5,000,000&#13;shares. In addition, there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% of the shares pertaining to the 2015 plan that are outstanding&#13;as of the last day of the prior year. As of December 31, 2019, approximately 400,000 shares are available.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;Under the 2015 Stock Incentive&#13;Plan, the Company has issued options to purchase approximately 6.53 million shares at an average price&#13;of $3.58 with a fair value of $5.10 million. For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company issued options to purchase&#13;1.20 million and 1.83 million shares. For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company recognized an expense of approximately&#13;$4.8 million and $4.3 million, respectively, of non-cash compensation expense (included in General and Administrative expense in&#13;the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations) determined by application of a Black Scholes option pricing model with the&#13;following inputs: exercise price, dividend yields, risk-free interest rate, and expected annual volatility. As of December 31,&#13;2019, the Company had approximately $8,531,047 of unrecognized pre-tax non-cash compensation expense, which the Company expects&#13;to recognize, based on a weighted-average period of 3 years. The Company used straight-line amortization of compensation expense&#13;over the two to three-year requisite service or vesting period of the grant. There are options to purchase approximately 2.35 million&#13;shares that have vested as of December 31, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company uses the Black-Scholes&#13;option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of its stock option awards and warrant issuances. The calculation of the fair value&#13;of the awards using the Black - Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the Company's stock price on the date of grant&#13;as well as assumptions regarding the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended December 31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58.62-121.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;91% -142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;4.02-5.00 Years&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.02 &amp;#8211; 5.06 Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.58%-2.72%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.56% - 2.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Forfeiture Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The expected volatility was&#13;determined with reference to the historical volatility of the Company's stock. The Company uses historical data to estimate&#13;option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. The expected term of options granted represents the period&#13;of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life&#13;of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;A summary of the status of the&#13;Company's outstanding stock options as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 and changes during the periods ending on that date is&#13;as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Aggregate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Fair&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Remaining&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;(000's)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Term (Yrs)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;Options&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 40%&gt;At December 31, 2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;4,602&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1.82&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;12,476&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;4.23&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,825&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5.31&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(784&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;.57&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Forfeiture and cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(803&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3.65&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;At December 31, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;4,840&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;3.04&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;5,338&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;5.05&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,874&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3.61&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(912&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;.96&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Forfeiture and cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(274&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3.57&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;At December 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;6,528&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;3.58&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;8,978&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;6.58&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Exercisable at December 31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,350&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2.78&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3.69&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following table summarizes information&#13;about employee stock options outstanding at December 31, 2019:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Outstanding Options&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Vested Options&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Number&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Number&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Outstanding&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Exercisable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Range of&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;at&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Averaged&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Averaged&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;at&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Averaged&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Averaged&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Remaining&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Remaining&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019 (000's)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Life&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019 (000's)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Life&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 28%; text-align: center&gt;$0.20 - $0.53&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;359&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;3.20&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;0.28&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;359&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;0.28&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;3.20&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;$0.65 - $1.80&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;342&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1.35&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1.05&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;342&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1.05&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1.35&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;$1.83 - $2.84&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;555&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2.59&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2.07&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;555&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2.07&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2.59&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;$3.20 - $6.20&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;5,273&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;7.57&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1,094&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;5.13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following table summarizes information&#13;about employee stock options outstanding at December 31, 2019:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Outstanding Options&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Vested Options&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Number&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Number&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Outstanding&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Exercisable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Range of&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;at&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Averaged&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Averaged&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;at&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Averaged&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Averaged&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Remaining&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Remaining&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019 (000's)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Life&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019 (000's)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Life&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 28%; text-align: center&gt;$0.20 - $0.53&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;359&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;3.20&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;0.28&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;359&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;0.28&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;3.20&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;$0.65 - $1.80&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;342&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1.35&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1.05&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;342&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1.05&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1.35&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;$1.83 - $2.84&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;555&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2.59&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2.07&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;555&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2.07&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2.59&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;$3.20 - $6.20&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;5,273&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;7.57&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1,094&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;5.13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;BONDS PAYABLE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;Bonds payable consists of the following as of:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight: normal&gt;Bonds issued as part of the purchase consideration to acquire Func Food (see note 9). The Bonds are Euro-denominated, unregistered, and were issued on October 25, 2019 at an initial nominal amount of approximately $9.1 million, less discount and issuance costs of approximately $0.7 million. The Bonds accrue interest at a stated interest rate of 6.00% per annum, due semi-annually in arrears, with the first interest payment due on April 30, 2020. The maturity date of the Bonds is October 30, 2020. The Bonds are carried at the nominal amount, less any unamortized discount and issuance costs. The discount is amortized using the effective interest rate method. As of December 31, 2019, the unamortized balance of the discount is approximately $377,000. Amortization of the discount was approximately $78,250 for the year ended December 31, 2019. The bond issuance costs amounted to $229,250. The issuance costs are being amortized over a straight-line basis, given the short-term nature and that it does not result in a material difference from applying the effective interest rate method. Amortization of the bond issuance costs from the issuance date through December 31, 2019 was $40,938.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight: normal&gt;Upon maturity of the Bonds, the Company may, at its own election, convert up to 50% of the outstanding nominal amount of the Bonds into shares of common stock of the Company, at a conversion price relative to the 30-day weighted-average trading price of the Company's common shares prior to the Acquisition.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight: normal&gt;At the Company's election, the Bonds are callable at 103% at any time. Additionally, mandatory prepayments would be required in the event of either i) a capital raise consummated by the Company or ii) the sale of a certain product line of Func Food. To the fullest extent possible, the net proceeds derived from either event must first be applied towards prepayment of the bonds at 103%, plus any accrued but unpaid interest on the repaid amount.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories consist of the following&#13;at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;12,990,044&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;8,739,877&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Raw Materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3,167,853&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,817,477&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories consist of the following&#13;at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;12,990,044&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;8,739,877&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Raw Materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3,167,853&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,817,477&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0px&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE RECEIVABLE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;Note receivable consists of the following at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Note Receivable-current&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1,181,116&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Note Receivable-non-current&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;10,630,041&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Total Note Receivable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;11,811,157&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;On January 1, 2019, the Company&#13;entered into a license and repayment of investment agreement with Qifeng Food Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd (Qifeng).&#13;Under the agreement, Qifeng will repay the market investment Celsius has made into China to date, over a five-year period, under&#13;an unsecured, interest-bearing note receivable (Note). The initial outstanding principal under the Note was approximately&#13;$12.2 million which is denominated in Chinese Renminbi (CNY) and was recorded as Other Income on the Consolidated Statements of&#13;Operations for the year ended December 31, 2019. The amount recognized considered the net of the balances of the accounts receivable,&#13;accounts payable and accrued expenses, as well as the marketing investments that were performed in the China market.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;Scheduled principal payments&#13;plus accrued interest are due annually on March 31 of each year starting in 2020. The Note is recorded at amortized cost basis&#13;and accrues interest at a rate per annum equal to the weighted average of 5% of the outstanding principal up to $5 million and&#13;2% of the outstanding principal above $5 million. For the year ended December 31, 2019, the weighted average interest rate was&#13;3.21% and interest income was approximately $382,000.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company assesses the Note&#13;for impairment periodically by evaluating whether it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all the contractual&#13;interest and principal payments as scheduled in the Note agreement, based on historical experience about Qifeng's ability&#13;to pay, the current economic environment and other factors. If the Note is determined to be impaired, the impairment is measured&#13;based on the present value of the expected future cash flows under the Note, discounted at the Note's effective interest&#13;rate. At December 31, 2019, the Note was not deemed to be impaired.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;Note receivable consists of the following at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Note Receivable-current&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1,181,116&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Note Receivable-non-current&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;10,630,041&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;Property and equipment consist of the following at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Furniture and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;529,550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;451,576&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(396,661&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(329,722&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;132,889&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;121,854&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;Property and equipment consist of the following at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Furniture and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;529,550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;451,576&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(396,661&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(329,722&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;Goodwill consists of approximately&#13;$10,023,806 resulting from the excess of the consideration paid and the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired&#13;from the Func Food Acquisition (see note 10). There was no other activity related to goodwill during the years ended December 31,&#13;2019 or 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;Intangible assets consist of&#13;acquired customer relationships and brands from the Func Food Acquisition, amounting to approximately $14,050,000 and $3,123,000,&#13;respectively. Customer relationships are amortized over an estimated useful life of 25 years and brands have an indefinite life.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The following is the future&#13;estimated amortization expense related to customer relationships as of December 31, 2019:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Year ending December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 88%; text-align: left&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;562,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;562,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2022&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;562,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2023&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;562,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2024&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;562,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;11,240,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of&#13;the following at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;10,159,900&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;5,825,446&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;7,132,747&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;9,019,765&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of&#13;the following at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;10,159,900&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;5,825,446&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;7,132,747&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;9,019,765&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;OTHER LIABILITIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;Other current liabilities consist of the following&#13;at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;OTHER LIABILITIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;Other current liabilities consist of the following&#13;at:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTES PAYABLE - RELATED PARTY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;Line of credit convertible note payable - related&#13;party consists of the following as of:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Note Payable &amp;#8211; line of credit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;In July 2010, the Company entered into a line of credit note payable with a related party and major shareholder which carries interest of five percent per annum paid quarterly. The Company can borrow up to $9,500,000. The Company has pledged all its assets as security for the line of credit. The note matures in January 2020, at which time the principal amount is due. During April 2015, the Company issued $4,000,000 of convertible series D preferred series in exchange for cancellation of $4,000,000 of this line, reducing the amount to $4,500,000. &amp;#160;During March 2018, the Company issued $1,000,000 of common stock in exchange for cancellation of $1,000,000 of this line, reducing the amount to $3,500,000. In December 2018, the Company amended and restated the note payable into a line of credit loan agreement continuing to carry a five percent per annum interest but payable semi-annually.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company could borrow up to $5.0 million. &amp;#160;As a result, of this substantial modification which was treated as a debt extinguishment, a new liability was established and a loss of $377,048 on the extinguishment of debt was recognized.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The note had a maturity date of December 2020. In January 2019, the Company increased the borrowed amount by $1,500,000 and recognized a discount of $166,668 regarding to the beneficial conversion feature of the note payable. &amp;#160;In September 16, 2019, the principal value of the note was converted into common shares as per promissory note which stated that in the event of financing greater than $25.0 million, there would be an automatic conversion of these balances.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The principal balance of $5.0 million and the accrued but unpaid interest in the amount of $52,778 were converted into common shares.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Consequently, a total of $5,052,778 were converted at the conversion price of $3.39 based on the on the average of the closing price for the shares during the ten (10) business days prior to the last advance date, less a discount of 10%, in accordance with the promissory note.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As a result of the conversion of the promissory note, the Company recognized the remaining un-amortized balance of the discount of $108,454, as interest expense.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Long-term portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;3,500,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;Convertible Notes Payable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-weight: normal; text-align: right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-weight: normal; text-align: right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: justify&gt;In December 2018, the Company entered into a line of credit note payable with a related party and shareholder which carries interest of five percent per annum paid semi-annually. The Company borrowed up to $3.0 million.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;This note had an unamortized discount of $324,371, as of December 31, 2018. The note would have matured in December 2020. &amp;#160;The note had an unamortized discount on the date of conversion of $205,837 which was recognized as interest expense upon conversion.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On September 16, 2019, the principal value of the note of $3.0 million and the accrued but unpaid interest in the amount of $108,333 were converted into common shares as per promissory note which stated that in the event of financing greater than $25.0 million, there would be an automatic conversion of these balances. A total of 3,108,333 were converted at the conversion price of $3.04 which was determined based on the average of the closing price for the shares during the ten (10) business days prior to the Advance Date, less a discount of 10%, resulting in the issuance of 1,022,568 shares.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: right&gt;2,675,629&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;Line of credit convertible note payable -&#13;related party consists of the following as of:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Note Payable &amp;#8211; line of credit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;In July 2010, the Company entered into a line of credit note payable with a related party and major shareholder which carries interest of five percent per annum paid quarterly. The Company can borrow up to $9,500,000. The Company has pledged all its assets as security for the line of credit. The note matures in January 2020, at which time the principal amount is due. During April 2015, the Company issued $4,000,000 of convertible series D preferred series in exchange for cancellation of $4,000,000 of this line, reducing the amount to $4,500,000. &amp;#160;During March 2018, the Company issued $1,000,000 of common stock in exchange for cancellation of $1,000,000 of this line, reducing the amount to $3,500,000. In December 2018, the Company amended and restated the note payable into a line of credit loan agreement continuing to carry a five percent per annum interest but payable semi-annually.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company could borrow up to $5.0 million. &amp;#160;As a result, of this substantial modification which was treated as a debt extinguishment, a new liability was established and a loss of $377,048 on the extinguishment of debt was recognized.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The note had a maturity date of December 2020. In January 2019, the Company increased the borrowed amount by $1,500,000 and recognized a discount of $166,668 regarding to the beneficial conversion feature of the note payable. &amp;#160;In September 16, 2019, the principal value of the note was converted into common shares as per promissory note which stated that in the event of financing greater than $25.0 million, there would be an automatic conversion of these balances.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The principal balance of $5.0 million and the accrued but unpaid interest in the amount of $52,778 were converted into common shares.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Consequently, a total of $5,052,778 were converted at the conversion price of $3.39 based on the on the average of the closing price for the shares during the ten (10) business days prior to the last advance date, less a discount of 10%, in accordance with the promissory note.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As a result of the conversion of the promissory note, the Company recognized the remaining un-amortized balance of the discount of $108,454, as interest expense.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Long-term portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;3,500,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;Convertible Notes Payable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-weight: normal; text-align: right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; font-weight: normal; text-align: right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: justify&gt;In December 2018, the Company entered into a line of credit note payable with a related party and shareholder which carries interest of five percent per annum paid semi-annually. The Company borrowed up to $3.0 million.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;This note had an unamortized discount of $324,371, as of December 31, 2018. The note would have matured in December 2020. &amp;#160;The note had an unamortized discount on the date of conversion of $205,837 which was recognized as interest expense upon conversion.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On September 16, 2019, the principal value of the note of $3.0 million and the accrued but unpaid interest in the amount of $108,333 were converted into common shares as per promissory note which stated that in the event of financing greater than $25.0 million, there would be an automatic conversion of these balances. A total of 3,108,333 were converted at the conversion price of $3.04 which was determined based on the average of the closing price for the shares during the ten (10) business days prior to the Advance Date, less a discount of 10%, resulting in the issuance of 1,022,568 shares.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: right&gt;2,675,629&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;18.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;Due to recurring losses for&#13;the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company's net tax provision was zero.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The difference between the effective&#13;income tax rate and the applicable statutory federal income tax rate is summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.1in; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;Statutory federal rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;21.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(21.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.1in; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;State income tax rate, net of federal benefit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4.35&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(4.35&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.1in; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;Permanent differences, including stock-based compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9.25&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5.6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.1in; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;Change in valuation allowance, including effect of change in tax rates&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(34.60&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;19.75&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -0.1in; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;Difference in foreign tax rates&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; text-indent: -0.1in; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;At December 31, 2019 and 2019, the Company's&#13;deferred tax assets were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Deferred Tax Liability&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(19,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(2,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liability&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(19,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(2,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Deferred Tax Assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Federal and state net operating loss carry forward&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;8,400,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;12,082,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Foreign net operating loss carry forward-Asia and Europe&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7,900,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3,123,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Other temporary differences&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;169,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;63,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax asset&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;16,469,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;15,268,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;16,450,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15,266,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Less valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(16,450,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(15,266,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;ACQUISITION-EUROPEAN OPERATIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company acquired 100% of&#13;Func Food Group, Oyj (Func Food) on October 25
 2019 (the Acquisition). The Acquisition was structured as&#13;a purchase of all of Func Food's equity shares and a restructuring of Func Food's pre-existing debt. Total consideration&#13;was $27
060
701
 which consisted of approximately $14
188
000 in cash
 $8
357
000 of newly issued bonds (see Note 14) and $4
516
000&#13;related to the settlement of a pre-existing debt. In addition to the aforementioned bond issuance

 health food products and beverages
 that support sport activities and healthy living and&#13;lifestyles in Finland
 Sweden
 and Norway. Func Food has been the Nordic distributor of Celsius products since 2015 and
 as a result&#13;of the acquisition
 the Company expects to further increase its Nordic market share by leveraging collaborations


188
056&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Bonds payable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8
356
958&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Settlement of pre-existing debt&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;4
515
687&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total consideration transferred&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;27
060
701&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-decoration: underline; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Assets acquired and liabilities assumed&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
300
468&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Inventories&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
161
067&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;331
774&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;616&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Right of use asset&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;806
572&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Other long-term assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;101
413&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Intangible assets-Customer relationships&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14
050
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Intangible assets-Brands&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
123
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3
489
080&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Lease liability Obligations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(817
041&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(532
088&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total identifiable net assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;17
036
701&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;10
024


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&lt;u&gt;Supplemental Pro forma:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;96
078
631&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;82
373
802&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Earnings/(loss)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
714
124&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(34
401

 2019
 pro forma earnings include approximately $6.7 million of historical
 non-recurring charges of Func Food that are not&#13;expected to have an ongoing effect after the Acquisition. These non-recurring charges consist of $2.2 million of inventory impairment&#13;charges
 $0.3 million of restructuring charges
 and $4.2 million of incremental interest expense on Func Food's historical&#13;debt that was restructured as part of the Acquisition. Consequently

 2018
 pro forma earnings includes approximately $15.3 million of historical
 non-recurring charges of Func Food that are not&#13;expected to have an ongoing effect after the Acquisition. These non-recurring charges consist of $1.6 million of inventory impairment&#13;charges
 $0.4 million of restructuring charges
 $9.1 million of intangible asset and goodwill impairment
 and $4.2 million of incremental&#13;interest expense on Func Food's historical debt that was restructured as part of the acquisition. The year ended December&#13;31



 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Operating &lt;br /&gt; Leases&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Finance &lt;br /&gt; Leases&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;Lease cost in general and administrative expenses:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;Operating lease expense&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;188
977&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;Amortization of finance lease ROU assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;97
478&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total lease cost in general and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;188
977&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;97
478&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Lease cost in other expense:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;Interest on finance lease liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
288&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total lease cost in other expense&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;2
288&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total lease cost&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;188
977&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;99



 &lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=font-weight: bold&gt;Leasing activity in cash flows from operating activities:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 88%; text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;Operating leases&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(182
917&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;Interest payments on finance lease liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
288&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total leasing activity in cash flows from operating activities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(185
205&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Leasing activity in cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;Principal payments on finance lease liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(26
486&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Total leasing activity in cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(26





&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 88%; text-align: left&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;562
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;562
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2022&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;562
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2023&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;562
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2024&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;562
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;11
240
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;14
050


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight: normal&gt;Bonds issued as part of the purchase consideration to acquire Func Food (see note 9). The Bonds are Euro-denominated
 unregistered
 and were issued on October 25
 2019 at an initial nominal amount of approximately $9.1 million
 less discount and issuance costs of approximately $0.7 million. The Bonds accrue interest at a stated interest rate of 6.00% per annum
 due semi-annually in arrears
 with the first interest payment due on April 30
 2020. The maturity date of the Bonds is October 30
 2020. The Bonds are carried at the nominal amount
 less any unamortized discount and issuance costs. The discount is amortized using the effective interest rate method. As of December 31
 2019
 the unamortized balance of the discount is approximately $377
000. Amortization of the discount was approximately $78
250 for the year ended December 31
 2019. The bond issuance costs amounted to $229
250. The issuance costs are being amortized over a straight-line basis
 given the short-term nature and that it does not result in a material difference from applying the effective interest rate method. Amortization of the bond issuance costs from the issuance date through December 31
 2019 was $40

 the Company may
 at its own election
 convert up to 50% of the outstanding nominal amount of the Bonds into shares of common stock of the Company

 the Bonds are callable at 103% at any time. Additionally
 mandatory prepayments would be required in the event of either i) a capital raise consummated by the Company or ii) the sale of a certain product line of Func Food. To the fullest extent possible
 the net proceeds derived from either event must first be applied towards prepayment of the bonds at 103%

 mainly related to minimum cash requirements at the end of each quarter. As of December 31
 2019
 Func Food is in compliance with these covenants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: normal; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; width: 1%; font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; width: 9%; font-weight: normal; text-align: right&gt;8
634
279&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-weight: normal; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; width: 1%; font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; width: 9%; font-weight: normal; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Bonds payable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: normal; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: normal; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: normal; text-align: right&gt;8
634

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Oyj (&#8220;Func Food) on October 25
 2019 (&#8220;the Acquisition&#8221;). The Acquisition was structured as a purchase of all of Func Food&#8217;s equity shares and a restructuring of Func Food&#8217;s pre-existing debt. Total consideration was $27
060
701
 which consisted of approximately $14
188
000 in cash
 $8
357
000 of newly issued bonds (see Note 14) and $4
516

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


188
056&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Bonds payable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8
356
958&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Settlement of pre-existing debt&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;4
515
687&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total consideration transferred&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;27
060
701&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-decoration: underline; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Assets acquired and liabilities assumed&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
300
468&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Inventories&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
161
067&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;331
774&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;616&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Right of use asset&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;806
572&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Other long-term assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;101
413&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Intangible assets-Customer relationships&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14
050
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Intangible assets-Brands&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
123
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3
489
080&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Lease liability Obligations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(817
041&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(532
088&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total identifiable net assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;17
036
701&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;10
024



&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&lt;u&gt;Supplemental Pro forma:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;96
078
631&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;82
373
802&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Earnings/(loss)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
714
124&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(34
401


 net of federal benefit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4.35&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(4.35&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.1in; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;Permanent differences
 including stock-based compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9.25&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5.6&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.1in; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;Change in valuation allowance


 2019 and 2019

000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(2
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liability&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(19
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(2

400
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;12
082
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Foreign net operating loss carry forward-Asia and Europe&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7
900
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
123
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Other temporary differences&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;169
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;63
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax asset&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;16
469
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;15
268
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;16
450
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
266
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;Less valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(16
450
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(15
266

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 including related tax effects. Goodwill is not amortized; instead goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis
&#13;or more frequently if the Company believes indicators of impairment exist. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine&#13;whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the Company determines&#13;that the fair value is less than the carrying value
 the Company will use a two-step process to determine the amount of goodwill&#13;impairment. The first step requires comparing the fair value of the reporting unit to its net book value
 including goodwill. A&#13;potential impairment exists if the fair value of the reporting unit is lower than its net book value. The second step of the process
&#13;performed only if a potential impairment exists
 involves determining the difference between the fair value of the reporting unit's&#13;net assets
 other than goodwill
 and the fair value of the reporting unit. An impairment charge is recognized for the excess of&#13;the carrying value of goodwill over its implied fair value. For the year ended December 31
 2019

 2019 the Company&#13;acquired 100% of Func Food Group Oyj (Func Food) their distributor in the Nordics. As a result of the acquisition&#13;goodwill of approximately $10
024
000 resulted from the excess of the consideration paid and the fair value of net tangible and&#13;intangible assets (see note 10). There was no other activity related to goodwill during the years ended December 31





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



 liabilities
&#13;revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results&#13;could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts
 reserves for inventory obsolescence
&#13;the useful lives and values of property
 fixtures
 equipment and intangible assets
 valuation of goodwill
 valuation of stock-based&#13;compensation

 separate segment data has not been presented
 as they meet the criteria&#13;for aggregation as permitted by ASC Topic 280
 Segment Reporting
 (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS)&#13;No. 131

 which potentially subjects the Company to a concentration of&#13;business risk. If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to the Company

 balances in the Company's&#13;cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31
 2019

 2019 and 2018

 2019 and 2018

 2019. Please refer to note 10

 2019. Please refer to note 10

 2019 and 2018

 historical trends
 and other information. Delinquent accounts are&#13;written-off when it is determined that the amounts are uncollectible. At December 31
 2019 and 2018
 there was an allowance for&#13;doubtful accounts of $292
400 and $183
000

&#13;the Company reviews inventory utilization during the past twelve months and also customer orders for subsequent months. If there&#13;has been no utilization during the last 12 months and there are no orders in-place in future months which will require the use&#13;of inventory item
 then inventory item will be included as part of the reserve during the period being evaluated. Management will&#13;then specifically evaluate whether these items may be utilized within a reasonable time frame (e.g.
 3 to 6 months). In 2019 and&#13;2018
 the Company recorded inventory reserves in the amount of $332
000 and $74
650

 Property, Plant,&#13;and Equipment the Company reviews the carrying value of intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at least&#13;annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability&#13;of long-lived assets is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group&#13;is expected to generate. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount&#13;by which the carrying amount of the property
 if any

 including related tax effects. Goodwill is not amortized; instead goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis
&#13;or more frequently if the Company believes indicators of impairment exist. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine&#13;whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the Company determines&#13;that the fair value is less than the carrying value
 the Company will use a two-step process to determine the amount of goodwill&#13;impairment. The first step requires comparing the fair value of the reporting unit to its net book value
 including goodwill. A&#13;potential impairment exists if the fair value of the reporting unit is lower than its net book value. The second step of the process
&#13;performed only if a potential impairment exists
 involves determining the difference between the fair value of the reporting unit's&#13;net assets
 other than goodwill
 and the fair value of the reporting unit. An impairment charge is recognized for the excess of&#13;the carrying value of goodwill over its implied fair value. For the year ended December 31
 2019

 2019 the Company&#13;acquired 100% of Func Food Group Oyj (Func Food) their distributor in the Nordics. As a result of the acquisition&#13;goodwill of approximately $10
024
000 resulted from the excess of the consideration paid and the fair value of net tangible and&#13;intangible assets (see note 10). There was no other activity related to goodwill during the years ended December 31


 2019
 and&#13;2018

 local sampling events
 sponsorships
 endorsements
 and&#13;digital advertising. The Company incurred marketing and advertising expenses of approximately $7.9 million and $13.8 million
 during&#13;years ending December 31
 2019 and 2018

 raw material usage and test productions of beverages. The Company incurred expenses of $341
000 and $572
000 during&#13;years ending December 31
 2019 and 2018

 as well&#13;as exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances of long-term investment nature
 are included in Comprehensive Income. The&#13;Company incurred foreign currency translation losses during the year ending in December 31
 2019 of approximately $60
500 and a&#13;gain of approximately $12
400 during the year ending December 31

 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses



 the Company did not have any other assets or liabilities measured at fair value at December 31

 Accounting for Income Taxes, which requires
&#13;among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach require&#13;the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between&#13;the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided to offset any net deferred&#13;tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not be realized. The Company&#13;follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. &lt;/i&gt;When tax returns are&#13;filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others&#13;are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained.&#13;In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period&#13;during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained&#13;upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes


&lt;/i&gt; which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is&#13;effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be&#13;effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions&#13;considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit

 the calculation of diluted earnings&#13;per share

 2019. Other periods presented do not reflect the dilutive&#13;shares

&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Net income (loss) available to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;9
971
260&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(11
419
781&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-decoration: underline; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Adjustments for diluted earnings:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Preferred Stock Dividend&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;213
133&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Interest expense on convertible notes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;348
493&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Amortization of discount on notes payable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;239
570&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Diluted net income (loss) available to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;10
559
323&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(11
206
648&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Income (Loss) per share:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Basic&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(0.23&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.16&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(0.23&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-decoration: underline&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Basic&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;60
761
995&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;50
050
696&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;64
183
399&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;50
050

 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
&#13;if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the grants. On April 30
 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock&#13;Incentive Plan. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and retain highly competent persons at all levels&#13;as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting or advisory services to the Company
 by providing&#13;them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock or to receive monetary payments based on the value of such shares&#13;pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and shares for up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there&#13;is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares included under the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day&#13;of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1

 the costs of raw materials utilized in the manufacture&#13;of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound &amp;#38; out-bound freight charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs
&#13;warehouse expenses incurred prior to the manufacture of the Company's finished products and certain quality control costs.&#13;Raw materials account for the largest portion of the cost of sales. Raw materials include cans
 bottles
 other containers
 flavors

 as well as expenses for advertising
&#13;samplings and in-store demonstrations costs
 costs for merchandise displays
 point-of-sale materials and premium items
 sponsorship&#13;expenses
 other marketing expenses and design expenses. Operating expenses also include such costs as payroll costs
 travel costs
&#13;professional service fees (including legal fees)

 2019 and 2018&#13;was approximately $6.3 million and $5.5 million


 as amended
 effective January 1

 the FASB issued&#13;ASU No. 2017-04
 Intangibles and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment
 which eliminates&#13;the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill
 but rather requires an entity to record an impairment charge based&#13;on the excess of a reporting unit's carrying value over its fair value. This amendment is effective for annual or interim&#13;goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued&#13;ASU No. 2018-13
 Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value&#13;Measurement. The amendments in this update modify the disclosure requirements on fair value measurements in Topic 820. The ASU&#13;is effective for the Registrants for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019

 cash flows or financial position&#13;with the exception of the updated previously disclosed above

 2019
&#13;the Company had an accumulated deficit of $63
409
431 which includes a net income available to common stockholders of $9
971
260&#13;for year ended December 31
 2019. During the year ending December 31
 2019 the Company's net cash provided by operating activities&#13;totaled approximately $1
034

 2019 the Company&#13;issued 7
986
110 in a public placement and obtained gross proceeds of $28
749
996 and paid $1
585
000 in commissions &amp;#38; fees&#13;and incurred in $209
559 of expenses related to the capital raise thereby resulting in net-proceeds in the amount of $26
955


 the FASB issued&#13;Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 (ASU 2016-02)
 Leases (Topic 842). Topic 842 requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use (ROU)&#13;asset and lease liability in the balance sheet for all leases
 including operating leases with terms of more than twelve months.&#13;The Company adopted Topic 842
 as amended
 effective January 1

 the&#13;Company recognized a ROU asset of $259
358 and a corresponding lease liability pertaining to the Company's operating lease&#13;of its corporate office space from a related party (see Note 20)
 measured based on the present value of the future minimum lease&#13;payments utilizing the Company's incremental borrowing rate as the basis for the computations. ROU assets also include any&#13;lease payments made and exclude lease incentives. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably&#13;certain that the Company will exercise that option. The adoption of Topic 842 did not have a material impact on our consolidated&#13;statements of operations or consolidated statements of cash flows

 which allowed the Company to carry forward&#13;the historical lease classification
 not reassess prior conclusions related to expired or existing contracts that are or that contain&#13;leases


&#13;the Company assesses whether the contract is
 or contains
 a lease. The Company's assessment is based on: (1) whether the&#13;contract involves the use of a distinct identified asset
 (2) whether the Company obtains the right to substantially all the economic&#13;benefit from the use of the asset throughout the term
 and (3) whether the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset.&#13;At inception of a lease


 consisting of lease payments


 &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Operating &lt;br /&gt; Leases&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Finance &lt;br /&gt; Leases&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;Lease cost in general and administrative expenses:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;Operating lease expense&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;188
977&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;Amortization of finance lease ROU assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;97
478&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total lease cost in general and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;188
977&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;97
478&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Lease cost in other expense:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;Interest on finance lease liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
288&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total lease cost in other expense&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;2
288&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total lease cost&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;188
977&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;99


 &lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=font-weight: bold&gt;Leasing activity in cash flows from operating activities:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 88%; text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;Operating leases&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(182
917&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;Interest payments on finance lease liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
288&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total leasing activity in cash flows from operating activities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(185
205&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Leasing activity in cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;Principal payments on finance lease liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(26
486&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Total leasing activity in cash flows from financing activities:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(26



532&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;363
022&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;673
554&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;102
343&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;88
134&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;190
477&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;2022&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;7
175&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;50
033&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;57
208&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total future minimum lease payments&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;420
050&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;501
189&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;921
239&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: Amount representing interest&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(17
823&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(14
494&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(32
317&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold&gt;Present value of lease liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;402
227&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;486
695&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;888
922&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(294
916&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(354
158&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(649
074&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Long-term portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;107
311&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;132
537&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;239

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd (Note 6) in the amount of RMB 13
253
093 was due on March 31
 2020.&#13;We were recently requested by Qifeng to provide a three-month extension of the due date for the first installment until June 30
&#13;2019
 due to the impact of the health crisis in China. In consideration of the extension
 a guarantee was obtained for the full&#13;amount of the first-installment and the installment was collateralized by a pledge of 570
412 of our common shares held. Accordingly
&#13;Celsius granted the extension and as a result
 payment in full of the first installment is expected to be paid on or before June&#13;30

 2020 and March 12
 2020
 the Company issued&#13;an aggregate of 297


















 2019.  Please refer to note 10


 2019.  Please refer to note 10

      






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      



 LLC &amp; CD Financial



      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.001 par value; 2
500
000 shares authorized
 zero shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019 and December 31




 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized
 68
941
311 and 57
002
508 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2018



      


      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      






      






      






      






      






      


      






      






      






      


      

      


      


      





      

      





      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      











 plant and equipment



      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      














      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Options



      


      

      


      

      


      



 Options
 Outstanding



      


      


      


      

      


      



 Options



      

      



 Options



      


      


      



 Option




 Option



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      

      

      


 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues



 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues



 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      





      


      

      

      

      

      


 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      

      

      

      


      


 stock (unit) options
 or other equity instruments


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      











 Net of Tax





      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      

      




      

      

      













      


 Goodwill


















 Weighted Average Discount Rate



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant



 Amortization Expense



 Amortization Expense



 Amortization Expense



 Amortization Expense






 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



 Recognized Identifiable Asset Acquired and Liability Assumed



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities


      

      


 Property









 Options
 Outstanding



 Options



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Option
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable



 Option
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019








    



purchase agreement with CDS Ventures of South Florida
 LLC (CDS) and CD Financial
 LLC (CD). CDS and
CD are limited liability companies which are affiliates of Carl DeSantis
 the Company's principal shareholder. The Company
issued 2
200 shares of its Series C Preferred Stock (the Preferred C Shares) in exchange for the conversion of a
$550
000 short term loan from CDS and the conversion of $1
650
000 in indebtedness under the Company's line of credit with
CD (the CD Line of Credit). The Preferred C Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder
thereof at a conversion price of $0.52 per share at any time until December 31
 2018
 at which time they will automatically convert
into shares of our common stock determined by dividing the liquidation preference of $1
000 per Preferred C Share by the conversion
price then in effect. The conversion price is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits and similar events.
The Preferred C Shares accrue cumulative annual dividends at the rate of 6% per annum
 payable by the issuance of additional Preferred
C Shares. The holder of Preferred C Shares votes on an as converted basis
 together with holders of common stock
as a single class on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote
 except as required by law. In April 2015
 the Company issued
180 Preferred C Shares valued at $180
000 in settlement of $180
000 in accrued preferred C dividends. In October 2018
 the Company
issued 383 Preferred C Shares valued at $383
000 in settlement of $383
000 in accrued preferred C dividends. As of December 31
2018
 $255
903 of dividends has been accrued and converted into 256 of additional Preferred C. The Preferred C Shares matured on
December 31
 2018 and were exchanged for shares of Company common stock in the amount of 5
806
022.


 2015
 the Company
entered into an amendment to its existing Loan and Security Agreement (the Amendment) with CD an affiliate of CDS
Ventures and Mr. DeSantis. Pursuant to the Amendment
 the outstanding principal amount of the CD note payable was reduced by $4.0
million
 which amount was converted into 4
000 shares of a newly-designated Series D Preferred Stock (the Preferred D Shares).
This related party was given a conversion price of $0.86 per common share
 whereas other investors purchased common shares at $0.89
in the private placement
 as discussed in note 12. The difference of $0.03 per share
 which resulted in $139
535
 was recorded
as a dividend in accordance with ASC 470-20-35
 subsequent measurement for debt with conversion and other options. The Preferred
D Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder thereof at a conversion price of $0.86 per share until
the earlier of the January 2
 2021 due date of our note payable with CD Financial or such earlier date as the note payable is satisfied
(the Maturity Date). The conversion price is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits
and similar events. The Preferred D Shares accrue cumulative annual cash dividends at the rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly
in cash and have a liquidation preference of $1
000 per share. On the Maturity Date
 the Preferred D Shares automatically convert
into shares of our common stock in a number determined by dividing the $1
000 per Preferred D Share liquidation preference plus
any accrued but unpaid dividends
 by the conversion price then in effect. The Holder shall have the right
 at its election
 to
require the Company to redeem all or any portion of the shares held by the holder in exchange for cash or common stock upon the
occurrence of certain events which management believes are under the control of the Company. As of March 31
 2018
 none of the
contingent events have occurred and in accordance with ASC-480-10-25 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and Regulation
S-X-Rule 5-02-27
 the Company has classified these shares as permanent equity. The Preferred D Shares may also be redeemed by us
at any time on or after December 31
 2017
 at a redemption price equal to 104% of the liquidation preference. The holder of the
Preferred D Shares votes on an as converted basis
 together with holders of common stock as a single class on all
matters presented to shareholders for a vote
 except as required by law. In March 2018
 the Preferred D shares were converted into
4
651
163 shares of common stock.



































The entire disclosure for terms
 amounts
 nature of changes
 rights and privileges
 dividends
 and other matters related to preferred stock.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019








    



Stock Plan on January 18
 2007. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and retain highly competent persons
at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting or advisory services to the
Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock or to receive monetary payments based on the value
of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. While the plan terminates 10 years after the adoption date
 issued options have their
own schedule of termination. During 2013
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in
the plan from 2.5 million to 3.5 million shares of common stock. During May 2014
 the majority of the shareholders approved to
increase the total available shares in the plan from 3.5 million to 4.25 million shares of common stock
 during February 2015
the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from 4.25 million to 4.6 million
shares of common stock and during April 2015
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares
in the plan from 4.6 million to 5.1 million shares of common stock. Options to acquire shares of common stock may be granted at
no less than fair market value on the date of grant. Upon exercise
 shares of new common stock are issued by the Company.


Stock Incentive Plan on April 30
 2015. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and retain highly competent
persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting or advisory services
to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock or to receive monetary payments based
on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and shares for up to 5
000
000
shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% of the shares pertaining to the 2015 plan that are outstanding
as of the last day of the prior year. As of December 31
 2019
 approximately 400
000 shares are available.


Plan
 the Company has issued options to purchase approximately 6.53 million shares at an average price
of $3.58 with a fair value of $5.10 million. For the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company issued options to purchase
1.20 million and 1.83 million shares. For the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company recognized an expense of approximately
$4.8 million and $4.3 million
 respectively
 of non-cash compensation expense (included in General and Administrative expense in
the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations) determined by application of a Black Scholes option pricing model with the
following inputs: exercise price
 dividend yields
 risk-free interest rate
 and expected annual volatility. As of December 31
2019
 the Company had approximately $8
531
047 of unrecognized pre-tax non-cash compensation expense
 which the Company expects
to recognize
 based on a weighted-average period of 3 years. The Company used straight-line amortization of compensation expense
over the two to three-year requisite service or vesting period of the grant. There are options to purchase approximately 2.35 million
shares that have vested as of December 31
 2019.


option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of its stock option awards and warrant issuances. The calculation of the fair value
of the awards using the Black - Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the Company's stock price on the date of grant
as well as assumptions regarding the following:



    
    
Year ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



determined with reference to the historical volatility of the Company's stock. The Company uses historical data to estimate
option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. The expected term of options granted represents the period
of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life
of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant.


Company's outstanding stock options as of December 31
 2019 and 2018 and changes during the periods ending on that date is
as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2017
4
602
    
    
12
476
    

    
1
825
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2018
4
840
    
    
5
338
    

    
2
874
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
6
528
    
    
8
978
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
 2019
2
350
    
    
    
    



about employee stock options outstanding at December 31
 2019:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
5
273
    
    
1
094
    
    

    
6
528
    
    
2
350
    
    













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018




146
546


603
986












659
320


905
235












455
634


239
312












648


276
155












944


284







Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







The Company uses the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of its stock option awards and warrant issuances. The calculation of the fair value
of the awards using the Black - Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the Company's stock price on the date of grant
as well as assumptions regarding the following:



    
    
Year ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
        
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




A summary of the status of the
Company's outstanding stock options as of December 31
 2019 and 2018 and changes during the periods ending on that date is
as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2017
4
602
    
    
12
476
    

    
1
825
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2018
4
840
    
    
5
338
    

    
2
874
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
6
528
    
    
8
978
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
 2019
2
350
    
    
    
    




The following table summarizes information
about employee stock options outstanding at December 31
 2019:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
5
273
    
    
1
094
    
    

    
6
528
    
    
2
350
    
    



































Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











090
682


743
181





774
618


980
396





181
116







292
349


482
701





170
136


299
375





508
901


505
653





630
041







889


854





466







134







173
000







023
806







382
236


627
507












292
647


845
211





074







634
279







399


933





683
399


865
144












848









500
000







459
381





923
247


824
525

















Preferred Stock
 $0.001 par value; 2
500
000 shares authorized
 zero shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2018 (note 15)






Common stock
 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized
 68
941
311 and 57
002
508 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2018
 respectively (note 17)

942


003





552
998


153
667





520)


997)





409
431)


380
691)





458
989


802
982





382
236


627
507







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Cash includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the customer may deposit additional funds at any time and effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents
 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid Investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Short-term investments
 exclusive of cash equivalents
 generally consist of marketable securities intended to be sold within one year (or the normal operating cycle if longer) and may include trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 or held-to-maturity securities (if maturing within one year)
 as applicable.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer) identified as Convertible Notes Payable
 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.



















































































































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)























































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of financing receivable
 classified as current. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes and loan receivable.




























Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of financing receivable
 classified as noncurrent.




























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.




























Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Balances at Dec. 31
 2017



702


101
824


378)


960
910)


147
245



Balances
 shares at Dec. 31
 2017

760


701
593















806








803



Preferred stock C - conversion to common stock
 shares

016)


806
022

















903






903



Issuance of preferred stock for conversion of accrued dividends
 shares


















651


450)






803)



Preferred stock D- conversion to common stock
 shares

000)


651
163

















293
797






293
797









540






600



Issuance of common stock in exchange of service
 shares



000


























Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options - Cashless
 shares



008

















252






723



Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options - Cash
 shares



722

















048






048









066






066













133)


133)











381




381













206
648)


206
648)



Balances at Dec. 31
 2018



003


153
667


997)


380
691)


802
982



Balances
 shares at Dec. 31
 2018



002
508















986


947
451






955
437



Issuance of common stock from public offering
 shares



986
110

















831
750






831
750


















Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options - Cashless
 shares



649

















837






083



Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options - Cash
 shares



584

















668






668











523)




523)







196


230
136






233
332



Issuance of common stock on conversion of note payable
 shares



196
460





















971
260


971
260



Balances at Dec. 31
 2019



942


552
998


520)


409
431)


458
989



Balances
 shares at Dec. 31
 2019



941
311





























































































































































































Preferred stock D- conversion to common stock
 shares.



















































































































Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



















































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.



















































































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















000





000





000





000





000





240
000





050
000







Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018









Acquisition-European Operations
 descriptions

 Oyj (&#8220;Func Food) on October 25
 2019 (&#8220;the Acquisition&#8221;). The Acquisition was structured as a purchase of all of Func Food&#8217;s equity shares and a restructuring of Func Food&#8217;s pre-existing debt. Total consideration was $27
060
701
 which consisted of approximately $14
188
000 in cash
 $8
357
000 of newly issued bonds (see Note 14) and $4
516
000 related to the settlement of a pre-existing debt. 







714
124


401
626)





200
000


600
000





000


000







100
000





200
000


200
000





500
000


100
000



















700
000


300
000



























































































































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.

























































Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets
 other than goodwill.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Sep. 16
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Sep. 30
 2019






459
381






















675
629











000
000











371









  2020


  2020









108
333

































000
000











333











022
568






















000
000
























783
752











000
000











248









072
222

































000
000











222











712






















000
000
























837






















225





































































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.






















































































Increase for accrued
 but unpaid interest on the debt instrument for the period.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


















000







461
037







  2020







412














253
093






























































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7(c)
9(a))



























Amount of operating interest income
 including
 but not limited to
 amortization and accretion of premiums and discounts on securities.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











554







477







208







239







317)







922







074







848





















532







343







175







050







823)







227







916)







311





















022







134







033







189







494)







695







158)







537



































































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.

























































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
























































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Jan. 18
 2007
Apr. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Feb. 28
 2015
May 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013








000
000


































531
047


































350
000















































500
000


100
000






600
000


250
000


500
000







530
000

















000


































000
000






































830
000
































200
000



















































800
000


300
000











































































































































Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.




























Description of terms of share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 type of award or grantee and reason for issuance.

























































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.

























































Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Oct. 25
 2019
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018















184
000


012
000



Operating loss carry forwards
 net



100
000


900
000
















































Operating loss carry forwards
 net



700
000
































Operating loss carry forwards
 net



800
000
































Operating loss carry forwards
 net

200
000


































Operating loss carry forwards
 net

900
000


































Operating loss carry forwards
 net























































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Details) - CD Financial
 LLC [Member] - Office [Member] - Carl DeSantis [Member]















826







Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019








    



reporting segment for the twelve months ended December 31
 2019 and 2018 is as follows:



    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
59
659
320
38
905
235

    
14
455
634
9
239
312

    
840
648
4
276
155

    
190
944
183
284

    
75
146
546
52
603
986





 the Company entered into a license and repayment
of investment agreement with Qifeng Food Technology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd (Qifeng). Under the agreement
 Qifeng was
granted the exclusive license rights to manufacture
 market and commercialize Celsius branded products in China. The term of the
agreement is 50 years
 with annual royalty fees due from Qifeng after the end of each calendar year. The royalty fees are based
on a percentage of Qifeng's sales of Celsius branded products; however
 the fees are fixed for the first five years of the
agreement
 totaling approximately $6.9 million
 and then are subject to annual guaranteed minimums over the remaining term of the
agreement.


 the Company grants Qifeng exclusive license
rights and provides ongoing support in product development
 brand promotion and technical expertise. The ongoing support is integral
to the exclusive license rights and
 as such
 both of these represent a combined
 single performance obligation. The transaction
price consists of the guaranteed minimums and the variable royalty fees
 all of which are allocated to the single performance obligation.


because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits from the services. The Company uses the passage of time
to measure progress towards satisfying its performance obligation because its efforts in providing the exclusive license rights
and ongoing support occur on a generally even basis throughout the year. Total revenue recognized under the agreement was approximately
$346
000 for the year ended December 31
 2019 which is included as part of other current assets and is reflected in the Company's
Asia reporting segment which was determined by the minimum royalties due during first year
 as per the licensing agreement.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019








    
    



    



 the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 (ASU 2016-02)
 Leases (Topic 842). Topic 842 requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use (ROU)
asset and lease liability in the balance sheet for all leases
 including operating leases with terms of more than twelve months.
The Company adopted Topic 842
 as amended
 effective January 1
 2019.


 the
Company recognized a ROU asset of $259
358 and a corresponding lease liability pertaining to the Company's operating lease
of its corporate office space from a related party (see Note 20)
 measured based on the present value of the future minimum lease
payments utilizing the Company's incremental borrowing rate as the basis for the computations. ROU assets also include any
lease payments made and exclude lease incentives. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably
certain that the Company will exercise that option. The adoption of Topic 842 did not have a material impact on our consolidated
statements of operations or consolidated statements of cash flows
 and did not result in a cumulative effect adjustment to retained
earnings in the period of adoption.


of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the Topic 842
 which allowed the Company to carry forward
the historical lease classification
 not reassess prior conclusions related to expired or existing contracts that are or that contain
leases
 and not reassess the accounting for initial direct costs.


operating lease of its corporate office space
 the Company acquired certain other leases of vehicles and office space as part of
its Acquisition of Func Food during the fourth quarter of 2019 (see Note 10).


the Company assesses whether the contract is
 or contains
 a lease. The Company's assessment is based on: (1) whether the
contract involves the use of a distinct identified asset
 (2) whether the Company obtains the right to substantially all the economic
benefit from the use of the asset throughout the term
 and (3) whether the Company has the right to direct the use of the asset.
At inception of a lease
 the Company allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease and non-lease component based on
the component's relative stand-alone price to determine the lease payments. Lease and non-lease components are accounted
for separately.


finance leases or operating leases based on criteria in Topic 842. The Company's operating leases are generally comprised
of real estate and vehicles
 and the Company's finance leases are generally comprised of vehicles.


leases
 consisting of lease payments
 is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Included in lease expense are
any variable lease payments incurred in the period that were not included in the initial lease liability. Lease expense for finance
leases consists of the amortization of the ROU asset on a straight-line basis over the asset's estimated useful life and
interest expense is calculated using the effective interest rate method.


lease cost recognized in the Company's consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31
 2019:



    
    
December&#160;31

2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
188
977
    

    
    
97
478

    
188
977
97
478

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
2
288

    
    
2
288

    
    
    

    
188
977
99
766




leases on the consolidated statements of cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2019:



    
 December&#160;31
 

    

    
(182
917

    
(2
288

    
(185
205

    
    

    
    

    
(26
486

    
(26
486



remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for the Company's population of leases as of December 31
 2019:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



under the Company's leases as of December 31
 2019 are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
310
532
363
022
673
554

    
102
343
88
134
190
477

    
7
175
50
033
57
208

    
420
050
501
189
921
239

    
(17
823
(14
494
(32
317

    
402
227
486
695
888
922

    
(294
916
(354
158
(649
074

    
107
311
132
537
239
848



































The entire disclosure for operating leases of lessee. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of operating lease and maturity analysis of operating lease liability.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019








    



the following at:



    





    
    
    

    
10
159
900
5
825
446

    
7
132
747
9
019
765

    
17
292
647
14
845
211








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







The Company recorded the acquisition
in accordance with ASC-805
 pertaining to business combinations. The following table summarizes the consideration paid for Func
Food and the amounts of the assets acquired at fair market value and liabilities assumed recognized at the Acquisition date.



    
    

    
14
188
056

    
8
356
958

    
4
515
687

    
27
060
701

    
    

    
    

    
1
300
468

    
2
161
067

    
331
774

    
    

    
806
572

    
101
413

    
14
050
000

    
3
123
000

    
(3
489
080

    
(817
041

    
(532
088

    
17
036
701

    
    

    
10
024
000




The following pro-forma consolidated results
of operations have been presented as if the acquisition occurred on January 1
 2018



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
96
078
631
82
373
802

    
1
714
124
(34
401
626









































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019











    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
181
116
    

    
10
630
041
    

    
11
811
157
    













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























977










977




















977




















478





478










288





288





766













































































































































































































Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















358













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











000)


000)





000)


000)












400
000


082
000





900
000


123
000





000


000





469
000


268
000





450
000


266
000





450
000)


266
000)

































































































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.





























 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)





















































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.
























































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Apr. 16
 2015
Aug. 26
 2013
Oct. 31
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Apr. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2019














003




942






























000



















651
163











CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | 5% Series D Preferred Stock [Member] | Amendment Loan and Security Agreement [Member]




















000






































000



















535



















  2021























































Preferred stock redemption price
 percent


























651
163











CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | 5% Note Payable - Line of Credit [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | Securities Purchase Agreement [Member]






























650
000


























CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | 5% Note Payable - Line of Credit [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | Amendment Loan and Security Agreement [Member]




















000
000

















CDS Ventures of South Florida
 LLC [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | 6% Series C Preferred Stock [Member] | Securities Purchase Agreement [Member]











































000




000















000




000


903





















  2018




































806
022







CDS Ventures of South Florida
 LLC [Member] | Short Term Loan [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | Securities Purchase Agreement [Member]






















000















CDS Ventures of South Florida
 LLC &amp; CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | 6% Series C Preferred Stock [Member] | Securities Purchase Agreement [Member]






















200



















000










































































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
















































































































































The per share amount of a dividend declared
 but not paid
 as of the financial reporting date.



















































































































Date the preferred stock has been redeemed
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.












































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Feb. 29
 2020
Mar. 12
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019

















  2020









412

























949

























253
093









  2020









412



























500
000



























000
000












































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















528
000




















350
000

























000




















000

























000




















000

























000




















000

























273
000




















094
000
































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of exercisable stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019








    



at:



    





    
    
    

    
107
399
19
933

    
107
399
19
933








































































begin 644 0001213900-20-006069-xbrl.zip



MGOO7LTZK?:8QU_0LV[W_Z]FWV^;D]OSR\DS[WW_[?_\?#?[O+_^CV=0^VLRQ





M^OSIUGQ@

M\(OO.2S(?8=^R7G)]5PWFN7#987^V_!YSM[0TUXBOFV&;^W_J7LZ87N:'_

MR/;= VTF#M)
V#.PSL3/N*:_G@7V;.X #;Z50W&^



MSG P^




QF=\R/?SV/@M #&CWW

F/4K&\

MWG3_RA%_R-%_XK^=T/_HVWH?U1+^6\2FHO)_\IEB@/VRP&H=163?[PAZ@2H
MY@10'* X0)T!JSC@ZY.G.*!.'!!OB#H#]G,&* Y0''#29XB:R5'7RY'%14I

L4%QP


M*6K)7[&2+2ON)^++UFN?39GO
^LV]
P35




M5X J
3Z=VSBK!LA;'


MCDJZ)+?4[91$45JMTFIK)%.45EM:JQ6
O%.M=IBJ^3/

X
M

M[I##NT


M.HD=4/_+62Q(H3AI!Y-;WXSGS3#L 

M8!*%H)#8_V;6-Q?L)#IXKNCZ 4\=
+



M9EVXK/?/[YEK/LP

^_0@$=.T8
M9JK'^K'S=8GT_?R%JU-DP_J[5SP$=KN_2=F!PX;O+A@A\7
O%]U*MQC)2P
MS5WLH4FFGA5S5I 
]Y2QUT P.4M5Y%*B'X62*@?5V_9QT:Y$PLGO=7P48**R






U)36O#QM4E'UPRMY@DTZ5RDO<NVV5$(S9IU\??'8B-'XB2<$+NW*

PS_7:





SBMQ&KWW

I9CC$-)X8RM-;N;!#/Z3MO0O_HP [G-O



9A'9LE?A V8%S^9@



MO_R6GF_EF#ETSA%RP^5$%@%WP#&*3OW[RAOUHV6M_ 0I!ZH)8\,L&^(U[:=
M-7^T_WUSP$C]YY?GJ
G)B@J**.9I=$(B[L;#[D\X^W



M*Z_;['3.-!3T](
X@S6+F3:L

(4$V*FXI3+?/

_U[[]+;,M6.8^=*F0&4?
M@D+7Z:Q?8P&8U2]R6^HL,DG:[1*<5W)U5W,T)N&M3\P(V?;N*.+Y!=*W$%O
^/.8'^H
M688WV^P\O!V^[U.?U0QO%\\UWP9A8%/NJM!RN9J!+(JJ6S4EC8GM0Z[6$7
MO7_[1=$+Z:W3U?O=865 W]CW#^'5]!NH4:@^;4UM8)@7,\')(L09:_\1)U6


F8%B!


=K)TBVI:T

_=_KP-UE2A)





M) H?/-_^-[.^N1;S%YP.0491H$K]W)]^-4W!)2#=Q\5[Y4#7#U?2_T
C7$TS

I?HKQR;O=+8U(=E[I+W@\ZE

M'^J[


XL


M%YON]6&^+C;;46&^@IO


M W]QZ_*T

MS ^YMJ*%'OV 8VIS&!S^
D(-GM*\Y(97
P(Y@F
$H689S_+O.1SUOO;
#+]5



]
R8:

M *SIW;LH!M



9(L GB?=


[ Y#
A/*R<Y'W5\_U<LA*


V?R7_]D9





MR\

C#VIOW
MS/X7//6S]I[Q\$;Y.)([7]A*OW0Z5K89NW;!Z2*U/K$NAC;=WN7D2^-V?



M
Y;
M^

[YK]!MMJ;@BQ#_M69L?QH:GG@Z!_UDB#$AN/% 


!J\FBE@4


*2]@%^+%Y!O

9-D\*A7@#+B\8/!3P?4;MKKA=R


(
M7[R6UNEV&EJ



M(9
[IK?O^0#C*AYPW9II48!L)B#OIU *&^Z.E71(M! FDJ -:4EAT8 G
M$YPYZ*#Q-1-#YBW4';ANXED1Z ?&HV$[Y.O-NF




1E;*L(4SOKY^%P2P)GQ#
JF
/&V,:B%=VN9.[BSS$U1\6W;G1<-I.GD_LO^48: 2;=1&2O

M&\,X6/)!QJCH[?:ZT$O .#'(UWTJ,(U5T&-_WRP0U96XJ;)[OTRV6V*[VV1
MG(_99JGGR\QSV'5T^JW19DO9!5UL(J5R2.07K5C@XK6#AT%=VPCK#;9EL[-E
MDXW;;.04\Z_B_MQ%;RS]3A5UPT%+WPGJ#B5$ESFD)S:*\E!+K[57U?;0'1[







MS@%5=%^=HZ51[I

S$[+#GG&D#)\!'3ZD.
M^,RU IYQ0]&.Y6R C3HV.Z?$65O24BD?O#D8T:.V_2F4T[9
*L=H'3$9!V7
M(IA%ZIM
MT


MLSI_7.;5';'7#[*XP/XZ:DKA$=/3T=YU^Q;#&;[38IUP)1-HTP352^(50T
MVW%DPJ\F
DYY@8=I:MF@*LY(/K@+7_+W[YA





/4




M9%I
O@9-1:=
Y%=2Y
@^B1.Z ZW;;VMGOXHB $1&5%P1WI)U X(S^KH[ (%U
M=AT7'*#]X

A1X
H\$!9KPD
M#.0&./K$Y-B99
2?=**



$L6!^.L
M&#)2

M;

)^
7Y_/ 4+@7


E.(

MP
/*. $B*!-^*HT/X-;X.SM: -XWM&P ?VS'8
D;3+?X/] T1P-92(2RJ@
M^7Z#-0R;Z1DGZ7)B/2*=T:.P\&/@[O/XDHC#7N!)($1^)





O ])
MX4K1D)&_6V.*D] 3@E+PKS#\
Z^D:G6FJ! .9:I7'&OOCMCT=#?
5*6\A%9Y


R1/

.9B-(
M!KX'F2XJ2GH!$;++ZZ NE4&5=CY:**DK8
VE
K8-H1@EKM5
!P6-MU!8+HH4

MLQ-R\?H-WH^[D=0!Q[3G/=?CE7L%DBS.-











M2T

MAH6-


QKF[N8= [!P&)

85Q(D 9$@UX7@E/B9C#&-[G/A'HOAYWDD.=%6.
Y]9%ORKC4M

M^-AL9FLZCF&50



]*L CI(
MG:$9IA*90AQ:[D;)SF\:Z-\NA($HE113#_
CXE-L28LQ%GF)!S^A6L))WP'Y
M3(DMWU$SBRBEJH7WLCELE K6S0&JD4(S9^QX]5Q[B% !R)/$#0I9P2-6JM1I

M/^IU(JZ7?3:C*UH/I)ABYBPS_Q2D-71A+G :XK$6-F4U#?#0IK9S=#/

9K6

@H5\PWJ?[U+JVG2

M22+O79ZMZ0Z//.

C#




4UJ=<O\!C^.D.0.R4;\
M?+<0!^G* OK#I8:89V)R(_3KV4L/LKGYMPP_TA%;;+LW[;;O


W60K#W G9FP$2 _#@EV?34W6LF/(

EOCD0L:



@*X:1D'W7'B2V+\LUW0
M68#QH/([T'.6D4C%)F)

2OT!%(


V1S*[=UAF(_
MH=&52,J[114C2Z+<.;VT4^3O_J9]\5KD$VNV==(=C!D)I$9J![*FU5B$3UC<
MP(RW+C30-+.2ND4\&44J]PL1%%2$EVZJ Y8)62![,AU'08YI@/BL0&8-I]X
MM^/K#V[O#7]6E$(Q/O&FH3'
K;/D]OWPH' A5VR^\-FN]?0SBX7ZI'P4BAO
MN/.MVV___$Z[M5%IG#[+^RO:'?@81;74$E*4IS)(#N&#FP7^3@54$-.%%E4


^$:6$TIXASM
R%ML5.H%_,OW(Y





BH/IP[TK'
DCW0WL3H%UE7


M5%O+@V/G-;2U7'% 'VVK2WU%4Y]3;74YJG#-A^K_3H^_5]T/=[..3G]%P[Q:
MMG?+(1'5S&7^5=QO^J%N IUP\&*GJ'[H6XC1!=YA#5%5%U1:P#UE17Q!PE






79*:1)II
MAJ*T*JFI&


%T3


0KHNS@$7Q<-:%/I1B+6+K9WP-(GTDKK,@
M0I-%+;ZX#$&2D$W/RPRD'$^\3ST%1&V2?7C'7Z\C?!-5A0I/U&:)4[C6*O

M^^J/X=YHT!B





X


M-51W@I3BN]\%;QDDNB&IXVJ33N=7S18^2U\I?L]AY/D+++Q13/YM1G+ ZR







M@*H
TS?$IZ
MK.LFC=X
1QL6SETVB@^[@E:_JEJYAUZ)XMA7MZ#:]0I-12938!=F;3O.BIB.
MDZWG

*DW7#9(T=W\4- $_1


/BVN]T5W1/OZXZ$9OK= )CFLIBJ?KOJ!N:U!L
V\G
MGNCCRCJH92J5RD*G)G


!Z*7PB3F/3)L!8 ]!
M3FNMA7JX-M7
W6-AVY(8/O(:MALX6LNT35H[8!5UQG933/.CH





*O)H&]+(L.B\Y1K]T8]$[%OPI;






Q_



)






M(P@7X-$ ]6



$-8


YUNP




5*
D=G
MT%AF$((EJ[C S@.E641M:*^@U^D[6#PHJ#_A:8K;=


=
3NH6D1D-S


BWQ43;S$K.



M)^N&O/L)/PK
/3 G]ND+%ETT
&FOO07L1G//C:^6Z?8DWG$3=LC 08A A;B#


1KMA

M9@#!.8$'2!1;S$E:TF/*D


Z$8'1:PSZG49G
MT$W)IO0B

MLQ$-CLK1X*C;&'87[V%V1(/H8
HEQ
WHL-ON-(8ZIT

H@KR




M5'4;G?&@T1NT&T4N;K)NT]JG-


M0267*3]4!H'JC9$^$*GWF%?OH'[/H9J!M

 HSF64N
ZC?%HV$Y*


MD4N8$G4N RY

M+R^41-\&C F%F#S:

M/X
9@]([ #T+]%S#=D$]EX5(@*.GS



3L;J]^Q/UL\\SH9A( H.U _
M

!8NA
M#$2

)7 +9;9(W QQKA?!*N
 -


Z



ME#V
ZWF&VBRRY1/N%9(R,C,)%5(L37I@[<2:K
M[<LZPDAI-


M[#X'DAS%PQO 8O!SXIRD!)+4=8C
D^*]:YC5-
!.Q@IW/
M
LGXVH31]ORO*
MHU$%4[*+K!8H'W#0 $Q%4 -ET^]1(.-@Y?1:=OKD%BZ^U+1P;%3 TR!1BM$C




M&







;P]6

[X05(;WL2UHWRIOKNB37R*X

AA5]
)OYS V[C9LH7WTDZ6B=SRE5B&SBJ^GB

MZ&EZ5N5P['4=*H=#Y7#4BR










C=.Z?F!@$W4
I/%EJBDS*



MB?7:;EP/B%8U!3&MZ:V^-@.J0OAAG&[J3QE&-\T@/X;RL_&
D/8V@Y37'2L%

787X




$8*H9L5P$VA3E2UO:)+^F7V.AI&B/

1+*I#*!(BWWQ 6LANP:#5


LY_Q:O^PN\_8Q5*4H3Y



+(


MV8^O!Z_CSH]:L]
[)$XKXKZ5$:4;\1?:WB7Q47;7-GI.?B6_?JG^6T@@O59;






M+B[X5^MJF%4LO]



GX@F@KML:E.^



MT'A(K?GU)[
*;P(D  (4*
$Q8U
D4)69E9F5E96/K=4
W@C1NF.Y[74MW@CY

:KJ\%\_!=[HT3#6/Y^9WLQRO
 EUXM39[4FMD?+']P2



_B])(%C_\BA@/A22&0A);''X9D3N^T@A#
M(8FAD

!GY[


E02*)'B]$[MGK'

M$);6J#C/'[/  TK_D1W ^TK#B#]P@6VR$;[=G7W@YF1FK@ L+
KPJZCKD_$X
+[YY9.IYQ)^N
M'# I_TVYH OJO0YH%6B66=;)6!GKR:I6!K94:LY<_Q\E[:OQ$;*&--[?ET
MOC)MT_.13D_D_#L*'/'N'=^P#L:JC: [)&H-%VM_O[QJ$
\_]I.@_#%-!Y

9_B[64^][Z*S*@EJ


M:*-J!F&B;9SD17^\)^Y*S* Q]:X75?78KS?B[]I7X:S
W-X]]386:07P(FV'




M:*M

'CC9QYH]*)R0N]F'^);








M)'LZ_R LR0.A=G&
I/.$7
1A7!5*\
@R;7C( 'N:YQZ!B#8%S%O\R.@YHJS
MD2,(71U_0MK8I0LJ!604 Z('5@^Y3WD'% KL-IS$Q;$)0C& DZ12 +KI?)B



9(9V!6BX82



 $J@%$%S#UGFC$$E8&^ L*'I@@A^K8

!'F2@
M%3BS)E8 G(;G*&;_TFT9OWX

F!C3U*CRT69U07#8GW;X!PP$MKAI
M@

$39N












MJQ?\:43 0V\F31WJR9?

M9!R\X\V]X_L4W]K'*5[F?^I9V.-!P+BVN;\9=FX+URFZGQ8KH00\]!K.B_

+
M]^DS




C^
3=AK)Z\JHSU1
M%=&EX3S%OE&U) H)*\





'0#P_XML&O1TNE  T99W&1IXY2$SO#PBAB8JL.$+ :?MFYB




T]! P
 0-#P
 0

MSX&Y) +W)?E8FV




M0HV\CV U2(+*S0.:O;(MZIP^C^8SCX4LURP8UGK)Q-TU\?]5]AWV(QQO\ 
-

M4 571'T'Q&^NXVVKY?W'+/  BS]B^RG]\E=Z0-H:Q@4FU@L%4G@.P/MMX.
MV&!Q@

M';8MV+6ZQQ
+Y&
9 WCFTO8-^]$$D9QZ'O&](?BO0?#?Y #!?[]=7Y_]X_++


,3V1OE52^X7PKI7;!$YMG<#+2G]
ML237TEQ[=.D?7/BWQVU?8CZ\'J+KY.3K 8D*+Z@E@1BMT4R+P++PI]LW3+W

M-4(?'UCE





M6]+#WU#0&:=5VK'D[[*&?)FN+A&Z/P7V-VODC:-W@(J_QYS;
62^#)DO#3)?

B1;D]JC&&_@NTJ T?Q#'N!4H4D$X 8%'X#4*XQ73W\K1TOU?L


MX!\._
.!?SCP#P?^-W$


Z1J^O[
M\Z0S8B[/?\RO3\_@V]N[W\?'7QC%_ 7$1?R




M;.)RSTMSMN1FANOB

&*M2W[
X AB8O]HNY3
M(
X

[$CF9A8S./\\@L

=8NZ8]



M%L3%)0J_
5LN<I5_,\)8#S&8\NH3$_31-.P@;H$_P_!E/!RS^4/@Q]-X9&6.



M?RP*H
?

=F
M:2(PD#V@D6&AV'NEZYT@&SY*:9Z:




M39FS;!NQ9H;J-D0S$,?R':G+O6V.(';N-J8_]+C:P#.'-?$;LE0T^OG/+T
M%CO



;GS9N'FB[R8U$:C

HB:E=Z-7P7@7!MO7
M_]HFE8[8JBZ/CP31W2Q0#6E1!M6KMH9TI1$A]_@K:#X^@KKIFSS/9$G9138
M@E GE.A
CY4C+Y0J[5=OEOUUA$AV DN%));#*CMCYE]$[AD U_A1(P/GBFP
M]\:G&PY^#10ZY,,FZ!2SYH4Q(P4&;Q\LPHV;BS+(V\PHS7[PW/]/[Z:-OK5

MPP$Y!




0RIGON%Y5
M
WK'-9$$6^!$+N21/ K[81O1/=X?KW[O%
#DQU
LT@;K9UA
CU?CW+(8EK&@

P#36W3
M65;C0YQ.@H_GRPT5M&6I

M'(PS

MB$RJA2@IJ5$6IXVOUQ8(
6T
X!M^X&.*]X+
49]Q^9=H/?\50!DER;/&8]XA



MAKLA+I@T6*PGL1\][+TRLP+J0*--LT:L& YP)19!
@J;2+SNTDW .CQNYE-/



M_BW(\0#3+Z][I4


M&^KUP.C%9?EV3@]O'G?Q]VCJF0:5A_
 S]G-U4XG]\IC?K*#C^O.][KXR+PH




M.ZX&6_WA;F;VZ 797N!I^:W



CUVG6^FRO#AT&YC[)\(B:=SIU%V&T\_Y1X

M(L#E
7Z@



M#
:DB*^G:7^45C3)EGFC)/



MN7WR2%B^4E1^9.:@PJLB.P0C(XKS!IM*!&?8M@:#*%H BE2]@]0;]0RH9O

M$QG!6J
XP+^(3VN*








M#R_U
'87J5?N
-T=H!=:96IYY9KCMCSWZFQN.:5?+OV=THFKP:/U'+0[./
M[3J^_



IGG+NMB('M:KVWTOM(1G[-3CQIT;NJ%[N8E78M?QLB#PBM8G*Z-4


M6Z\S]GO*)U*\EMUM'Y29:P\4+O\27^$K9Y[U4PUN:7!B4FU^&=J^6.B\H^




2Y7:NN5];7P^R0JO*O236O4U^K=O8Q
M)4RDS5$N:PQ10**T;!X/2



3HMY,UTB+JDH7%ELI@M0PH<8$(&Z+*-1#3__JI1JV






EO;)*QT
MK&;2?J

M0N-+


M?:(EPS:KC1R'WPR6JK'+[%732-I!_AC+W&RP968K[=GY4SO9XH$KG.J'GF$@


0BU;
TWE%YRSJZ^C*!*#1N*!HL:(9

MUWM

RIN[\D#E




M&
$ #X9@P!S7
]]!1Z2DAL6[L7PS%O U?=.P.#:4%9;O1GASY:)3-9)Y
- \
M+[G&P=EP(GKUBNEZ7L'[0E+-/8





M3Z-





4:\?SL#\#0Q\[

0
T* F!4 7//F68,066@KX#PH2GP0)O-6;=/)X-%YTJ







M+.@'0KG^*K
@YG*
KVU2 6GI _?=




T
=PAS2H4^]Z49'



3
+AV3I
W
G?U








5(:)B^QDSEXB'CSU@
M$\]*LV<1QO3<RZQ0+JY


K
!JK<5'*WA<=$.8#['_I'\)+KSW/&K*B


M]4 L*P
3CB2.?_$X+'#@OT2E9FBI!RRY% Z%=P.%KZU=


MX?FD


LUB)]

MVE !;:P3


M4/J=EDI.A7[&!^](X8!M4J/'7:E:99Y?[B%4Z.^DW'ZH_$-]Z(#Z%&:[[8
M$Z&A(



M;:/E-XBMK T^U??IH]LI*9$H(S@_QU?W%3BBO&%$5&NI#K\=OOE$(ZG;=XKT
M 8H7)&6K%;F[ \4^LFH5])_8(Q@H$U1TXSH+#*8]!3L&-QJ
G[REC3B]ZT42
M WG0 *+M44-)+


Y
MT


V(]@V@ '

M8*T2UA$IS7;LV()*;Q:_$NG#WH7:R




MR[?/B-


%R


M-/5









M3=%*=ZW4^

MR+$=@F;&R2[SOOH$)4C6F(!A^??H(G :W0
V7E21F@Q;*+HY5TO@5;-5Q1U6




6SOAO7XK


J*.!&4D
G9BGV-V


?

)Y 9


N)JD87X\&TT)\XE@KH$D
M%I5/AVKFB3+.;NW-50.3ZAM=Z8%A!+5RH32Y;$LO!E24)*/PL ZT2S1<\

8\?XIWB@K&VF0\4?)GJ


M
U?/A[M?$EI\*.QTQP&[.1B@^QB]]KPD-NV%!RAZYCS
/.:HQELX+F?8G#'[
M



[--@8+8R




MG*$7CA
2C/'IFKC T2M@;
^-/-PSA,5(@]'MVB ?@S*7<1COB'AMBS^'GC=Z@E)=!)]6G[:3%GP
M*

M&?@WUPG6W/7+/[E/'^)O/_R(0\#*S8&A7?
!Z_A@;W




M !8[J6%O]B)7.Z[1*AR7FV/L3J@CZ%.X@T6Z4!90B7A)#RSETSX95/DJSQ


]!2 Q3/L 4@5
NFJJ
J:-JX-1_8:
MET:YMUB]HN+H#4M7M% .#+A+DB6E6/G5G*]2S0E)EQ0U7:AVRWPI1_87QW[$
MY.6TY[G%=6HP4Q5L%46=R+I8&.!2-
\6@F\)\JZVSIHNRY-)(=U+@JFKS5ZI

MTVRP.7;#Z1LJ

M7Y
 2T@J*35;9;:V(&RZ75*IVW-#A
.2H$\$


Y:SSKX&CZB+8CJP?N=
MK8VIP78)@7&X[&BB?JF!54%^;H 55.$UV0)UHSB$X-;XG_1U7Y9%CP!/5

M]SX;GCEKOEKYY1'&FCB9J#O1*(:C=22J+4W3M:B&1'1=$66KABM8G^9;LV73







:5_4VU7[!]SY)$55=:5M]*NXM-)C1,W2TO=J,2G
M'I%OUHA$)U@43O64A#'TC%@T=0?


(OEVL92A.??

M
AX+2G3
X703J8.


M#4O[B


\3P





A
[WR-W?!?A
MF'7F:F&G 
5 W998Q+7PC@%$@WU!X

M7=/2)73*9F.NTM[YF(+MC/_ML*SZBR


P
M9$$4TG4QZP

WV@EUIAA!2&=(EQIXK: K4U?



9L$YSSO.1ZK3=BK[5)ZQ&T+[








M

MB+[\9^.__#G].-_B/(ON;9F9&P$6QXT# 7+_7G_SR]N[SCKB^XF]OSN_.K
M^^G]Y?45-[TZX^Z^??TZO?T=?[N[_.WJ\N+R='IUSTU/3Z^_7=U?7OW&W5Q_
MN3R]/+^K@ ']Z


M[G NCW
6W'0%J
P

KF!.Z/N%ZTJ4Y)99G!A[W5S!.
M

M6X4K\*&%XZZP.5H38:=PE J\2V@








0CY





@XZ8&'?9B V,^QU E!AJ2V)D/; 13)CK7C*M:AC9;:LDI
A/L.G0*%YDT#7]@ (-5A^@Q2@9




.KD7=V[
M6!D$!!!Z=&'[F:.0..[/G/OX\$D2%%Z2=5Y2U1^WL7LH0V/MAW+9G_Z?4J0C

MQG\L39]4U;AIMON\R79UZ=V4R


JY*6\L+ ]%K#HNTO+IE Z=4GB#4$ RE!;$8J%9=(O+Q'#T[

D,B?7??_VOO2Y[:M+-_O4S7_ THO4Y%?@31WB4XZ5?+6

RX8
M*9DI4T3L32YA)


0
M&07&GV



65BS3A
M=)J :DUH'H1,06+:W3AJS+]:JGFF%DAZ -AYUB($(P#K\@0PH43L5AJ1DYV
MY!D'54^


Y8*$YYPOB7E.*9*C3*&'S.-G

MX9HTB&6- 005KF^X3-4F8X59-+'/?K^'')/9Y\G 'PWKW)
.3B3U6+$%O6P1

L4K7)\6G#1A
MD
_EO.3\V= ID\A\QZF/B#J'\[.3FF[HV_8681Y7/)5VK9  33U EU
+M!=@
UQ @_8/HD\Z3DH@*WD&-&5.3/:2B@I-6R2? %3FB#
X+YD-S
M4F$8H;O#*M1F?)9MHWY
M(MA?/SB?EB^C/I#N_U7[ZQ8T6FLLS@$
UAR&7
M&2?F4V47L;X,'+J9+5S,3S*!,MKX!,E694ST/ARQPJ@X6$= #YC65HN6)O,
MJ4P'IM=B8WSXD5*!FE








J

MYUW3B?4V
KLR\Q+RTM*39EB1\(U11^I+HJM9V26!;K&Q4 G:3I)SUR2W]Z
M &WOC


M
;S7TB(JE$WIY
8?IMAH=@Z^]H@YQ'D00L4O[Y:O?UQ^4.'W%+=-)87*9 K[
M 3;#WU%'\=[=_



M]*XHR7







(U
&HW4KP5;EG\-2R#UEZLWF8B*#XI.0
M.!7]LLK8].N999Q@

CN:KI:5@E*5E/IRC2JA)2('9=%6!

KJFA
- V
$HDUK-(G57:4*

MZIRTQYXN3







MFEXET;]+]X9R'@!A@GWH?I%.
(J-0OJB9%%*V6K4D.IOELG2N\2




_
M _E=)RYRV%8D]8.#1%+XK-9:$LE


M%K+)E

M$W]2U##\FBG8QL1F!

M%6:M])!D1$*NM0AU\T[%RD8ONOC

2WO3
=FK#H3
MT*P'C:*^IVX
+O.5/(U+S5: _2C
XR2Y5T@(B0Z/Q6WG-(&#/'/EF2.V'-K1
MYXS300O-V!S42
 NM-41^0VM$66A0KI.HJS)A+
NN ^8$.;$+7S-D+$.%NRLF?


.[
0Y5/LVB?YFD[$ U
M'CNJ8\*ON0ZY&5FAI7:1;))IBY@M=Q60







M8(2YV(1J33?(O**N0FU3D#;2T _;X*IHKX(






ME]Q&\96(7Z


M1




*VAK'Z8CC9\1!(1D%Z
)U70^46K!G



MHIT\B!-TBU


ME*2NM*-I/]SD02-'$:Y!AHPRH(3.L@(6+:1$L$DYEEZI4%!/^\2[VR11;'7
M[U

E.3L9L2
MF%PJ-E0+'!&5G.4R_(1\36/CTLBF3R%50--(6PH5J&A.E82SVT:G]S8CW5T
M]MQ+%YA6BP! $7\CJ!CNMS_GE1LG2L&W%?7A.:P]*QIP6:Q8QN&=*CH%MM'

U


M




M45._
XD:^P(NL80USC5190 

MK]J&3IZ:PEQ]


LP_P[D&!=M1['1T-.-K8S5QG6HPZQ@#7\UC]#?R^



?QCFT)&$IRIZ=/

8SIM8096_GJ2G]EB53$0 O+
M$SAAGP1KY'E+52X5 6]PD;=DXE,EG56MWX)DL









*4658

C!2 5B/NA*G*L%SH
MBO+XOM&:;








AY/
(0YQ98IAEZT$\*&G)2YS@6(P
MIB-
(Z(8\ S^&''HM0XX=N!

9.IL6




IUSL^YM*(O





=KG^NES[%[B<B5Q*0L
M$?
T+D\Q0I



;6U*<[TK7
8=M-E2[L[(K<,][\LC7K;7HO-]^T7;
M!3$W+KNCF'$-A&1=VIH.M/B*E[.-MU*G?^^7YZW?




^*IL(


MIB+M=9GR6'Q@L%5W=G\]:![*;B;?V_WD[]W07R++BBC=
UMRU%[C35O9U7_M

M?5 *=Z44[CQ4;]_5GH.V^

MQF91)9OU=AC
_AEHHT&3#M[K]#H/8'I\10I\O]OQA_U[L#KV?=ZCOM_I_7CS






 T%E@\-4U^/.G0&P_\
ZY*?U1!Y;^^K3


E6


M&(YV








_/O6[?[PW[?F?<]ZZ#W OQ%BGQ?@\R(+._NIU&+']3\5 Q3B2

M

PH]OY1)LKK=WP:!(H

MFU'Y
-Q+.




KG_P%66;0ZG59'/X^#B8I!*^7G?\%71][3






MY-\^ROM$3P73?YC$N'?+K Z/9AG7D.;SUEOWZ#1BVL5@O+)B2JK
&4RT:@
ABKG!


$%     @ -41L4!*$
MQJ.E%P  )!
! !$   !C96QH+3(P
3DQ
C
Q+GAS9.U=;7/;.)+^?%=U_X'G
MJJN=JRW%EATG$V^R6WIS1KNRY)/D[&2^;

MOUA?D!OR%._7]G@ /Z/ZKZS+-Q?(:C0J5/8%4\?S[\;]366+(%A=G9X^/CZ^

T Z:[*(L\[/S
M,\@ZNX#_-,^G9^=7E\VKYMO?*K83H!DFW;.GL[B?ZH5OR'
WA3^
_IY]?C^





M42

J-(2==81]Y$_1Y3\6[ %
MYF@7
9U%$S;<0(]/C;E$0 ^R1<+I&_'LTF9$[!
MZ;$1N!&V[85@^]/Y+?1QF^-V?N


MBWWS3


MTPJ
2









*-

M
@GO&?X]!&EZ/!B0A)'E5#W
BH





MX.UN@=U::R


6]UQWX_*&6HL.U
M63N@G$RO%





J

7ENJGY&B(]!5B@G#(JK59^5AQE
MY0'!/[8Z^']XSQ[CF26^XWT50/ZG$T:6*_[J=I2V\/'LTPG_\'
C^2[SOTT
M-T]+-R'A56N^XRTT*J,1-YQ4@7Q;J47YSCA4(LZ@$,Q.$^:3@(2\.+I*UL6


KCU_AH$+'X]1@!
%N7LR


M^$'^EK.$Z8D%T?;/YDU


M/BX8R5R%T%0A4_H2G3)63I%.\VA
%6TS W806UR[WB.[]KWE)C7YI+(T7980

MFV


MO:\?'?A\)G\^X](W:.2YMCC;A-EV8B^P$[IX-

M&:L6

A!)4MN7J6]S&3K6 O/'N5-$G\T
M4[[;H^D)6EH3Q$HV 6/H1S1:_ /^GI.XG2Z'072$QAINR7-5.09?M:Q38/-
MS:TDG-;&%
](VGPNRM^3]14
R@






MLC%TM8UXNQ0P=&T3=W^WN[ZW/MG&Q@OR]MWG%MM[AS@0!6OB:-81H_T:V7RX
MK
Y^M;H):<+:+B
M[&.;C&*MN2&,QX01Q5[()(M11VND97:$A[-DHWQ$<W;4*E(^^ID30^F
EDE

O;W OC#-^&/D\-
MIE[O0P$PJ^-B8SXBAP_:.UBQOK2);-#57;L3O L.0XQA^RRQRLNQC45:*!


M*ZLJN:E*C%^



MXU[UGGHL###

79;\+%
5&7D/W ['

(
M?U.

2




MIC%WY$:S)
XOCK-*T[J6Y'5(=%XNT?GKDNBB7**+UR71VW*)WKXNB2[+);HT







'TJYL)=*C2Y0_
MRZL!M5*RHTM2;FLH4NU6Y.@2%D?]%K 65(T09FB/+]

MUHYL7G-VNF
M3Q[MSLHZ^3@BO.O4!

MQ!&A[;9\CS#E=K376Y+X+8
6OZ$6O\$D?Q5'?!!' N1EVW@ED$:7BEMAL/!\






M'
AKRR/R7*P1BB
9*F;C^F'


%3-?F6B6J!-0T?+-_]5S*\L
D8HL@.W2WY

42F84HPK+)OKO8;396^#)=+=P'WUWAB8RMH&T'

NR]BN$K;*3!&&5I 0@K<D=OW:\#T_LFS0+)71U11<5@^!&XUVT_A_



927*!KX5IW1+7#<LELW  0L6 E9W:$W4$Y\




=(N
MC$(?32%G']HI0.UA?(=#OC_!]AE!I[K$%]J[.F-?0=[E!E.+[ +V#QR&L(

MJ37[@&?=(R_Y[&_[=J5FY^H D[



MTIDM= )]







)2#M5S\F&7Q\YIA7Z.$B/<GP-T<JU74&(Z%5

*KE51U#$?&VAVFHQ!$NYFR(WVCF501#AT*7T9 (K8RHT





MEN4'%/RP:CU .L_6JZ7O$L3Y+8[[9=!R7,6-G (0CK2:I#.2]KG#DJ=--R



M*NE/H%@F
6


MCA5
5DE9+96O
)XTB03

M[43Y8N-)^CI.9/I9OS87CC]KJ
LC5Y(5:PTGH2&Y(FB(TC]'/OT6!E^)
&I@
MLGZAKU*K2.DMZ#CW*GT5Y1;(@%K5N 8#DLM;4.?^*8?A?M62^:1#%3W#^@
.
M (TK-Z=)\BV
#

$2$*C
MZ:HN0%$ YG2-_SE,I^\MG69XF'VH?=C,1LB);K#B89<+\RDT-2HM=&/G@F%
MT7P\RT

MY..0:KIWY+A9*!2/UHI-D$ZWR25YYC
*;3=ZW9 I5BR'5-
])


?NTO
M1].)T9\
C:&Y&


EW\WY\;@;CXWR0!8+
QE@]R0#(ZQ^Z. ^[*






W=!88



M@'2DWG-/911 4JXMD60'1^%8]1@M
H$')PE=

ME//=)[8MH




M?+WYS$

WU9%
M5UR6=;J9'++)0^2#/EI'GBO1QO.OUC2$S)I7Y434\#AYIDXZ\,=TJJZW*

M&@6 /39 JF)3!MAK^ E&R!5-2D#O&P+H&3J4'6/,M V9@QK-4XX?Z@B&\Y
MKOGY)
 N$3U5&Y$PT8HJV
N+(F5\I.)K_OJB!O$IJ2;$:(REF&
PS2*$L:J



MBU?$694O;981CU!:^4D\H22TBX2.&Y/0$=AV!:06]4G:ZQ.PE
\RTIM6;#
M.







MX=\[OSA^PG]#?[N8C]D_MY_[H?/^N[=.Y^Q

M^LN7+]\%]-'Y0L






MQ2I^XM8'FT
?^-REI@FN8P34%:7N%\_WV0=&;$@'=Q[3MU([\EI&@/563-[(
MXW/
&4FX&IQ WT30JVT(:#K5
2OIB?=5IA+VFS ASV-+C56S 3.+&A_F8\^Y





M$;G;@
Q=;$)/G)O)H]J%T4-WS)IW6KV6W'I&H!H*U91S;3IK:DGN$9CIQ:
IWT*]OBS=4:C=

M)55J@J2]/FI4K=
)7*:K*6LW %1)M6;U!J J=\.:U1N JMU;2S93R]V3TI@U


M'

M1\X;?%DL'_LU;V(7G]GMG'7VM;(_.H';V3;1R;51$W!QR%X.Z3F#]QRBQ'[N
M


51?#G

M.]FF&DN@#

MRAU#/G2I7K@'OUM%-)?J[=+UPXH&


MG9NN0 93!.V-[)?.A2]E
!42(O&M71+S#O//NPTHQ*&H](UQ!O.;88 =^5BA

MNQ%-W
A(4@L KDJ65NMDDV2GJMM[SH6-XA*\G2;N!%-WMB(+4
N$K9)77.






N=03G#DY/O(4 U[$(T*9_<?^,9U?]2:C_^DM1]-)IS<9= ;#17\^FJ7_
MGEYV+JX7H\EPL:@QHM_ YPY&3\=RWC16XP67)C9?+@83I8'81?7GS_WYK_S

MZV%M:$0/?.80=8\1C28
T7(ZKU-'I9[VS




P?P\6G(;




M3 
OKXC%'A&


]@G



M8%X4V



MO9#UFKM4XHNG0Y&9\\1_U?OBA.XDX1IC^^LTWV?OT?%\;MFSWG?%ZDHV/'5]




'-%



MNX9I:EV9RK






C<


&UYDZEYE1$

%LM:







MJ+%[]Q1 7-+X/*YWJD3I&)=VWPD&@$]HL*I(V:'JJ;)V) %$W$?[AT2*7+F%
MIVR/#XLR*7+KR[=





M4 JO52F\$4VX5*XH=;]X/D_V










)2M;V73657KNL05!


F4K**$_FHVA47E3YAMD!Q(*[LAN4+

MX_3WY)&JKA6+2]NY!2[1L8P


&[J6HO#:PW7+




M=WW%RNY2Y@HT?]NXJ#0JAM:





M 555Q(R5$P'IYOFYM^T
:\T)4%X//VDZ^
%-0@T1*D[$9]NM


M%CB
_5GHK60FNW83IT:E4A2(TD^&C;M=/YHS*2!K+E
$L9K%4
%MK/5
JVD8

!F&_C:!KZ:.*F@P1V;A#=\

CK*I;$5!Y.U=5I)J6DX+\IHH97C#?6'DQ=[8N




;HZX)O9*9K(T.M
MA]RVD:%M9&@;&7I:D:%V






X4L

82H#+KI^1'PR&2M-



MD5+
I__C3#B1ZA) L:RENP#*L0.'3&%_+G9
G2!294[;RU4HV[A96)$0
7!P


MR058\6H&M!;







-VWF&\R7HMK
-VWF



M-;ZO8LNS54WC.=3@%&39



=N-I?7)0T7)'ST5K*

MJ3P0Q;8]C SRA1

?=$5*QA'



;5T6!$_2A@/Y*E\Y7(L\Z_/0ZE
M'TWZT\_#SK+WVS;9_X@0]TXNV*@[[2 =KI-0IWP-/\&KH8\GL]R
^MM#D*


MB@HXI'*[=\0&NZ-PAKL7122.^(N#V_M

MY^5
3MD.D
$/[L8TBOI.&#ZM^3P0NK+S





W/G_OK27N
[[_W(1SL4B




MC9[



M2])1OQ9AR .%ZN 
Y:Q9#Z^89\PK$O 4R_S!2'?#=
]]O]R=N'O
$[3Y=_6U

K@.*6(C6!3DWU
M )MVXFNKF)5Y7U+-ARJ-YX-]@:Z/4(,*KT/CAV-J/76+RMN*9]74-0@9G-PQ
M1FAH9.A,GZ)(\](Z%'1D^_2RPP5/G'3/8F4;N9$A?H
QK@UC;QU^SN
Q_=8

)JLM%HRA*E+U@5^I$













C Q.3$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;.R]?7/D

MEM2:3W\ ^$Z\5Y% EF8OXG;:JDPP$_@AD4@D$O_RO[^L$_2$\R+.TG_]ZMTW







M&_J9
O[GOWS;





MZ*0;XZ5/YGUIN


M F*4.7&XL!
AF#LNP

MJWP
4C1DFL8YE%B.RSC$:8$7#SEF8LB-B(S2F3U1B]J:%C&9=_#H91M#IR9&

BEA)S<.WXJQW@T: %5#6!
MOK[,BN+WP!!\@\L@3G%T%N1IG#X42KC*B%UB4RUP'XAB2CH4XJG@M@I7L5A


MOD&

M14CG[NJ*0LSNNHJ R/N@ZR3C9OXI:FG?($(-S.EI#SA/DJ HEBMVG&!RY
S3


$J3
F!R
MAB1C!5HH:3E@8
E4S#&8.C[4




;9P#
1
I^1HZ)8WLU\L9+$M%

M



MP0X@'T  Y(
%0#Y !\@'-4 (
#Y0@+S_YH_?^0#(=W8 ^0X$0+ZS 
AWT 'R
MG1H@'^HEY@_T?^=.

M7D



O--BD/H
SY'6)/MU^A@T8@2#1AMI^7=/
M&]:T/+7 VY4LP
SA+?;^R*.XB!_H6]Y&]PWE=
[#7[KQ!Z$L&7$8GDY!;

MSN/T 9AMJ?+LSH
P3L35+52$3I-
I((.

MMZ?


)'B9
MQEA@%$ W(


MWTQ(F\ YX9T[ZJD]Y54BRHH=T F]'&D6O#!09R_P'D?UI*G9[5J]]IUD[&Y*




L1 U
MY !


&EOIY3\LZ
MA:5(=#
^9T-NHT:+!A

QCMB-()QCS94
MF.AHV6
['G%QPG(F$N*YXB__AE^DVG%T;I$A$7
(C1$1(&R()9. HR9&C!H1

(J$:#/1_ S'T H&DZP6E\3K
USB/


W(D*4W L\%D22B$ISG@0/ L5&O[N@UL
M!@:#'T$
OT@B[LI%0X


ME
8^:F)44:.Z$:\&K

MRT




M8B3TZ+PF)53G7-4Y^#GYF\A**&A=)R=(Q1TG*'$(#BDTZ:J% ?1];YHP%
M &SHZ:@9:'J4?B##B2H&3$L&$YCV71@86?7DT%E@JMX36&@Y:JJ]AZ3*9#5
M57G%J=EVK$XOZEDH

M.-=8N/&S7

TO? 8'$=8XW01R=?=G@M

M;U.BNA&GV[=AC549/A2K90

Y!)'8@'[

XQ'Z/G X
Y6#Y^T; V9NI/0,R4!FI^X*2

=)7
9L\\AN)#QF


WR8U0



M_!@D6YE#):1T?!--)NKHYMF8# QRY+();I95E$VUT/_Y]INW;]]1MP@]4;X_
MH_=OOG_[]LW;MV]14542#;;E8Y;'?\/1&_0WG&?-WV-:$S*J[J9UQ4914*)3

35\G'Y


M%$=G09X2BU_T)#_%JSB



V

D1@$& 2I^32E8D=@<$AP^YEE17.?92IK6


'@-!%!*_@@(4%*


_1^:%ZO&F);+J34R
M4V%@H=0L8!G)B=GQJNJEC9@ \8^-I+];4^





2):''!BKTO4T4=

M$_98Z?E.5#






MFS):

MNUQQMP@UBYE]



M/)M.]%%U-ADYK*-1O: FVRA0 &REK__D[Q4/B8R
L.[D[V#/B0 HR=$XHE
MWU[]S
B U%IKQ;J
4WQ!_BE++1

15
@A9(B1NMKRSW

!R9LZS08(7C.JT<+3K<YD;Z*









^\
9\6^DL\R
M: M$[


9

/;30$AU
M37/A!B7825SIX\M4NFN\XSNQ:/CE\\%CB[29?.[2(LR2Z]C+$.@KLTY/C)
MQ1T5':WPEJV  ?'.HG-5TBB:5PS-[



MJJ*1 F+G95&E G
!7HX2S *C%
\663-9KT629


O[@BA4
M8K*3C+8AES:T4PON3KQW4JT[[+9B![6L[20Z=]+=-$*OD!).%*01RAAO$6)Z

M*2C(J[P(PVQ+IN
-#G'\I'@.SHS5+V#ERJBARO-!
Z$6

I=4QZE
M&

MU#?E?9NI

-Q8\SQIB3=DTP#
Q.3<4YWEGR;D &1'J,2CJ)X(J7N9BX(9QKN=8*LGOLK.C/(S

MK$(!
2I%C,'?4Y=D$Q*DE$TCH


D7S[=503_YZ&
<(\F&6X\E&R]+<F.

MM\.R'-O-IBH[$B1-F=:SZ@_:^KE&K$Y+=E@H

MA$E6;'
PT7^19A?I*LO7U8


W5B@H&(IHC

M


MM6'VCM%=)1:MR&Q/SAI!=2OTNG55\Z]K:

:"H(51_V6K/5T](L UQ1I%H7(;(
F)PO$EH%N#5#R@%M













Q.10=K:XA;.UD[RP
<&9.JJ5Y

*Z#62^/&=1F7+E]0%5\S9'18*<M
MD5ZU+ 





E_?G9S0QR*V[OER;]-[6!





[#8!IA![$NR2T8)F$9!;XUMR5-&#,XICA;115CF]3UI
MHZ@R8KPTOJ.GX]OS_[],RU;1BO9[E^V;*H5MO?4!ZLI_J)?3U4L;E=/O?##
MM5).#P98!D+R_EW_O9:*!P:\/A=D W96E/&:;+MDSZ^,B5Q2Q@'S1#C P

&
&@SD9:


MED


G=H




ME@T
]
QEY1?(BI

%!XGN4X?DBKVGSAL'1 &K'_3*K#0S-3N$=[+A&[

Y_#)(M7J[.XY1X('&07*1%F6_7
MW7FFK+?

M%%7BR$H8H '/864LA]P@%E 02S]AZXZ=FTC-S+C7RCLVDQ+1A(:024%WR
MLEL^_*4[*J*:YRS^Z)F2-)R.:U/:*;H&AF@4,O,SDY$H:UEQH@W/$^&!@
MK;N0W+^RO-S0_\LBYC3/,7[])A=[;[MU)+3=.G=51TD3]LW P:[N\LN+MUP



X3:-^

.!
[\.7 9$O
M2$ZS[7VYN






%M?6FR2FL'KEKLPJ_





MU7@'1ZPI%/;:(GXL:XQ29&US



7@[(6#M'FSP.

%I
F(
X&


Z/\3*(PN
MXQ1?E'@]/OPW8? *)TYP):1::KBP&HMH BW*@Q@35'Q=$^-
\W0?\#O3CABP


M!'21)KM
X@@4Q%^(0]&P6#;QRP=H[]3MJL!X'$D[3:#WZX0T]7L4-(W1FUHA


MBG#])?1U_:W?PUC
3X+B\3.Q#+0P!KW@1L25[:Q%E$[C%7)1!V$*GLP[0/6R




MLMT[Q4\XR5A%&#5L-#PN$60D?A]
2@8PN#*1DG]]I^)AF^JHXX*%-_GK]A^#
M.#W&Q.VEMV$D_6+


M9Y$C!;ED(

YOD\9P5IQ5ZGD


N1V';C6Y.+9BY)C66GG+6$E8]DK
MY1RTW$ L*%NP*[KG(F6Q+E/.!*.\^/JW\'@1R 4_X(W)7F#*B(80!X#S&.
MOJ.(96+GBG2!(_X*2CQ=1)43S)+=#9E=ES@VT*A49%O TXP@+
2=PS%Z^U]




SRDC[91H
Y\N0K/;G;W;9:Z.'.6TSK
<423R+1)LR-B+PFS0H&%R;(#






MR2QE7SS)J!_Y$:=TS.DK\=&:GO^R

MB*?R#C2M:&
HM80H8: =0?WG&S%R%@Q'6YH'&:Y^DS,,CW6(]YY7L9_Q2I
K$3.BK:)Z! (J^3
Y52U&HCU8O-/Z%@9
CI#K)4B+3J-





M)!?@]MVAX;9=5?;NFUY+


MD;IBHU636KZV

MX&@I



-
MXQOT0%EA &\1AMOUEM:\C$YI;&,6?TG\N\$TW_0:CV]NE#2WI#TWG3-NP3S
MU)W2A_U4;4.[1CFQ7N(H6-!]!$6]KWA[.4RBA.19&14]O$B%D;3L#8
T]:'
MH43%(8E+$R

MH GM='W$&@










MEO6+-




M2466B3_Q*K?(FI)D*.XUQPKX0
S]Z!4;N
ZS\RQ?!Q?IBOX/_9/AI0K31GQ

M 4&10F;XZW

B!7
M69IC&G(BWSAY#/('[B:NG
R945 (V4Y_ 0V
B2X7;#SHA/*H)45A10O#N69!

DGNSFXPN*6PY80+K!Q)_:AN56

M[] QDX]'2\M 'U]@'%.]$6W@-=?:=WFCLZ+WSP64^@X-T0PD*03.TZPTIH
M&V7HU3D!

M\**B.D'%Z7 ]AJ/;


M!VMJN&'

CU;

M9N1HN\E2]G@)







MR4[$9O7MO*IS3 /^8I_'E-5IP-)F4'PTH#/.ZYV$%;A+Z\JPG9;1V-/:59B
M6/F(O2U!_[Q?&7X34+L/;DI%YJ.:'*EWI)G)Q]4';$OW;VC,($N/KC#U:E!



I52=

M@V5$3C?'0@$'.^0!!8P!EXDEVB1/[

M
BA





H



P
M8.HE55?+&D
Q3LO





H*$AC[7:X)M:B_)AOD<2S:78E)X;I%.T/%(A!TI^J=@
MO?DS6N'92E@U[SO7&+G+3H)-7 ;)31+GUW7


8XCG <)+;2T)8*\#(@EZ_<D+;OT7B?LBK[#-4&SWNWD
M]+KP6[.:F'AMC!O0$PXF6K,:9&3UN1B)#V[L$='RIN$-BMTRMM.!UE[!S4/


<;N?W%S
HVD(16U+Q1N*W:JQ

AJCHB\F/C5-HJ!ILP]SS)IEEY5:EL9R'Y![3_YXDJ4E
MT8A




MJ$IX$1I%]. LI4+(


M(:_;*Z
6ZHRN(NH9P4#11EKEVEUQP( BITB]%TH?+K.B. GR_(5LS^G-@&)P
M
J%?(BR;\[24[Z2T9$VW:@L

M9H%.!!K18L6D!EV@CG+:-N(5]$8**J&N; $NP$W$YF!=QRAU8#Y:%'' P'^V
E0U#_RP5J']F)-98CHW:V*OAG$@L-( 
DKON#(2SV7%% FH#J;?NN
ML$'\2
SE%59B%93X&K+ !9I03NYZ'EDZ#P9O%B#SCRQ3.#G#T$XQQ;&




MBE*I#GB*JL(L^1'&2K=SI;_S(

MY
8^+U$@5Q4;I:3,7?
M/=BE5-6-LRVDHH_FJD.-!U/6$IZM*T],431CSGAFM2+8G[O\)QN<VQ[ ;_
MK)]S5\EU_D[KZK_.]RWO4\V1@H(\PYH(W8I9#2+U]X\C^AZASG\[L$NBJIN







H?;?
M^^F




MO@7MW3NJJFQ89OZHTUGNI 


MVM][VEH%T7?LC=[FI(EN6L?39_BTY]#Z;)VIB;)/_EWO4]B#LMS3=+VRC37'
M*UQ0J\H$RQ7?/2Z
JNKK![ODZKMTMC58_FGO


?8]
S+L$1]4[B+^




M4;Q&

NNQI+^49AIVO=O#/;HEDG2?


M;EGA(G%_*E_

1R;8;2I#320
M@[M%PAK'D5C+LR_TG[*KKZ;

MHT7;UV0R=HZML?]#


MEKBX9T_TL/X.?Z&I]
K[Z#H6=Y?)S83O;H*KZ6&89C



M.*MLK$F#K\(O )S$\^@G#PU5QQI-A.B!LCM/\&=3X61+S

MQ



ML@[T+=
3&O'.RYCXMM35Y6^Q:#E@P=147!ZG&\+&-M1QW403NB1CF))]6ML

YY!U$JLCP-

3;TE!)#4EK+'5B2G:
MJD7# D;I\#C?5Q/^+CM?I[ J E:BD)W$E)8(Z.54^+GYSV.-N[J)S*WS=.X
MW.9XD49GOVWCC2*FH:%-2QZ0;DI0_Z#Q;B)42NRE!C 39Z1?Y
-^+:HTI*J
MPQ*

MXD48KJ[6;1P.!-0*O$I
L6LX9PU4ZE1+!&52&AH#Q-73DT:':?- Y0I8H5
MV_LBCN(@?Z$+


_+M


6MXYQKVFWHQ8#?.
MFK
I.024Y
[@8!TEV8FIX4%$[V@W+WKZC X#9-MQ!9Y&@=_BJG/6:WDY#\?
MX_N8K Y%D#;0UW*

N\R0
4&A_$JIC43![L#
MVA3Q%^)D2
'02U

01*VU(\U&J@@54N
/9YVB-WX,EKX *Z_^,N/'7@E
MS37E((J(: G%)6V'[J

]T$H$?7\H/K^T.<Z'QXTCGA'.-E.
!.F.A['&4H7/6T?
C



[_ONS95.+][HI'N0IJ48?8+
;A?1UO
M+A&0WYIH/]O]D'_?;XLXI4@)7\*$-$TL]S@G-:IE!0*;SRG9?R4XJLMYW50E








K6A
KB 33(6?J;/F1^3O<:O@DDU)( U(A+I1*-


TLC)JNVG&!FL


MV@RT80M0A]I.?/.IW!X?]H

44
M1P$+

M.-0WO
YP)K&\'.FE1@:5AZJ#CN-F4Z6=5&

MH

]BM02)N.$*FC_B6Y^M?29KV5;ZVT.P:U@
M]_LK2KWD=:BPS_R5+J
_]C-83+&H[<2]LFL0P:E77(#NO/6AX*2C_8<9\=-ZP1_=J]W*M:[C31I6+



UA&FJ-44GEEM$'W^?R2-TE?7W+
1#-%TE5=/67P)
_J4NVAQP6
G[)==
1###W[$T\K


MU.;74SW'%;Q1D*5*X%?$2+JJR(Q@/D=4^RO.C

MR




F*&C8B7X^5MP%/KU
FXR.-6$2+J@']G]==%]
.EC2T_3K*8%E^QOFI?;YQH$_+#Z<BK6PI
MRI#;OK!)]?.O:#YTCW*&PUHC_1

/4(8.P%SI#/#@'
8N#<9 8$13#.EKB 7,#$\D4A957;+<==?80'&0(KA$


M=BQ8[JFULQJYEYA RYJJ0GE-Q;_O
K.
O6VE\^%#M$\9I:ZK4B?YHMB_0LW.
MIC)V*P(-B
KV'
ZE7@;4L-GT]


MP!-R*5-=17
GBPCT#^)S;U]R[_3\*5LE4(?Y
=]&:;65M0(MBZD?(YYE=*2^

M'.BE$**D3 B7

9E8#U_?KJ^T3









@GHH&S
M

M\%G8Q P.QJ#S+6/XO%WLB#M;V[#WXC#V(6XBN)6 ='Q&XK@?ZN= $% S4M&Q

M$[/!3RT6]^Q$1 ^K
XW4X0)LM@E;.;:I-@U=J(6:_3N1838-7X URJ2S^@^[

N2:A

HW+4LS_EWQ3;-:TB(2K.2&\FL*)CB
M//??U;8ED7%J

M;4&G4Y&%O$6VE11M3G8S$HMVS]0 ;_-B0Y.J+GC9$UY:3]1?N\M$5H-C&.1@




C^\C]02P
$%
M  @ -41L4/S/99]

3DQ
C
Q7W!R92YX;6SM





!WUDWS LB
MHUEJAFA_RFO'7[%HX$_C8/[[.O 6?+_N_['E(F\T;?TP[4_=B=9W7O#)C+_E
M3JU
:Q2N'-_]


@Y9Q'FS

M)/8N/4SR/JU
ZD

.!+VE^YG-]:[JA[M3*QWIS3&[EBCWG#MH(-

VCQ'[8\N_TQ<*GOZF
M(FF/KN^?0N^WHO\?







MW;K-1CG=Q
$TVRTTYB%P+)C-HX5PQ!PKIIN5DU#\%G1[!KRX*N0O  K=NS


M;.*[J7O!O#!;3T0Y!:&.:^(WOZGFVGN


MK6;JO&E]R_)


%45--5/&%\CL(Q*
V+H=17)3V &'U/#R
U#U74\S$S/D%
MGN^L3C9/]3JJ[P$$YP=ZX*AY@'S(A#=\0:^4'G!*S4$7^_H85%+
B($TXWC

M@+DZULSS (@4VT&!('43EQ.
J5H%FTV0YMB9KCGET6@;)]G:N*PH%2QE/R@^





M-
W#Y!(&(9P&1.DMGR5Y+;N:LTO_@]\4Q=$RA%2=L)S
M!C%!$ W#8!NV9.POT3%0@=53,KM\!Q3&HIXX&YP^),M+9\;7;_SSWMN)M
M=Y=/0Z6'0WKC^8B8H&3"1K8Z?$QQ\RG4&# 4T^ZW8ET]W(LET I$:_%OTY


 Y1R1C3]&I)U #__D@%'0SL-@$RP.086

42DT_*
;6S!O'*I4@OM!8CY(3%_)6 N@*1=*:

T)?BW3]H8*@34K3B
A
.$
C:5\

MK%M]BDY0D$]AA6D,KAD*?;Z:V+H;L&T?74*VTL3X+IBTYFFO[9\;:*@ZZV
M
10I:U888VP4--


ZNF1^YSRQ-&'X?1
)[


M^D+AM&9L

M-ZW* &9(_#AAZIK%[CRG'A3BX]_#X^
O_J

M9F&27@EZ(93W[VY\O1F':!RSQ3FG&;)ZVW@=A.Z?A^6M0[/:#SL2OS4892RA
MU^2.LL0NET?[$#\EF$KLH(N9.HD?0HFV3ILW@G:14\2XGZ6C6YF1^#H
[8
M

MSMI+;9N8P8ZY$]_8]P1&H^6AJ'3];?T;U6W]
-!%L+S(#849-2ILU_N)Z:_F
MT@ZH!NYGYF]5O@Z'%L@W:@V_*W;J(F%4-K&(K_5L;JI=J] 
^Q)LQOE:&FFP
M_T


##=#V/O/9
M[!1*0$U3[-NI&3!26KN^/^X).[A2 &#

MM0!TQ;[KFL$
Y@6-K30I]
8BD0'LUGUV%_R*G

RR:))



MQ8;;S2
+1\N*2Z5^PS


M%+F);UGZO_HUT







BK8B=\*YRBB.O5ZEM+8Z-G
MN#H!RF5.DMZAD\


!4/
F/==[@0M W\* ZW@J[4D![CQZ[









0_5M

W:F'6Y_)Y[2PDFW]2O+2N)790$L:J
M5K#
U@.5_\PI#






!WWC;<RPB$AK7IKV3(


MX33*SFUH;_1(ON-Q








M
JFG
FZ-PC&_;F7_R#DI9


AH+#:


MA/8-
&V 8


'$ _*#3MVU+:W'FTC'GU2M^0B5]N I_%3OB2




RG#Q\_]B:_BK]-!Q^&@[O!36\XN^C=


5=^E6Y )3Q%'\0U*@%;A?&
B].UI_30/6Y4Y'6O

M8


M;$A.B6_*8GK?[TU1-:UTMOI=OMP.49^Z9WRG8OL4X.G
 !J5KA_RYEZ/1$F-
M@M&.OPAV:9AK
1U^&(UN
M?QG<WR?K<#<]88?!ER3PCRL:NE)]5830X'A
)BE8R$S!:Q1TW&05VDCG
MU

J/E?
M05PE3(9!7*^2\GHSG:%QYV$$ZX[O#V&.:FEU&C$*?RWF2S&\R8+]A4/G2^VB

H+(2+
MV:0WG/9NFMO0VG(

[('& V[G(*P[&TYAKP7\=)OO#





M?$OX.)@)[\0TNN-FE 3P]H?(T;L*RHS*CI@-@UEZ!3)3P((W'0=Y?3?N5Q=
MI1'K\%?O=/L8L3^V?+2^"R3+-F*L\?TX7K*KX\B^DK$]Z)&7Y5)@!1ED_5
M+357G!3D)BGO@KRD=)A4LAI:
=?*

M7&*79&8OH)-0U0O?7\








MWP
R !_!
QJ@B]O3:#EU3!Y%57V@$-(QQN@Y8
D*LT^7O
L
IP= ]--W@V)


VW




M:KU6LDCF*L=26+.OJH3L0:CV
\QR34

]$9%I:UI0Y^$NL5



86EUZ'JQQH5+-WD
M=]F?%KV-
)#^F8A YIIDI&*9#]?E^L;'44YEK:K+'*O6K&FQ8RLFLJY5/4YD
M*_EPR

M



I/8$
M?YOE:^0D9(8Z
YMFA36& V*[Y!PC!8UXA[]!2VI[JC;KBCNMK
(GA8W[7.I3

MI4ID1CN9&;)OGE

G7X^ $CI\K;-!


/U


M=/LS/+4.].0NL91P$A

MI;,%HP7EHMH5;X^\N4'4K[JE*HC=GBL 1A0DG# F'T*FH&1ZXA=Z+DM,J\


^#G\[);G[0CX_1

M.*EAE=TB.&BW4JE'8#86*N ?0V)#?%4M;8X588!C-_WVBTC46!M86HDJC=
M+
U'PO9F



MLW!.M9NIHDN7
)%302






\$#4/ R[:2OKR%$9\=?:DZF)W/\C<(XAP#_5YG[_%<'SG]@

.2$V
M/'9!6 R#

A\B;%
M%FB^88:\KJ

MS9&022N'BUS'D#JT%=)\PYA(:& 1LAK;EK2#\
?.?PFYSK9:2M6F0Z$ T$


-'6[N?U#W(H?CZ!&$\8^'FECW&ZOBKO?^
MK$=G8DAU1.-7:=A%3.KJ4_]0OC
.AOS..!M-J)29WH=^'F:IOR$J.U$(X+US
M?3=:LX6(Z8
$[Y;:(Y\K $QD ;RUA-
X;O9SG#B?/O*-('0=+TK2


-BBVZP.G*I(_UHI#5=O2\

_XC?KQ'E2EOB_NK57.]'/APVA@BQFATE'Z:R3:=]N



MCM\_LV'0++ MH=B
ZE-AF7@-[YR(P4=??2_49]?VD5*QQIJM+WU8&?GY17_O

M/W0#*TF7 V
2
)8(\]K:8+FNFU(0 0!M#0* #ZGKF:UW[*
MMP8X5&=/TOQ]66___D9C_[ZX_&(LX(I-YE#Y67@BU(M=U[P*2E04%.C!7!$
M-QP/^8ZJ-H\?29O5@V+_Y?KYI(3I+&3JOM@./'IPC)A X]3(JQ4[92.K'CCR

664$
Z+X#'X
MFHZ#;;D&P]N
0=U/!Z04:W&=$R%I(NAVS
(Y4Z6%



BU1=54=NI$ 34\R


M045Y*63Z@2Z;2C71
)XP$*JMD' 9\HO%+SU_T



5'IF[:.SGQG

)G?Y'/XR@E

I0E?]6]L)]YV]\OVJ@*3

M;.L

DVRCJ-9(I0U%;8_\[M+8
-W $ *Y%ERP/)G]_Q/3CW88W_D;0]MGD!
M+%5%WR,-_;:B%].9+6ZV41QL6#AA7L*H:.T^J3-V@'IB7^T;86' $TNHUO
M

_5F]43,.F6$2-"/
M$IS(A@L[J8V.@=VM8+Z4\E#Q)9;[]Y=-K)YYGNCZ2GV1*#*''P'GMS1_X9M
MA6^2XV=AAOQ(5SKR7)5M3[V;?SP
IH/98#1\TW\0CG&]X85PC^N)7QWKSZ-2


EQ!


[FU[KO'E)WY_YV'_@K41!:8L^V


MCWX1+Y**N-

[H)PXPS\I?B?9!F
M/3.AXW0],,V,7S0VY9JY1[O)3]@S\U4%VT&=J81]&:*CA5C&)OJXICD-@@V[
M5]9B,AB2IR4-8QK6=:1R'%-^L)O&I^I1V8Q;'*V9I^&Y9EI-!*%-'C=RD_8


GL#L&X1;NHU0RP0P#/V3=7U5S=K)US5!KB*IK4M41/0





N5 A/GO1QIRK/PN_)9.)K]

.F2Y
Q&F*1CI;I


MO[]15CRO;XJV-5085.2??
86=2*0Q_W$\5=


M%!K@QXQ4I*#

YE\E8TY-918TCT_YF%

MHJ:7D=?N/-VQ9TA\J/S69RGUT$8!I^$P[SSQ/\2*ZIQF8V;7  BT(3YM!8


CT;
MN./I^F%7J 7C!6. S1@W)Q(;:JKEL$5O(QRU)?N9HCWV70VVFVD)IK$JQ#H]
MG'$/OK

:9\WC)]K= $O;@B4$.KH8O&@MA%_?\1%^4AT]G'63M
MT8O_@65=33$-5(KKD=^3F?3


XQ0.5G]'


M6'M!:7.!M([1.73Q'+IX#EW4 6=702M


..UDM?:Q*^C999UEU_=1-$L:KF
MN[)79YZN(

J


&









?XHIJ(2/GR)%;;]8L^F32H<Q=V$1-Z:(0:2Z<J)JJ+A0!UIH&;



?)
3\YTZ




M-ZPRFL:F
PV#.
MV*ZX]Q)%E VY_YG%L[=BGD = 5VQ1OD/
+R(97L%VHMDE#$6@R%O:#03OG







A;CP[A^#+3W



M_U2KR-5SA2B$9KB9@&4O^5J;8-4CU/$[I^EML^$]TYZK54L0JV^:'2S_636M

M*4GS7P@:Y
V145 SN J&G!!+-4+7KN^H2X/F6Z#9_-2\J5H-:NBR9
/Y*?!7
M?P\4)09%JW(C-&N

06S%?G

NUI%FB8LYU7S&[X5;?O2!KTF5
M#N2S[N@((&TVJ[IN&EC1ZCI3\2:7P: QH\GY011 ^2-F*^^_=!S+&P*JYP\-


/H[[PVEO-A@-2537/
PT27.R)S&+*+\)HCA*T@@]YM+[05R\

-8ZG[6L+39!
M

.XI\K#:_B1V:9I5AE/2
#:6E$3-_K]+F1L
MX


MIO?
=AGYT2<;/:88H:2@B
M_X79WR(CBXZEM=+F)+#3RG5GO;0//6;4%Y'ULN





:'O64/NI784G]
MWQ

M:RRWY3Z!

VUBQ1J]%^26L(
M)BY=4/E_9A$GT';EWR89NY!\IJ^$D9&WK;^E_.205'R:^; &JAX!.*U0GT

!Q<<96W/S@7%65-B\T
M0.9LD6GU#-U-]4AG-8+EXBTDS2!4+Q[&6ZX+ZGA;;(*7I$'/VSIB\'@[$\KE


M?'3A9IN-# R!X


Y 9;K]KAR.QILKQ
8

M78FXQKX#

J83V@N:4'G+




AAAO9'+\0-1=6
 _)Y[@R785S8+8\?)_%XZ<PR#^E<43-@]6OKCYLQIBJ5^HL^C



OS[&7


M+UTGW'I&9D!Z+&Z#1X^'*5?3CY]NV6W?.1 *#I@UL+QYS_(!988O\![9O




M 0!C96QH+3(P
3DQ
C
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 

#$Y
3(S


M &-E;&@M
C Q.3$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #5$;%#\SV6?3%4
M _W!0 5                ?SK 0!C96QH+3(P
3DQ
C
Q7W!R92YX;6Q0

end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019








    



at:



    





    
    
    

    
12
990
044
8
739
877

    
3
167
853
2
817
477

    
(865
548
(74
653

    
15
292
349
11
482
701



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]






    






    





    
    
    

    
529
550
451
576

    
(396
661
(329
722

    
132
889
121
854



to $66
939 and $51
205 during year ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







The following is the future
estimated amortization expense related to customer relationships as of December 31
 2019:





    

    
562
000

    
562
000

    
562
000

    
562
000

    
562
000

    
11
240
000

    
14
050
000












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Inventories consist of the following
at:



    





    
    
    

    
12
990
044
8
739
877

    
3
167
853
2
817
477

    
(865
548
(74
653

    
15
292
349
11
482
701



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019








    



rented from a company affiliated with CD Financial
 LLC which is controlled by one of our shareholders Carl DeSantis. Currently
the lease expires on October 2020 with monthly rent of $12
826. The rental fee is commensurate with other properties available
in the market.


are discussed in notes 13 and 15.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019








    



 on December
18
 2018
 Rockstar
 Inc. (Rockstar) filed suit against Celsius in federal district court in the District of Nevada.
Rockstar's complaint alleged three claims for relief: (a) false advertising in violation of 15 USC &#167;1125(a); (b) violation
of the Nevada Deceptive Trade Practice Act; and (c) Nevada common law unfair competition. On January 16
 2020 the parties entered
into a non-monetary settlement of this litigation.


 2019
 Daniel Prescod
filed suit against Celsius in the Superior Court for the State of California
 County of Los Angeles (the Prescod Litigation).
Daniel Prescod asserts that the Company's use of citric acid in its products while simultaneously claiming no preservatives
violates California Consumer Legal Remedies Act
 California Business and Professions Code Section 17200
 et seq.
 and California
Business and Professions Code Section 17500
 et seq.
 because citric acid acts as a preservative. The Company does not use citric
acid as a preservative in its products
 but rather as a flavoring
 and therefore it believes that its no preservatives
claim is fair and not deceptive. The Company intends to contest the claims vigorously. Since this matter is still in its initial
stages
 the Company is unable to predict the outcome at this time.


 2020
 Evlution
Nutrition
 LLC filed suit against Celsius in federal court for the Southern District of Florida
 for trademark infringement (the
Evlution Litigation). Evlution asserts that Celsius' BCAA dietary supplement product's use of BCAA +
ENERGY infringes upon Evlution's registered trademarks. The Company believes that Evlution's trademarks are invalid
merely descriptive
 and unenforceable and Celsius has filed a cancellation proceeding regarding those trademarks with the Trademark
Trial and Appeal Board of the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The Company intends to defend against Evlution's
claims vigorously. Since this matter is still in its initial stages
 the Company is unable to predict the outcome at this time.


from time to time
 we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course
of our business.


distribution agreements with liquidated damages in case the Company cancels the distribution agreements without cause. Cause has
been defined in various ways. It is management's belief that no such agreement has created any liability as of December 31
2019.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018









Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 authorized

500
000


500
000



Preferred stock
 issued






Preferred stock
 outstanding






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 issued

941
311


002
508



Common stock
 outstanding

941
311


002
508

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











971
260


206
648)












939


162





474









048







600





831
750


293
797





393







985







461
037)














432
980)


604
738)





239
254)


177
196)





571)


118
930)





624
892


533
388







916)





943







806)


013





033
988


646
420)












974)


417)





188
056)







266
030)


417)












486)





Proceeds from notes payable-related-party
 net

500
000


000
000





955
437







083


013





653
034


301
013





491)


381)





347
501


443
443)





743
181


186
624





090
682


743
181












528


409







000



















233
332














314
146







688







185







748
019)














300
468







161
067







240
375







173
000







024
000







233
332







041)







356
958)







088)

































































































































































































































































































































































































Proceeds from notes payable-related-party
 net.








































































































































































































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7(c)
9(a))


















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.












































































































































































Amount of assets
 classified as other
 acquired in a noncash or part noncash acquisition.




























Amount of liabilities
 classified as other
 assumed in acquiring a business or in consideration for an asset received in a noncash or part noncash acquisition.



















































































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















































800
000











400


000









548


653





024
000




023
806





Goodwill
 description
















900
000


800
000









000


000









500


400




















000
000











300
000


500
000









409
431)


380
691)









033
988


646
420)







955
437











559













971
260


206
648)

























Shares
 Issued | shares



986
110











749
996











585
000






























































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.
















































































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.

























































Primarily represents commissions incurred in the period based upon the sale by commissioned employees or third parties of the entity's goods or services
 and fees for sales assistance or product enhancements performed by third parties (such as a distributor or value added reseller).




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.




























Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







The difference between the effective
income tax rate and the applicable statutory federal income tax rate is summarized as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    


 including stock-based compensation
    
    


 including effect of change in tax rates
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




At December 31
 2019 and 2019
 the Company's
deferred tax assets were as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(19
000
(2
000

    
(19
000
(2
000




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
8
400
000
12
082
000

    
7
900
000
3
123
000

    
169
000
63
000

    
16
469
000
15
268
000

    
16
450
000
15
266
000

    
(16
450
000
(15
266
000

    
    
    



































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.

































































// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Oct. 25
 2019
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018






634
279









938


















634
279







400
000









000


















 2020.











000









250









250





Bonds payable
 description



 mandatory prepayments would be required in the event of either i) a capital raise consummated by the Company or ii) the sale of a certain product line of Func Food. To the fullest extent possible
 the net proceeds derived from either event must first be applied towards prepayment of the bonds at 103%.













































































































































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















023
806





050
000




















123
000















050
000



































Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Carrying amount of finite-lived intangible assets
 indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill. Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Intangible assets are assets
 not including financial assets
 lacking physical substance.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











159
900


825
446





132
747


019
765





292
647


845
211







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( #5$;% ?(\\#P    !



0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+



ML)+2

MBP-%J

621A'^_1S80RY8-[9)-NIL\!SI^\Y%1^?H.'GS

!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS



!Q.D
!& IL(
MY/\*V4C(/$(R;

M2JY]F!&Q'1!TAB 3(K&Q)P&*6PIH-./ H\0P3XB=A1X4M@Z!Z9H[

M&4K/'#V;T0OOB!B@0ODJ$ .Z$M/ )*7*! !0I )WZ6$4@@S0M48@'Y7IZW



X]A0BJXS0ET

M9;KP51#

J&YY .]/25T$L'S +P3U/H*
9N&.(ZT
JN.T)-#4CWE_(B
D=
MIAUJ=$E928LTH(7[GT!W



M?!K4XFCZUX5]5T-'.@R
[


V$(5?Q?#]

1
;*UNNI
3;MR\E*X8]
PSV)I:4
\
SHO1Q
MQ

ML=J








KPEI2FF LZ SIM8Q6S=EJ


3K5+7$+^U(P
1.! =!;2@


M^$WZ4'/K18J!/XVA$P&F8(@4)]#1_;:KEYP&(,@1 ]!3'B
'FPNE89^1
M7&:]4AE.H
P_Y/SS%

/5!F*W)N

M;!/^4;4ONT



BUIM00N( R


<OJL[S?XZ[


8'R' 'D+L/K3 #4$J%L V$\#]!@?P1T%9)^*EUO


DG4OD2
)





ME920(#!&!U$Z
H9# *&*.#Z&=^J.HS/SQI:,MAJF[
MQ%-/<M0C+:;4L\)9\-[@:5&E$<((ZZ=@P]-/,O3#G7YA19C8DB+2:DB5PL_C
M#:/\W+OH+R_R@-+

2'0=\

M[4V6#FGNA&A(B
:$

MK'30]

&P  &    'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='





M)N
P]HQ)0D[.B0$V
= UH*
&'$K







M9%ZO@=%K38I6*L.A[D_16LH^A
I E4'V=R'#LL98LIYN@
;&!
MXP2CQKAHFC$@C)D#+=E#B8P+JP5084^--

MI% I4P$^'1 &X(T%&&/1Y!!VU0WZI%%?:9
&9DC


E ?#N =PQ A=RP+A'


M




&0
BIMMCHB-QZNF&H3 )

?D/$@&C:


$%     @ -41L4'$VY$D;


948\I)342@#
&XR)4GU6*:6H#3('%J-2DOB#B3?*4ND3+8




IZ!$%Y0:1!Q2
9?FO



]=/Y/C48+YUW3


M&;]F3KJ4#



BS]02P
$%     @ -41L4&Q#HU&U 0  T@
  !@   !X



G'1.&8#+







V

I
4/)4OPGN(+\* $<U1&N;B2


MPZ[0X0??E/XC_S9+D$6;+_EK@7\Z=*MNFI!MO&:7*D
F


MK=^X_ E02P
$%     @ -41L4*6_2]VT 0  T@

M[.9



MJN,K8AW7KSUWFO)DS1GUTTQ)SF&+Z)2=8(YMG7%'POQ8G_!^?[\'1781KA

O




%4SS4E4_%?X0(*PX





M970Q

M'(QO54Z3D! H*%U0$'Z[P#TH%81\&G]F3;J$#



M;PKLH\#^PQ(W
/QMD6S54PVFB=-D28E#%R=YY5T&]H['-_D/GZ;]AS-[PY
MH_

M   ( #5$;%!=T_O




@BP39


M
#1MPUQO0501
MI!7CN]T-TT)VM



KU5.=T$0


5_@PLH# ]*
$=IE(LK*0?GC9Y94(H6K]
NN[B/TTV:S+!M




MW 0_17$!P0OWK3;E6TIFZIJI59:I6KZS-KCBP*,WB=_GT!.Z[;6'D!9IAS
MYLPP9.:)]L./*LI+8Y;9WKCXS9L@4E[ WVH/U-C48)YTW3

Z;B/T\UM.L.V 7P&
M\ 5PB'G8E@J_RB<*#*#(S%3[WL1GGAWY+XW97#&5L0[+]YZ[[7@_)Q:R:

(WP]!^%'[8)]IL$^TBP?[/$C9@T


MY
:/4.L_V&)(J%TXOO=G

$%     @ -41L4%CB
M4+:S 0  T@



_
M6;38PE))#9V3IB

++/V40S3''


M4PVVB=/D2&F&+D[RRKL
[ V/;_(:/DW[=V$;V3ER-AY?-O:_-L8#2ME=X0BU
M^


MMK!4



S@2


O97?C1ZCU'VPQ



Z=DR=#;*^U
*]'4#AD=$O?'$^R;EQPL#SM1 W?P?WH3L9;;&8II8;6



%)5_

KXIT7;[WWDO/D)F670#3%'

ML\\I^%J*(_\ Y^OP9%5A$N')/PKWZP2[58)=)-C]M\2UF
_ODK!%3S68.DZ3





+P



79SD



YYPY
Q[GHW7/O@

!4V(Q[=X=M.834:P
M_?R#V/*-RU]02P
$%     @ -41L4 2/FONU 0  T@


#549OMX=C$N)C
MP.\6!KLXDU#)&?$Y&-_*C&Z()!0N, @_':!.Y R$'D9+Q,GG5,&X/+\QOXU
MUNYK.0L+=RB?VM(U&=U34D(E>ND>



MS=\X_PM02P
$%     @ -41L4
&K03.U 0  T@
]R?&7-F%N[.


M




M]/V:?DBV!=)-@30*I&^6N($Y_%\D6_54@VWB-#E2FJ&+D[SR+@-[S^.;_(-/

M+W-H965T


MU
8JX=&T#7.]!5%%DI*
[W9?F!*=ID46?2=;9&;PLM-PLL0-2@G[YPC2C#E-
MZ(?CN6M:'QRLR'K1P OX'_W)HL46E:I3H%UG-+%0Y_0N.1S3@(^ GQV
;G4F
MH9*S


G!XZ]*8
S




F-
]?7
\

CAC*^(=
MBG?HO1;\D&;L&HCFF-

MW21((T'ZWQ*W8F[_2L)6/=5@FSA-CI1FZ.(DK[S+P-[S^;OX=.T?Q6VD9TC
M%^/Q96/_:V,\H)3=#8Y0BQ]L,134/AP_X-E.8S89WO3S#V++-RY^ U!+ P04
M      U1&Q0/.V





]5Q3



MX



@+7YU?V=ZEVK.4B/#Q:]4W6H2OH/24U









@20?;?$K=B
M;O]*PE8]U6#;-$V.5#B8-

M+2KR@




6ZKX

M:%C
4(KTXW+-2GL]-_S7

M-YNZT[X*^\P









M2P
$%     @ -41L4




 ]

.]9+^[
MRK0Y3C&JH*8#

VDL\J-A5./Z:Q



ML L*[+S [I\2;Z]*#&'V89









M+

GPLG75
&X/;\



MKJ0:G3=Z84$I6KS

-=



BYX;6QM4]MNG# 0_17+'Q OE[31IRB:)6:J55

5?W
MH+B[
0-HO&F-5=RC:3OF!@N\B20E67HX?&*TVK(OK.MBK


Q.WY3?TI



P^9 
?-'[GE56#
1._=^X.&)
MDV.*O:F#
[8BWF'R#KW7*DNR@EV#T((YS9AT@TE6!$/U-42Z%^*4_D=/]^G9


S


6@_+


0Z; L7

M.?:F#





M!]E#9[]44@EF;*AJHGL%K/0DP0F-HB



MVUZN3


0IAW.CD&38X!@?W&)(0Y

K?M-I(YKQI


MI2EQ$A( ;4+LQO5W@ (8*03^/7HHG7D(&X/;^I?XJU^UHNS
*#%C]YX_H2

5]
MFF_R=*'M$^AHOA$..0.5#
_)$Y5A5&3\C


MT44[_[*Q_ZW6#GPJR8T?H=Y_L-40T+IP_.#/9AZSV7!Z6'X06;]Q]0=02P
$
M%     @ -41L4%#@A\JV 0  T@

M=+ R[T4+WR'\Z





'F/

M;
SVX:L\D(MI]_$%N^<?D74$L#!!0

W
M+GAM;'54ZVZ;

M
N\/MH^_RSFV#_FH]*OI QZ$UR: G?6]D=3-6!H.9.]2#=3J.TH-8M=4M
MKX'6@20X23:;/1&425SF(7;69:X&RYF$LT9F$(+JWR?@:BSP%K\'7EC;61\@

M1J1GLZ^I_Z*M\?$G4WE@^$HPIY+WKCH

_[8!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E='










K#W-+[)
M/_@T[2_


M971S+W-H965T


M
:=[^NYXEDWK@X
562\:^ [^1W^V:+%%I9(:.B=-1RS4.;W?'T]IP$? 3PFC

MA(

5_A2LHA(=

$9IE(LK*0?GC9Y5
M
!4MWJ9==G$?IYO;9*9M$_A
X OA$..P*5#


ME
$96Q'O
'F'WFN1I#QCUR T8TX3AJ\P^P7!4'T)P;=G/A_=+Y-3S8S3(]
M6=.3P[9 NBF01H'TGQ*3#R5N8=(/0=BJIQIL$Z?)D=(






+549OM_M#$O 1\*N%P2W.
M)%1R

PD@75U+TSALUJ6 J
)&GU@S$CKWO1'CB[9YC;XK@
MC*V(=YB\0^\YWR67*3L'H0ES&#%\@=G.(;J<PB^%N+ _Z'S=?IN-<-=I.^6


MT_Y#V+K5CIR

\8I;YPA!K\8+

M?P=02P

RX;N(78(9SSEP8LA'-LVT!''G1JK
Y;9WKCXS9L@4M[ WVT/F;


MR[3++N[C=

0Z; L7










%'H Q*V3*^#-KXL72$M?SJ_J3




?%@DL!ODGA-$H]

$%     @


IYS=*\G+D'I8X3SRLW!Y'%Y8
\BES/[&21Q4I_

@:(DEM<+I[0(K&Q'TK,#@)IB)#VXV$6" !($
MAH#=$(PPP0@2C*P, T[
MH8%G8PJX\Q-XF$


-+C03) 
@2R- .@H'O$


!4 LBCJZ

MPR:F]B4+9$

NX@4 
=[S.XQA#S-TR4;=
M=0(\\XZWE4SD(EB;QJMTMG(4ZZJ'[17HVTSMS]7&=\J9L\ L8?F3]9
A_



!#^*XCO#3YL
M7APED1JB:9

 
GZ?[];$








#=S.
MQMT!$*!).A-3Y*0463%A.F

MEEB.
$D)-?G8IDCLII(ZJ:1VS
B\Q]2..4%)F


'I1/: %F
MFAVH.[0(9RH0GWF'D*;#Y@7/X ^XV.C/N+C;DA@=R2 F:\7WT)[)[D2#&Q
MBC1&20R41F98-C)*$(QG?G P-V6(/H\TULGR&P) ^@==P(IQI2:W&WD)]S-



TO!]54N3:?S3%JSXW
]UU0


M:G'.C_*;U-_/CXWYBFY9]D4EZ[90==#(PS*\A[L'DMB #O&CD-=V]![8KCPI

9';^'I.&-TP:.WU^R?^@Z;SKSE+=R

O;
M][TKYC;7^6K1J&O0]//AG-MI!W?


M3A+
]#9!$R1=@F22@#@]Z3&\P]0=AI LMG\X$T.9&



M'P?TM9D


:+)7?\#:$Q&$_ U(3B6DGE)
^8)_@S*FL)OG$8^8K K]

H$F-X]?&'3=+0-P2P.7R

M2%V'!=\[(:9F

:<I.8\]'N-SU,X59)$*N$
MF15.<&LC\/9##L'-B!F!
YNN!E TUTDXP S$XS@AD0P0_(.D-0?\RQ-A! S
S,?W#]L]U)
MLXL&EF-9\T:5H@DD/ZW#)_X!2[!(7Z5_*9&Z\!:V0OQ8C=?C^LPMHIXQ0_:
M4C#SN/(MKRK+9'3\Z4G#H:9-'*_?V#\[\\;
GBF^%=7O\JB+=9B$P9&?V*72




HL







Z/Y;W %

YC.8/(T

@7WBRF'16:K8.]
\ME#F%




M8:5UMT9('2MHF'H2';1FY2QDP[0)Y06I3@([N:*&(QQ%*6I8W89EX7)[61;B

[U.(=X&<-=S69!];)08A7&WP];<+(@(.1VT9F!ENL /.+9&1
M\7O@#
F8?XK_JDJTV8A\$)SNS*];.X?X'!3Q(&@_EO
M< -NX%:)Z7$47+EO<+PJ+9J!Q4AIV%L_UJT;[_T*P4.9OP /!7@LB.E_\A0
M0&8%J%?FK'YBFI6%%/= ]H?5





M#W#0R)REY/K/ P@UE3C%[XWG_M19WR!5



MC]SRJM!J0GK^62/W=R+=

0\SAJXP]%_$
M_B

M-411*[72*E7;:R\



G]!M!1$:P%)_EL0+P7Q
MK@ [
MOJ(U6TS 6? ^'^K(F:.T&.L3[
VB3MV=DUW:W4V5N9Q&F.;\9HT3PX


MTB9%G=9]=L@EH!K

0KG^3.QP^BQ=A
MNOI\B%B)Y.BR:1(
LDJ&0R3XB89:I(A MG*9
3$BXKCE$1^@/ML4)\-XK/!

CMK?</
L4%R%98UE4*@UY'9Y5:Y[]\:

M'@/P4
L@9#+_0B3)
\YZAP_-[XC^'Z

MF-V P1/
.\)3[*
$AB1V^8\#%
L )S7!FX /!B8(0(+ $*P^$ 0P00@2

QT $\$:
:@1 QKQ3&/ A'?6DH Z



^Q9 %YP:R

M4EW1YB(]
2:IRL9_4 67:E0:-S4]2;V
U9H/\\*PD:RSLY W#F3Y?U!+ P04

#DX#6QM1VPO;OZPM+

M*9- =362
WP']6


M:?-29Z]UDFTJ=#5$
V;O




M^\Q.GO0;J('W7GY^@24#@IL\WU7KAIX@+%QWE0HF5:UW\!4$L#!!0    (

M53&P
_DI-2+=[XW



$N2K![3Y#3FQICF ]$


L

M='

M5
 9D*;[]S




M-U50Z]TR_ !W:\XZA][B5Z[/S=4XZ$IY-.:IFWS9+D/69:0+O6F[$)E]/.NU
M+HHNDLWCSQ@TO&!VCM?CU^B?^N)M

R5&&PU;OL5+3?S?FS
M'@N283!6_U4_Z\*:=YE8C(TIFOXWV)R:UI1C%)M*F;T
S[SJG^?A#8]'-]H!


NC\%W'&[F9MNL=^[_IVM

M?0!Q'4Q21F#3=S;5+U-G' I!8TC2!Q!X, $9[15SB0

]GT

P/ )3#R#21&0.XXG(7$2 D=


REX3H6(Z%6 T@QF13#*E
)ME8X]0

M D
N7!M#JP+XR +








M+GAM;&U3VV[;






M20N=.*OP8L?/

ZEO
MM]N272+1A-EG#%]B-GS&,.2?F_K37@B*!8$G!?78JK!$4BN/U/Y<,'E1ES
MES F-]D\%)OMASYLL9GX\+X)=Y+&DZ,-N.2TBL[: $BYNL';[/&MSX&+D3W


M-E(.!X1$V4!'Q!
;H%



M:[K+EIJXGK^I?S2UJUK.1$#!Z


39AHM9$?X-UNO_%C@6%_%X5V.Y'53F3I



M2P






M





M;(594\D+-7LO@C3.T%T;S9K3I


) XG6CE/;D.W?UY=LE@4CP0/VC&?.F3.))^4@Y*MJ '3TQEFG

,Z(3;!1;RT,*BS?62E;(5XM<;WW3+&MB)@4&L+0<UR@B=@S*9
M.OZ.H/'$:1//]^_H7YUX(V9+%3P)]J?=Z689S^-H!WMZ9/I9#-]@%)3'T:C^



86+Z;Q(C$DZ
MQT68*0\RY5=
R6)QP91?
V4XQ^879BJ3$5 4W;!%(K)PR2S(,DL 'C'_
@

&ULC99M
M;YLP$

M[NYW/G-_O+CH]K4[*&6BM[IJNF5\

M=#21@TDSF '+-XB.@K@'$@ .:;015Z2


!
C1 AJ0JG%0S+U5@A' 9*'Z.
]N#WO0!/XIC_2A#;^RR PAL?L


M-[#






M?J=#M&HBLO71&Q/).D&\2A!;@G@N8$;@;#A


397C'I

M6FFC7Z
IH% K


!#\











M$&X


]M=V^+II\8^F





M&*7)NB.ZZH@N'=%9HWV/89-&*8Y)2M.9H24NBW6)O\X(K9JBT
89+
#+'E








DA4N-A]=3=B61+[

GQQ0E-





M+C

VGNO]63$]KS(*_I:.\V^++/ZWP
M


X$% T20D4(;R5$BA#=



MPLN7



ZUB)A#&TB%A&P$Y2V$EZM7OG




MFS 4Q5\%\0 %7V
@51)I_3-MTB95G;9]IHG3H +.@#;=V\^ FP7[@)(/3:#G
MWG
O]OTE7AY5_=+LI6R]][*HFI6_;]O#=1 TF[TLL^9*'62E_[-3=9FU^K)^
M#II#+;-M'U06 85A')197OGK97_OH5XOU6M;Y)5\J+WFM2RS^N^-+-1QY3/_

MRV-S]MGK6GE2ZJ6[^+I=^6%7D2SDINU29/KM3=[*HN@RZ3K^F*3^R;
+//_\
MD?USW[QNYBEKY*TJ?N?;=K_R4]_;REWV6K2/ZOA%FH:$[YGNO\DW66AY5XGV


M8,!C81K)+AE)!PC'O8O;!1#HQ@8I991[P/IXB?-3[R2:!/ GRL#7N#-
*J


[BH(Y\F0F%T&S 8&X)!
#!O#8\_ O#K$-*+12B8I



M!!! @$
V(SKWFELF3 HI'# 1NYOB#AE9NRPIP@Q(F)N23



QE]5$JE)
M-&W2)E6=UOTF4FLVL8#DG1O/\NY^+KJOD1 S[WGL

/V6_8O;O)F
CNF^$94O\N#/B_#/ P._
@NE7X2
MMZ^\GU 2!OWLO_


MU+B_MX/.;/?.V*/
Z'659

M)#R)/!F;*8:\1VRG#JC(@;-B%T\':O V%/185*':1PF3V-*?-.VTUPTA;50
M4 N=:LDC3TN'249::%3$.4R3@#0)0#/C60HF2#_A6?I)SZ:YYCS+0T9
!EO









&*.N0&8Q

0F=



0)( BQYF_\),\$W(FJEPJ
*!BC5U-]Q5$9Q2$6
A 84$
M$/(


IZ[)!<EM'89FR.
^BOU+
M70




M;XAP
6'HZ.!T23BK@W'/GLQPQ6%NQ0'G1[?B\(SHHXSOI(HK#@


M6^#.N?Y(B*TZD

O78'RI[P)@D! Y0(#\\<5'D&(0.1E_)XX


S9RSD

ZZ!Y*<NL_K55A;ZN0PC_7/B4/Y_;

M0WG2^GMW\OZX#DG'2!7JT'8I
O/SJG:J*+I



%S8L4/9V!
WV31+S-$T]

@B'-X&UO<$2CB/8:[*G;'<0)BYE/HKAS
M4
0Y[#784[=#
/UQ3'W]


B
M.@GTX)(X(_%LEA%.FS8LQ?;R;(09\V:%G8R4&?.J?R[ 2;Z=1B%[X&7YE1K

DN3@EPLT8C9#)CXA--&+8IQ(Q5F(3WZ7'MP6V
M]XCT/Q42U$3B\I
;$RE.D*($J2-(;PCFWBE@F
PS@F%R7


M3CW].;9=R(MO3*\?6O

M!D=MI[F9RZ%##PLMNO'Q(=
+6/X#4$L#!!0    ( #5$;%!SXG'590(  *0(



KJJN(($2CFI5-



8-(B=

T!4A3 #291U
 - G$ PA30O-9)(S@A08!



4^^* 4R61FD33


MQ

^AH

@!)\
M&2W3WTZLI+0&^9:^K-?A9?F4

@/E8'7Q%HB*08TP5?$RC[
MA+2XB^DM-J:N/8%?4Q:W)\6\YRB+@#B
U


!MO
ZTB(@'HW4P9T(B!/YR(8 N

M[B_ -B9'5!?DE DN3J.YJ/;VI%][&WDLE#FO7?1VMXD'
*?90?]*WS*:.\%'
\;?1$FI=-Z;NA5KMY2R6R$D
MBI(V1+RPCK;JR9'QADAUY<D.D[)P3@U-?(QCE%#JM;-4F/;\2QE9UE7+=UQ

*E766BCN3OS3&4KE/62Q8M%BBZ::
1L



$?3-T;V#U!+ P04
M  U1&Q0_B-6<D$#  #;#0  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M;6R-EUUOFS 4AO\*XGZ ;3Y
E41J
DV;M$G5IFW7-'$25
 
G*3[][/!96 ?

J:-7W)&Z]CQ[7_B!YVF*B






M QL;@IS-^L)SJQ+-[1FV50OJY?$&=C\






J^)WOM/'=;@(@YW<9^=/ZK+%^DFE(2!F_TW^2(+(V]'8G)L5='8WV![


:TOFY1H%;VT@9SFKM-03\.NBLA$OZ8@E.*.1MU3



*!L/IT=ANECZ01ZG&BR

!XIA!CMZ6


O5):FK'$
M
S/GH\QVUX=[G5[FYK[NCNSZ1ZT.KGSJ.AZ*+;Y!U!+ P04      U1&Q0


MFS 0_2N('QPC0VIDDAKDC:3-JG:M.TS39P$%3 #)^G^_0RX#.R#)1\-N_N

L[B:B8+GZLM1E%DL5;





M0&0N)P@3P20
)&&  V/M;Y@U@YC0\1D
0:+0)J(C#B+0000X


\ #E
;M[-QA$X4'/)A4?2!H0A
MQ?







QK6?99

128CEK.=
A14ORYL




MF
&
M283



'&WO()T=


M -?RC.HI:HUK9(TDLH]OA/W T1$MH4H0;(DM4Q/_X]2Z[(!$E5E7OF3OB#


=A
M685T$K8BG+N#.;\YU8:@)96L+W4#NRVF&+S\5_RNG4XJ[S*9JOB<X[KD+6U





0[[BTKI-*\8KOHWJT$9M6IZK_'.Y^(PL=P'


LO7J 9C$W_-Y%/X]KTKY
M?8&WQIR9@;YOPFP5 KO




\YUY?E?



MKT&FI0

%/N85;_FI%'(N\]I*5_FJO2/3E_+):DA9(T?8*'XZ2UT$W[=Y(
M

2[JGR4C\*2^6]$7JX?]D^XH0.'49-:D\.*%+RPL(=+6PALE8_4JRVC5+]#

MFA=O35G#OY:/\#@00+;




2-QVH




F

&6






MT7)GPA



_6$.[6%M=KX'[G 

M_IM/U^&'Z?3RS4&W076T-_A-:B[!:C8J*B? -\I:N\WLR]NIHM..BGH$R
M ;U,;\OU2CY!O0&7.$%6#&,5'$9R,2/FL7N  YA16*K_O#F55'_:I';&GDF

0U6AM(BJH%'V?_URQ[
MRF8%B@?/#\4

]Q&/4X89G KCPQ
\-=N

MD:P7\^ 6%G6.MPVZUC
2%_)YU^ 1A;9\0%-PR1KS#





0 \RE?A=0A]A9

!]TQ
M_#U=+(2\
:8?P]&PF\#W[$F

I#J$QV&R8(
YS@N

1



G\L*[D1284X
1NY13D(C


1 Q$N6R%$=1*+HO2H6%_5;S$#KX]HL'U@HY93=T

6V

DDB&1C8):

+C5@C)C@/B
EJ1P7N5T

I7
MZVI9!]@[?N9##0. 00]AB8 QWC_PB0;*Q9$I[:'42@7PJ^P1R)_Z!*K I876
MR&S&L9E$A;X8)AQ23AI



MWW=!(SI)V5U1+H[3*$[3H!F$J7V\.GN@#M/^..I/TK 3[!P\&2;I)!J



^7.
J +RNZPTBH0$K+
M%C
*B:
&J7WD )84)X6M 3O%;I^6$&B=GLXMJ3/OX*I4%L2HK)(
)70$ET
MKP?ELB%09L;]N89KXCLTOE0535(
X7/.!C4]++QZX
+.5$(N6H'5GA W6L+R



6





Q1PDWC))C611:.^ST22_M1
@):'PPEF7B22^:]/LA
MRH7)N$]* *_&'J:'QOUA-.BC,#I(HF$OQ9,AVQ&LOCTOLJ9=FS1JN'BR$F&
MGW-00R8


JG0:8!YX3-931@2) )[ M=85Z@- YL3!4#7
MIBL/: _=/$=^0D*A

G\0B:+^8YDA.A-LYB#(W
Z@1)I,D2OL3_!!'_7$2C7H.
M$-?EU<GE]/0X//F/RY/S:U@-C-VZN/G3R55X].GJZ@1#MJZO3VZ<-9=!\=&


_MNS?LAHVVP@:VE'




&E?L

%E)\?FXZE&!(@[=RY5LH] G?WALH&J00



M^G@8QFF4#-*H-TEIW=:YR2HBP1+^DC.C0I\+C)=[%Y8&..IIAZR2C1 PO-5
M%'N1I!.@$7X1_MMZF2L$XLB
[#;!5$_0NFH&W)S:)=]G]]6TC [
M]#@BM7?F6KBSZO 3._[PC4XO??16RD^'$3K:X\D_T$)1SYM_9!(Z9$GJLL
M<Q( \%YKMXI[SIHH]B_NOATP+H+!XDV
K+$D1&R04A(W^Q)AGV@A^M(Z/R4


5E_S7EO&.(LEQ&C
M2.I2&H$P1B_@A5
#(-&?TJ1_XV?X]X*B_=&D)Z)&!-%@[H=L36*/$##)BBSN

#
MFP[3H+80*(QTH;+A6;4?U%=L)/+TYB(&CN*9R6
J()P(^H\C)3(5_
7G7X29




M28:



D+7.+@

*P*- E[[2-I-!$B%OFL4'0FH9.0RUF0
M4

XC'N-6UB0@Y=&
VO#(M@0[;S

D@'6]/B(@C0P?7E6:LMHV'3-;1)7RM?9*=\%
MOZA? QWE+/!E@C


MEG8@FJ85.=#10)KULX.D:6]6N2/$P3%:[T5#ZM%^H$RVO.GU+TSF4N
CW!



MCC[
)TE&(=!U-)P

2P/XEZ






M )BP

0\7T
M[AC%LNU85?#8I'=EBI)L
H_9X]/(L8\T*%39%G([UDTN\
RH71$

M
A3DZ0\R(?3ZZ/.N <,PW:+
MJH0T3FF0[D+[TFL!-8:*4N@1;B@_%G8YX#V68H:?'%J0UP#X%2?XCU%R&L
M-D:WQ#RU7,-L)C<Y'!HTNH'YC<UV$J)[@EB)8-A8-67#)&=8.+?.+BVF('#


$&5?$.(8Z#CRI[D


 !WS%XCWJ)I:CYMBU_J,99MF@WK
MB!''.8'57@S!3:]80 R.W3(4#VW)CICR)D]!D9C[!UB @BQ5.T: _SP:@JU
MGB)EQUT=*RM@)VN
!#174!UN] _1





&!!=D*[&47EJ&]OBKHC@
Q

6K.

(+0('#45G?H]V6!%TMI+Q5:@!KW0P


MZC1-M[.F_[F

;Y.W)









G'%D78X:S8L


M):



M![0Y%_










MPH7&1?6WAC06D*=40-

JR06V11AFM% (E%\)\QT.BZ%
M[&?/7%9J8P1 $(][WBFBN8K4K3UX0AYR.RW$_$6*#4]&4VJC:!Q*6VX:.27/
M2\?IEI' $RTC
7[9



#

[3Z^/
MPOZHUTEZ'7P9Q7UVPYMUX[AB*


S0JWMFI6ZQ2+
M-A*V2GR=Z[$+$E0X]7&OKTRE?FIO2O:X^I[1?B/I/FR3[H-O*=TW(V7-^8B=
M\KB& ZR%$T?Q

NIT





MN+DQ0KLZ+&;)@BZ

(B@@R3?;/MPO#[S;%&8H2C[M

H_ZP%[7)Q'29


_\-7



M?(D

!

M;X
3%:*E5KM'*\;_]]73DL0R:1!+




2\;1%4 ^VW;!C1.
.IVQZ+RH#H2%<<BDE\A!IR.*;MF+#5@2-
W=
MZO!:26P:.). .JF\)5D#53D7=8(Q;'_PE@6Z[?.GT1&L YGY!'9G


;_JF$5_^
_WL@P$?_;.+1SK.A+%YN?QN)9;=,Y&D.[:G
M$6R=AAYGZU0NW/#SEJ(ZSP_ #5\ZY;.HK8?\(C!#ZSQHA198X8V(,I.A3SBK
MMJ51LR!!S0TW8D@PD13+O[('2N

8I^KO,WA) W?*EF ^PG,
M!^Z[K_M2J$&'UHOA1N @'E5QK;%3R3O5^6J6+B'=L6%+F5\Q%UC\4A-TZX?
GUR'(*HB(@ZA/'J/(<M)!:+D5
ZK2JL-$M


MBOL'4;(F7XD4NIK


O6/4!G6OK)7N
C.09F^9M


SK7@DE$T&_)7) ;<&[21&A_;]$^%
MCD(B;/]UHPQV&V5HCS*U1]E'S6+S


(K\]^/-


M24(PJ?+*!I:XS0F@&]M2+3\%)&_*@CA^*Z+D0OA^[4NJ71\D6BRF-J8W20
MJ3TF@!3

!/-OKC_!US
U6
MFXN(Y*CQ;-P8&9%J]B(@YP.SXGBDY=;
S7C4]8=3G^5B79-/TTR ;99:](TM
M4(455\\E\RQ8V XYXGHI\8*)N+*0-Z.L;T4^ZR&H[BOU*)QVUE& G:FALR

M(KK7(T
%AJA @/9B0VR;@CI]9@'!-BR$$WFT])D*!^/N
.G$2=Q-L7K;)'X;
M=N)^@A9W!;L



V$

)[ ]50X/OQ_19_@E?X]/# 3X-

MQ4B&^.\@2D9I. (Z1$BE+A /2)V3/O\)FE%J[9





M0Z=&:!\W

ME8N


M-L!=R7&C49$H4DM68UB^&(&*KLY
IB4WF./3X?7)OW_$NLG/Z.TZ#R@L_!/
M.&MU@^ 9 X$V&T0J,CS$2:\9X'DKCQ.C@96BPK-RR]K^6.4925-_;JB*4LQ
)Y-2*L]J  [&@%5J0&MMZ

[]CL!&\C5 8+10K/;=80(P&#4B_IQTH0&T-GO7:I;
+*S16R
MZJ:9D7(OF'O?LOR'6Q%H
M#-=#$81JU=]
.+Z6J2=.(O?T2VRB9D)A



MI'?O7Y:+ A7Y U?MEYY W#MZ[
178U7?Q$

:OO

5A6^99D(^#IF
MC@$/X*#UQ^Q7447 $9UU%$SJ,0HH$OEGX);81*I48R6_JVN 2#![]:/^8*
M!].89Z!N+7N:



P[[2R?E
M(50FNPT3_!X3J=!=.Z+1'WZ/4TS'].&(/B0#^F#

M &7GX10UZ
08U7+SZ 1(KSG(P#/%[V'=Y-8U
MYAE




284VS[ &URTE-I(Q

MBB)YGI=F$)R JPHH)6$E:LNO.)Q3N*WT+8XU;[%E-@%/I@L!)?I$8@I4$7

M6

MB]._+3]3K1I5+H0DG%S8SK1!G;(:U#9;V9_2DFI&=DN D_H!-RA;E!(*A])C

M[Q3I

^2&NC
%DEP+

MRJR=:^

LOF3^(_P

M\KO@


068SW@T


VI4DS9ALV


R!*7Q:TO!&REGYVBUI0SX@.5KY1FFHR@28'+I]J3J7[8.+55=





M7^JULN3$7K.RO+7-PE4CHP)EUU7'] .0LC=J;=83)
2*LKQRHUA4 I;PQ3

3=Z8:Z&S%6OG!.2=LMW/7O(C.*-P+

?
M[84R)7EX* GK,LAR) O-.4_D.=^F?^VN

MQ=99701.%^J
6T+?5L&($#R



M0$PK37M^XVTIHG#TD'DW-[$D9G [D9=KA7DQMN!?$*&?XF*YZ*]EOT)#0
MXJG0V
U2#W &2?QB+BHV$.%*;EQ

RZ-X6=IF7+D%C
MSNM2%9S9=?!#N!.&KQJ]MV?=TB8R%*ASM98*P7*PH

M]FB'W3%9;KK#)'R[:6_NU@*[B-Q2R H?UX^\^8J65)U.3BTK[5/DW11OJSP=
MIUEO;S-R\DHI(80[*XN47;PG@?B'T% N7L@[*(FE+B3HKE0!+\:SA*03OJ
M!U2L.NZA

MU$.(JX OXE(Y2NH6XY@.#'^!0,;I'AAH=(P[H^=T/2KB\L3K)*=FRLM'F)


MH@(X&FEPOS%DCA8^G
MG='GI[?3,\_G(*4OX.T*BA7P@7.;=!/(:5\F=BZ4MPAV-R\*:8H6Z=YMC*

N=H0'6[C0V)^2

MB/0CH.KK4W36=$X^(;E/ST
D^BE7 ]Z%U(58JPRQ
@S8@CUGTZ8ZYSOOD DP



.9OUV%_6@ 2OMP/!+GVUX
JGDL[(W)*.JA



M$V
Z1WYNH ^@YYU#6





GAZ!C?ICJLL

M23=T^VL_UU]M..:FSW23'08D/






N;KF0Q^%


MJX@;PSUE-W7^6'389.10


MW1JY];$3;$2K'L8I(H04/DO8F2R^8&QAPIMJA/$W0%9T#5B*JJ U8QT;R8/K




M[W)VHAX(U5A*)W:I!/&/M$)+' 0X#ZP_X)OR[A!;9B 3K$!9V(][!]IL



M7R\[PIJ%NZEW7:8.Z
/5&T?]03_BJFMVJ%#7:U/MH(%:'MV=I)PCXVX\+QFX
I*!
IZ
X:K$D

MA






+H C= D*2-6I2//BSM9SY$S

M+V3&1=

M0H(200Q


DS1*RP69@A+8[U5&S/V_JE-TGG_,^!CRTQAFE-G# 8S0^I5
MK44R+=4(JK)B/2THW%O83H;$ED&0JKP

M8M+0A$+[;5FL\:LG

K*E9+I==.*_1J$E





.]]!
T'

.2'PQ\^$AMT1S;( /F#1+


4/.UFW**JFB&:UK'8IUN-ZT#J@O
MB4(D#1%
%FV7LJCM$* Z/HA7^YPC'EQM8@Q;)?T
 X69']5FF#CQU*$?C+O#
MI!

\:]K]0EC%^5F$S\/V0OP^N6LJR
MQ]W!^&TGZ8Z2MY25,AB^18-R=XS\WBBA?24XK&Q/7

88

V.
M&2?&D6%B-$Q5X0?AI*5+?[S(^VE4]_3*L+&!=C^DZ)53T$NK)W'0FKY]Q!

+BO;OZHM7F$
MEW.;WP0?MPO4&TI*#0BT;XL?MP
 VBL0T+X



+A3-.C3U=7'LR
MO;X^N=EIN YXWPZO^%'SMCUF@.8Y&^.#S=MUI#M17A.2;P/SEB:RN1'JJ(I


U2!(!V2PMMU'H)3AOU3

3
M:-XNX[2ZV?:Y_HQ8.':-]F%M #?5/_(GS$+3OM$;E? YG8OAY?
M@OF;07



]WB7^#-V+[^:7#39!^+A%N


MHF6T?CVPYS93=N2W91]X









21RYMS
?N G9[BQ3SC9






M
O9[X3Z?1.AI-Q81X;QT/7#MC0?%(RG_K5SI%/2Z
&$8:@HD!






+09
'9O+_;G8H][4R _



MXYLS_0902P




S_9G#(NN+U&459 Z%V!QMO[Y@).W*J=K
\@(J82+J.<L/









93ZGL*O-V
;_Z\36W*95L;A?[
M
 V8;GD?TO^


ML




[USVXSI
M\+V

M_!M02P



MVN_3M9V@[


18:CH:7:I]H*E4=CZ.



MOJ4W1?.[7=]0ZYN[L=Q2IQ#)M:DCRN-0I\Y%:G_DV$_[I[RW+N9O;BR-V7%@



I17.4HL'(4606*
MK )%5H$BJT15:#(*E!D%2BRA19!8JL D56B2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DE
MBJP215:)(JM$D56AR*I09%4HLBH4616*K I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE!DU2BR:A19
M-8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ4635*+)J%%D-BJP&15:#(JM!D=6@R&I09#4HLAH4
M60V*K 9%5HLBJT61U:+(:E%DM2BR6A19+8JL%D56BR*K19'UZH*R+L=Z=/WT
MOR2_O#\\SV?+W]%O_@!02P$% ,4      U1&Q0'R// \     3 @  P
M            @ $     7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 

O87!P+GAM;%!+

P0   L5   8
M                0P

M% 


!#VL $  -(#   8                0\F  !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S
M+W-H965T.YX;6Q02P$% ,4      U1&Q0;$.C4;4!  #2 P  &

M  @ -41L4#'V@6.S 0  T@


M 0(4 Q0    ( #5$;%F=:9WM0$  -(#   9                ;4M  !X


M+W-H965T

  !D




4      U1&Q0%ZV

M=#(P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #5$;% D?;VAM $  -(#   9


M-41L4 2/FONU 0  T@

M='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      U1&Q0P:M!
[4!  #2 P  &0




M965T

  !D


4


S



U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0
M   ( #5$;%!0X(?*M@$  -(#   9                5-=  !X;]W;W)K






X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #5$;% $!YZF

M









M% 




4      U1&Q0-/[$U4,#  +#@

$!  !F!   &0









M4$L! A0#%     @ -41L4'= MUR$ @  G@@  !D              ( !MY\



$   9


M='


6FL P


YX
M;6Q02P$% 

4













64$L%!@    !9 %D 81@  ')/ 0    $!
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018






































































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Sep. 16
 2019
Sep. 16
 2019
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018










083


013











000


000











955
437









955
437













559
































000





000
000


000
000


























585
000
























986
110













955
437













749
996













585
000













559


























000
000


000
000
























955
437


955
437











233
332


233
332






























233













083













584




























730













723













722


























016













806
022






















000













651
163































































































































For an unclassified balance sheet
 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.



















































































































Primarily represents commissions incurred in the period based upon the sale by commissioned employees or third parties of the entity's goods or services
 and fees for sales assistance or product enhancements performed by third parties (such as a distributor or value added reseller).

























































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











181
116







630
041







811
157





































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of financing receivable
 classified as current. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes and loan receivable.




























Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of financing receivable
 classified as noncurrent.




























Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of financing receivable. Excludes financing receivable covered under loss sharing agreement.







































  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019

































































Weighted average remaining lease term for finance lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








939


205













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







Accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of
the following at:



    





    
    
    

    
10
159
900
5
825
446

    
7
132
747
9
019
765

    
17
292
647
14
845
211



































Tabular disclosure of the (a) carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business (accounts payable); (b) other payables; and (c) accrued liabilities. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







The following is a summary of
lease cost recognized in the Company's consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31
 2019:



    
    
December&#160;31

2019

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
188
977
    

    
    
97
478

    
188
977
97
478

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
2
288

    
    
2
288

    
    
    

    
188
977
99
766




The following is a summary of the impact of the Company's
leases on the consolidated statements of cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2019:



    
 December&#160;31
 

    

    
(182
917

    
(2
288

    
(185
205

    
    

    
    

    
(26
486

    
(26
486




The following is a summary of the weightesd average
remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for the Company's population of leases as of December 31
 2019:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




The future annual minimum lease payments required
under the Company's leases as of December 31
 2019 are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
310
532
363
022
673
554

    
102
343
88
134
190
477

    
7
175
50
033
57
208

    
420
050
501
189
921
239

    
(17
823
(14
494
(32
317

    
402
227
486
695
888
922

    
(294
916
(354
158
(649
074

    
107
311
132
537
239
848































































Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest expense for finance lease
 amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease
 operating lease cost
 short-term lease cost
 variable lease cost and sublease income.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019







For
the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of revenue with
its customers:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2019 and 2018
the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its customers:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



derived from a customer located in the United States. Revenues from customer B were derived from a customer located in Sweden which
was acquired on October 25
 2019. Please refer to note 10
 further details. All other revenues customers were mainly derived from
the United States.


A are obtained from a customer located in the United States. Receivables from customer B were derived from a customer located
in Sweden which was acquired on October 25
 2019. Please refer to note 10
 further details. Receivables from customer C pertained
to a customer in China which now reflects the change in our China business model to a royalty and licensing framework.&#160;




The effects of dilutive instruments
have been presented for the year-to-date net income as of December 31
 2019. Other periods presented do not reflect the dilutive
shares
 as the effects would be anti-dilutive due to the fact that losses are being reflected for those periods. Please refer to
the below table for additional details:



    
 ended December 31


    
    
    

    
9
971
260
(11
419
781

    
    
    

    
    
213
133

    
348
493
    

    
239
570
    

    
10
559
323
(11
206
648

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
60
761
995
50
050
696

    
64
183
399
50
050
696



































Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
 by antidilutive securities.




























Tabular disclosure of the nature of a concentration
 a benchmark to which it is compared
 and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019








    
    






    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
181
116
    

    
10
630
041
    

    
11
811
157
    



 2019
 the Company
entered into a license and repayment of investment agreement with Qifeng Food Technology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd (Qifeng).
Under the agreement
 Qifeng will repay the market investment Celsius has made into China to date
 over a five-year period
 under
an unsecured
 interest-bearing note receivable (Note). The initial outstanding principal under the Note was approximately
$12.2 million which is denominated in Chinese Renminbi (CNY) and was recorded as Other Income on the Consolidated Statements of
Operations for the year ended December 31
 2019. The amount recognized considered the net of the balances of the accounts receivable
accounts payable and accrued expenses
 as well as the marketing investments that were performed in the China market.


plus accrued interest are due annually on March 31 of each year starting in 2020. The Note is recorded at amortized cost basis
and accrues interest at a rate per annum equal to the weighted average of 5% of the outstanding principal up to $5 million and
2% of the outstanding principal above $5 million. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 the weighted average interest rate was
3.21% and interest income was approximately $382
000.


for impairment periodically by evaluating whether it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all the contractual
interest and principal payments as scheduled in the Note agreement
 based on historical experience about Qifeng's ability
to pay
 the current economic environment and other factors. If the Note is determined to be impaired
 the impairment is measured
based on the present value of the expected future cash flows under the Note
 discounted at the Note's effective interest
rate. At December 31
 2019
 the Note was not deemed to be impaired.


note in the amount of RMB 13
253
093 is due on March 31
 2020. We were requested to provide a 3-month consideration to delay payment
until June 30
 2019
 due to the impact of the health crisis in China. For this consideration
 a guarantee was obtained for the
full amount of the first-installment and offers as collateral stock certificates in Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
 which amount to 570
412
shares. The consideration was provided and therefore payment in full of the first installment is expected to be provided on June
30
 2020.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019








    



Func Food Group

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BondsPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BondsPayableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Plant

 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_CustomerAdvancePoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_OperatingExpensesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubstantialDoubtAboutGoingConcernTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IncreasedInBorrowedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_DiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseAccruedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_DebtConversionCancelledDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_DebtInstrumentDiscountConversionFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseAccruedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=celh_LicenseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_RoyaltyFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Plant

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ScheduleOfNotePayableRelatedPartiesTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedBondsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedSettlementOfPreexistingDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilitiesLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetscustomerRelationships'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCapitalLeaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_InterestExpenseOnConvertibleNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AmortizationOfDiscountOnNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_BondsPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ScheduleOfBondsPayableTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndDividendIncomeOperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInterestAndDividendIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AmortizationOfDiscountOnNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_AmortizationOfDiscountOnBondsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_OtherMiscellaneousExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsAverageRemainingTermAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm3'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_IncomeTaxesDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_PermanentDifferenceIncludingStockbasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ChangeInValuationAllowanceIncludingEffectOfChangeInTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingenciesForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=celh_FurnitureAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeasingActivityInCashFlowsFromOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_OperatingCashFlowsFromOperatingLeases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeaseInterestPaymentOnLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeasingActivityInCashFlowsFromOperatingActivitiesTotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_LeasingActivityInCashFlowsFromFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinanceLeasePrincipalPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_TotalLeasingActivityInCashFlowsFromFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_ScheduleOfOtherCurrentLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_celh_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

