

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-18-001689
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180308
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001341766
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				202745790
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34611
		FILM NUMBER:		18676464
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2424 N. FEDERAL HWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 208
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-276-2239
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2424 N. FEDERAL HWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 208
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VECTOR VENTURES CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051018









     




UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C.&nbsp;&nbsp;20549

FORM
10-K&nbsp;&nbsp;

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d)&nbsp;

THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
&nbsp;For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017

Commission
File No. 001-34611

CELSIUS
HOLDINGS
 INC.&nbsp;
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    

(State or Other Jurisdiction
    of
    

Incorporation or
    Organization)
    


2424
N Federal Highway
 Suite 206. Boca Raton
 Florida 33431

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)

(561)
276-2239&nbsp;
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)



    

(Former
    name
 former address and former fiscal year
 if changed since last report)


Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

Common
Stock
 $0.001 par value&nbsp;
(Title
of Class)

&nbsp;Name
of each exchange on which registered: The Nasdaq Capital Market

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. &#9744; Yes &#9746; &nbsp;No

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. &#9746; Yes
&#9744; No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. &#9746; Yes &#9744; No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). &#9746; Yes &#9744; No

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated
filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth
company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large
&nbsp;&nbsp;Emerging
growth company &#9744;

If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition
period for complying with any new &nbsp;or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the
Exchange Act. &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Exchange Act). &#9744; Yes
&#9746; &nbsp;&nbsp;No

The
aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately $73
536
076 as of June 30
2017
 based on the closing price of $4.25 for the Company&rsquo;s common stock on such date on the Nasdaq Capital Market. For
purposes of the foregoing computation
 all executive officers
 directors
 and 10% beneficial owners of the Registrant are deemed
to be affiliates.

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant&rsquo;s classes of common stock
 as of the latest practicable date.
There were 45
971
037 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 7
 2018.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: No documents are incorporated by reference into this Report except those Exhibits so incorporated as
set forth in the Exhibit index.



    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market For Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    


When
&rdquo;)
 unless otherwise indicated

Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo;
refers to Celsius Holdings
 Inc. and its subsidiaries.

NOTE
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This
Report contains forward-looking statements that reflect our current views about future events. We use the words &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;assume
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo;
&ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;designed
&rdquo;
&ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;forecast
&rdquo; &ldquo;target
&rdquo; &ldquo;objective
&rdquo; &ldquo;goal
&rdquo; or the negatives
of such terms or other similar expressions. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve
known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results
 levels of activity
 performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and other factors include described in &ldquo;
&rdquo;
&rdquo; and elsewhere
in this Report.

PART
I



    
    




We
are engaged in the development
 marketing
&rdquo; calorie-burning fitness beverages
 brand name. According to multiple clinical studies we funded


energy for up to a three-hour period. Our exercise focused studies show Celsius delivers additional benefits when consumed prior
to exercise. The studies show benefits such as increase in fat burn
 increase in lean muscle mass and increased endurance.

We


 while fostering the goal of healthier everyday refreshment by being as natural as possible without the artificial
 has no artificial preservatives
 aspartame
 uses good-for-you ingredients and supplements such
as green tea (EGCG)
 ginger
 calcium
 chromium
 line of products is
sweetened with sucralose


and suitable for consumers whose sugar intake is restricted.

We
have undertaken significant marketing efforts aimed at building brand awareness
 including a wide variety of marketing vehicles
such as television
 radio
 digital
 social media
 sponsorships
 and magazine advertising. We also undertake various promotions
at the retail level such as coupons and other discounts in addition to in-store sampling. We have entered into agreements with
various distributors to sell our products domestically and abroad
 particularly in Sweden and the Far East.

We
do not directly manufacture our beverages
 but instead outsource the manufacturing process to established third-party co-packers.
We do
 however
 provide our co-packers with flavors
 ingredient blends
 cans and other raw materials for our beverages purchased
by us from various suppliers.

Recent
Developments

Product
Line Extensions

During
2017
 we introduced two product line extensions:


A
 into
                                         the natural channel. The natural line extension is available in refreshing flavors: three
                                         sparkling - grapefruit
 cucumber lime
 orange pomegranate and three non-carbonated -
                                         pineapple coconut
 watermelon berry and strawberries &amp; cream. 


The
                                         second line in our product portfolio
 trainer&rsquo;s grade Celsius Heat&trade;. Celsius
                                         Heat&trade; is also a dietary supplement
 that uses the same proprietary thermogenic
                                         MetaPlus
 which is proven to accelerate
                                         metabolism
 boost energy and accelerate calorie and fat burn when combined with exercise.
                                         Celsius Heat&trade;
 which is packed with 2
000mg of L-citrulline and 300mg of caffeine.
                                         Comes in seven carbonated flavors: Apple Jack&rsquo;d
 Orangesicle
 Punch
 Cherry Lime
                                         Blueberry Pomegranate
 Strawberry Dragonfruit
 and Tangerine Grapefruit. 



    
    


Expansion
of Overseas Presence 

During
2017
 we focused a significant part of our marketing efforts on expanding our global reach into the Asian market
 which is one
of the most dynamic and fastest-growing
 making it an important target in our pursuit of global growth. Having a diverse
 established
and expanding product line
 we increased our investment in this key market with the launch and expansion of two important relationships
and the formation of an experienced
 focused regional team. In September 2017
 we entered China with our partner
 Qifeng Food
Technology. With exciting success
 brand.
The initial distribution covered select channels across three Tier-1 cities - Beijing
 Guangzhou and Shenzhen
 as well as in over
30 other cities across 14 provinces. Consumer response has been overwhelmingly positive and signals that our plan for broader
product distribution in China
 which is scheduled to being in the summer of 2018
 is in-line with market opportunities. At the
same time
 we are accelerating our distribution in Hong Kong through our partnership with A.S. Watson Industries. The foundation
of our business in Asia is with strong
 capable partners
 and we are committed to building on our success to further grow our
brand and increase placements of our products.

Corporate
History

We
were incorporated in Nevada on April 26

 Inc
engaged in mineral exploration. Such business was unsuccessful. On January 26
 2007
 we acquired the Celsius
beverage business of Elite FX
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation engaged in the development of &ldquo;functional&rdquo; beverages
since 2004 in a reverse merger
 and subsequently changed our name to Celsius Holdings
 Inc. We currently have one Florida
subsidiary
 Celsius Netshipments
 Inc.
 established in 2007
 one Nevada subsidiary
 Celsius
 Inc.
 established in 2007
 two
Hong Kong corporate subsidiaries
 Celsius Asia Holdings Limited and Celsius China Holdings Limited
 established in 2017 and a
Chinese corporate subsidiary
 Celsius (Beijing) Beverage Limited
 also established in 2017.

Our
Products

&reg;


According
to multiple clinical studies we funded
 burns 100 to 140 calories by
increasing a consumer&rsquo;s metabolism an average of 12% for up to a three-hour period. In addition
 these studies have indicated
 prior to exercising may improve cardiovascular health and fitness
and enhance the loss of fat and gain of muscle from exercise.


    
    



We


 while fostering the goal of healthier everyday refreshment by being as natural as possible without the artificial
 has no chemical preservatives
 aspartame or
 uses good-for-you ingredients and supplements such
as green tea (EGCG)
 ginger
 calcium
 chromium
 B vitamins and vitamin C. Celsius is sweetened with sucralose
 a sugar-derived
sweetener that is found in Splenda
 which makes our beverages low-calorie and suitable for consumers whose sugar
 contains 200 milligrams of caffeine which is comparable to
one 12 ounce cup of coffee from the leading coffeehouse.

Our
original Celsius&reg; product line is currently offered in seven flavors: orange
 wild berry
 cola
 grape
 and watermelon (which
are carbonated)
 and non-carbonated green tea raspberry/acai
 is packaged in
a distinctive 12 ounce sleek can that uses vivid colors in abstract patterns to create a strong on-shelf impact. The cans are
sold as singles or in four-packs. We have recently redesigned our packaging to provide a cleaner
 crisper and more modern look.
We also sell a powdered form of the active ingredients in our beverages in individual On-The-Go packets as well as multiple serving
canisters. In addition to being sugar free
 our original ready-to -drink product line is non-GMO
 kosher and vegan certified and
soy and gluten free.

In
2017
 into the
natural channel. The natural line extension is available in refreshing flavors: three sparkling - grapefruit
 cucumber lime
 orange
pomegranate and three non-carbonated - pineapple coconut
 watermelon berry and strawberries &amp; cream. The natural line extension
boasts a clean ingredient panel featuring 100% natural caffeine-from-green-coffee bean extract
 and an all-natural sweetener.
products
 our new natural ready-to -drink beverages are non-GMO
 kosher and vegan certified
and soy and gluten free.

During
2017
 we also introduced the second line in our product portfolio
 trainer&rsquo;s grade Celsius Heat&trade;. Celsius Heat&trade;
is also a dietary supplement
 that uses the same proprietary thermogenic MetaPlus
which is proven to accelerate metabolism
 boost energy and accelerate calorie and fat burn when combined with exercise. Celsius
Heat&trade;
 which is packed with 2
000mg of L-citrulline and 300mg of caffeine. Comes in seven carbonated flavors: Apple Jack&rsquo;d
Orangesicle
 Punch
 Cherry Lime
 Blueberry Pomegranate
 Strawberry Dragonfruit
 and Tangerine Grapefruit.

We
target a niche in the functional beverage segment of the beverage industry consisting of consumers seeking calorie-burning beverages
to help them manage their weight and enhance their exercise regimen. Our target consumers are generally individuals that exercise
two to five times a week and are concerned about their health.

Clinical
Studies

It
is our belief that clinical studies substantiating product claims will become more important as more and more beverages are marketed
 was one of the first functional beverages to be launched along with a clinical study.
 is also one of very few functional beverages that has clinical research on the actual product itself.
Some beverage companies that do mention studies backing their claims are referencing independent studies conducted on one or more
of the ingredients in the product. We believe that it is important and will become more important to have studies on the actual
product.

We
. Each was conducted by a research organization and each
 formula. The first study was conducted by the Ohio Research Group of Exercise Science
&amp; Sports Nutrition. The remaining studies were conducted by the Applied Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory
of the University of Oklahoma. We funded all of the studies and provided Celsius&reg; beverage for the studies. However
 none
of our directors
 executive officers or principal shareholders is in any way affiliated with either of the two research organizations
which conducted the studies.

The
.
The Ohio Research Group of Exercise Science &amp; Sports Nutrition is a multidisciplinary clinical research team dedicated to
exploring the relationship between exercise
 nutrition
 dietary supplements and health. This placebo-controlled
 double-blind
 and the placebo on metabolic rate. Twenty-two participants were
 and on a separate day a serving of twelve ounces of
. All subjects completed both trials using a randomized
 counterbalanced design. Randomized means that
subjects were selected for each group randomly to ensure that the different treatments were statistically equivalent. Counterbalancing
 on the second day. The
other group did the opposite. Counterbalancing is a design method that is used to control &ldquo;order effects.&rdquo; In other
words
 this was done to make sure that the order that subjects were served does not impact the results and analysis.&nbsp;



    
    


Metabolic
rate (via indirect calorimetry
 measurements taken from breaths into and out of calorimeter) and substrate oxidation (via respiratory
exchange ratios) were measured at baseline (pre-ingestion) and for ten minutes at the end of each hour for three hours post-ingestion.
The results showed an average increase of metabolism of twelve percent over the three-hour period
 compared to a statistically
insignificant change for the control group. Metabolic rate
 or metabolism
 is the rate at which the body expends energy. This
is also referred to as the &ldquo;caloric burn rate.&rdquo; Indirect calorimetry calculates heat that living organisms produce
from their production of carbon dioxide. It is called &ldquo;indirect&rdquo; because the caloric burn rate is calculated from
a measurement of oxygen uptake. Direct calorimetry would involve the subject being placed inside the calorimeter for the measurement
to determine the heat being produced. Respiratory Exchange Ratio is the ratio oxygen taken in a breath compared to the carbon
dioxide breathed out in one breath or exchange. Measuring this ratio can be used for estimating which substrate (fuel such as
carbohydrate or fat) is being metabolized or &lsquo;oxidized&rsquo; to supply the body with energy.

The
second study was conducted by the Applied Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2007.
This blinded
 placebo-controlled study was conducted on a total of 60 men and women of normal weight. An equal number of participants
 to a placebo of the same
amount. According to the study
 burned significantly more calories versus those
consuming the placebo
 over a three-hour period. The study confirmed that over the three-hour period
 subjects consuming a single
 burned 65% more calories than those consuming the placebo beverage and burned an average of
more than 100 to 140 calories compared to the placebo. These results were statistically significant.

The
third study
 conducted by the Applied Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2007
 extended
our second study with the same group of 60 individuals and protocol for 28 days and showed the same statistical significance of
increased calorie burn (minimal attenuation). While the University of Oklahoma study did extend for 28 days
 more testing would
 calorie-burning effects. Also
 although these studies were on
relatively small numbers of subjects
 they have statistically significant results. Additional studies on a larger number and wider
range of body compositions can be considered to further the analysis.

Our
fourth study
 conducted by the Applied Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2009
 combined
 use with exercise. This ten-week placebo-controlled
 randomized and blinded study was conducted on a total


 and Group 2 consumed one serving of an identically flavored and labeled placebo beverage. Both groups participated
in ten weeks of combined aerobic and weight training
 following the American College of Sports Medicine guidelines of training
 prior to exercising
may enhance the positive adaptations of exercise on body composition
 cardio-respiratory fitness and endurance performance. According
to the preliminary findings
 lost significantly more fat mass and
gained significantly more muscle mass than those subjects consuming the placebo &mdash; a 93.75% greater loss in fat and 50% greater
gain in muscle mass
 respectively. The study also confirmed that subjects consuming Celsius&reg; significantly improved measures
of cardio-respiratory fitness and the ability to delay the onset of fatigue when exercising to exhaustion.

Our
fifth study was conducted by the Applied Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2009.
This ten-week placebo-controlled
 randomized and blinded study was conducted on a total of 27 previously sedentary overweight
and obese female subjects. Participants were randomly assigned into groups that consumed identically tasting treatment beverages
with exercise or without exercise. All participants consumed one drink
 either placebo or Celsius
 per day for
10 weeks. The exercise groups participated in ten weeks of combined aerobic and weight training
 following the American College
of Sports Medicine guidelines of training for previously sedentary adults. No changes were made to their diet. The results showed
 prior to exercising may improve cardiovascular health and fitness and
enhance the positive adaptations of exercise on body composition. According to the preliminary findings
 subjects consuming a
 lost significantly more fat mass and gained significantly more muscle mass when compared
to exercise alone &mdash; a 46% greater loss in fat
 27% greater gain in muscle mass
 respectively. The study also confirmed that
 significantly improved measures of cardio-respiratory fitness &mdash; 35% greater endurance
performance with significant improvements to lipid profiles &mdash; total cholesterol decreases of 5 to 13% and bad LDL cholesterol
12 to 18%. Exercise alone had no effect on blood lipid levels.



    
    


Our
sixth study was conducted by the Applied Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2009.
This ten-week placebo-controlled
 randomized and blinded study was conducted on a total of 37 previously sedentary male subjects.
Participants were randomly assigned into groups that consumed identically tasting treatment beverages with exercise or without
exercise. All participants consumed one drink
 either placebo or Celsius
 per day for 10 weeks. The exercise groups
participated in ten weeks of combined aerobic and weight training
 following the American College of Sports Medicine guidelines
of training for previously sedentary adults. No changes were made to their diet. The results showed that consuming a single serving
 prior to exercising may improve cardiovascular health and fitness and enhance the positive adaptations

 before exercise versus those that consumed the placebo
before exercise. Mood was not affected. Clinical markers for hepatic
 renal
 cardiovascular and immune function
 as determined
by pre-and post-blood work revealed no adverse effects.

Our
seventh study was conducted by Miami Research Institute in 2010 and demonstrated the efficacy and safety of the powders and the
shots. This study allows the Company to make the same structure/function claims as the ready to drink beverages.

Manufacture
and Supply of Our Products

Our
beverages are produced by established third party beverage co-packers. A co-packer is a manufacturing plant that provides the
service of filling bottles or cans for the brand owner. We believe one benefit of using co-packers is that we do not have to invest
in the production facility and can focus our resources on brand development
 sales and marketing. It also allows us produce in
multiple locations strategically placed throughout the country. We purchase most of the ingredients and all packaging materials.
 is specified
as 15 to 18 months.

Substantially
all of the raw materials used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our products are purchased by us or by our co-packers
in accordance with our specifications. Generally
 we obtain the ingredients used in our products from domestic suppliers and some
 include green tea (EGCG)
 ginger (from
the root)
 caffeine
 B vitamins
 vitamin C
 taurine
 guarana
 chromium
 calcium
 glucuronolactone
 sucralose
 natural flavors
 is labeled with a supplements facts panel. We have no major supply contracts with
any of our suppliers. We single-source all our ingredients for purchasing efficiency; however
 we have identified a second source
for our critical ingredients and there are many suppliers of flavors
 colorings and sucralose. In case of a supply restriction
or interruption from any of the flavor and coloring suppliers
 we would have to test and qualify other suppliers that may disrupt
our production schedules.

Packaging
materials
 except for our distinctive sleek aluminum cans
 are easily available from multiple sources in the United States; however
due to efficiencies we utilize single source vendor relationships.

We
believe that our co-packing arrangement and supply sources are adequate for our present needs.



&reg;

 convenience stores
 drug stores
 nutritional stores
 and
mass merchants. We also sell to health clubs
 spas
 gyms
 the military
 e-commerce websites and a limited number of international
markets.



    
    


We
distribute our products domestically through a hybrid of direct-store delivery (DSD) distributors and as well as sales direct
to retailers (DTR).

Internationally
we distribute our products through regional and country-specific distribution partners. During 2017
 we focused a significant
part of our marketing efforts on expanding our global reach into the Asian market
 which is one of the most dynamic and fastest-growing
making it an important target in our pursuit of global growth. Having a diverse
 established and expanding product line
 we increased
our investment in this key market with the launch and expansion of two important relationships and the formation of an experienced
focused regional team. In September 2017
 we entered China with our partner
 Qifeng Food Technology. With exciting success
 we
 brand. The initial distribution covered select
channels across three Tier-1 cities - Beijing
 Guangzhou and Shenzhen
 as well as in over 30 other cities across 14 provinces.
Consumer response has been overwhelmingly positive and signals that our plan for broader product distribution in China
 which
is scheduled to being in the summer of 2018
 is in-line with market opportunities. At the same time
 we are accelerating our distribution
in Hong Kong through our partnership with A.S. Watson Industries. The foundation of our business in Asia is with strong
 capable
partners
 and we are committed to building on our success to further grow our brand and increase placements of our products.

Sales
to one customer
 a foreign distributor of our products
 accounted for 30% and 39% of our revenues for the years ended December
31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
 respectively. Accordingly
 if sales to this customer were to significantly decline or cease entirely
our business
 results of operations and financial condition may be significantly harmed.

Seasonality
of Sales

As
is typical in the beverage industry
 sales of our beverages are seasonal
 with the highest sales volumes generally occurring in
the second and third fiscal quarters
 which correspond to the warmer months of the year in our major markets.



We
believe that we are one of the few calorie-burning fitness beverages whose effectiveness is supported by clinical studies
 which
gives us a unique position in the beverage market. However
 our products do compete broadly with all categories of consumer beverages.
The beverage market is highly competitive
 and includes international
 national
 regional and local producers and distributors
most of whom have greater financial
 management and other resources than us. Our direct competitors in the functional beverage
market include
 but are not limited to The Coca-Cola Company
 Dr. Pepper Snapple Group
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 Nestl&eacute;
 Waters North
America
 Inc.
 Hansen Natural Corp.
 Monster Energy
 and Red Bull.

Proprietary
Rights

We
trademarks with the United States Patent and Trademark
Office
 as well as a number of additional trademarks.

We
have and will continue to take appropriate measures
 such as entering into confidentiality agreements with our contract packers
and ingredient suppliers
 formulation and product
formulas.

We
 formulation and product formulas as trade secrets. We believe that trade secrecy is a preferable
method of protection for our formulas as patenting them might require their disclosure. Other than a company that is our outsourced
production manager
 no single member of the raw material supply chain or our co-packers has access to the complete formula.

We
consider our trademarks and trade secrets to be of considerable value and importance to our business. No successful challenges
to our registered trademarks have arisen and we have no reason to believe that any such challenges will arise in the future.

Government
Regulation

The
production

 Drug and Cosmetic Act
the 
 the 
 various environmental
statutes and various other federal
 state and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production
 transportation
 sale
safety
 advertising
 labeling and ingredients of such products. California law requires that a specific warning appear on any
product that contains a component listed by California as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. The law exposes
all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products because the law recognizes
no generally applicable quantitative thresholds below which a warning is not required. Consequently
 even trace amounts of listed
components can expose affected products to the prospect of warning labels. Products containing listed substances that occur naturally
in the product or that are contributed to the product solely by a municipal water supply are generally exempt from the warning
requirement. While none of our products are required to display warnings under this law
 we cannot predict whether an important
component of any of our products might be added to the California list in the future. We also are unable to predict whether or
to what extent a warning under this law would have an impact on costs or sales of our products.



    
    


Measures
have been enacted in various localities and states that require that a deposit be charged for certain non-refillable beverage
containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary. Other deposit
 recycling or product stewardship proposals
have been introduced in certain states and localities and in Congress
 and we anticipate that similar legislation or regulations
may be proposed in the future at the local
 state and federal levels
 both in the United States and elsewhere.

Our
facilities in the United States are subject to federal
 state and local environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with these
provisions has not had
 and we do not expect such compliance to have
 any material adverse effect upon our business
 financial
condition and results of operations.



As
of the date of this Report
 the Company employs 39 persons
 including its executive officers.



    
    


Our
business faces certain risks. The risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do not yet
know of
 or that we currently think as immaterial
 may also impair our business.&nbsp; If any of the events anticipated by the
risks described below or elsewhere in this report occur
 our results of operations and financial conditions could be adversely
affected.

Risk
Factors Relating to Our Business

We
have a history of losses and we may experience additional losses in the futures.

The
Company has a history of losses
 including net losses available to common shareholders of $8
530
989 and $3
433
769 for the years
ended December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
 respectively. Our future operating results will depend on many factors
 both in
and out of our control
 including the ability to increase and sustain demand for and acceptance of our products
 the level of
our competition
 and our ability to attract and maintain key management and key employees. Accordingly
 there can be no assurance
that we can attain consistent profitability.

We
rely on third party co-packers to manufacture our products. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our co-packers
and/or their ability to manufacture our products becomes constrained or unavailable to us
 our business could suffer.

We
do not directly manufacture our products
 but instead outsource such manufacturing to established third party co-packers. These
third-party co-packers may not be able to fulfill our demand as it arises
 could begin to charge rates that make using their services
cost inefficient or may simply not be able to or willing to provide their services to us on a timely basis or at all. In the event
of any disruption or delay
 whether caused by a rift in our relationship or the inability of our co-packers to manufacture our
products as required
 we would need to secure the services of alternative co-packers.&nbsp; We may be unable to procure alternative
packing facilities at commercially reasonable rates and/or within a reasonably short time period and any such transition could
be costly.&nbsp; In such case
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.



    
    



We
rely on distributors to distribute our products in the DSD sales channel and in international markets. If we are unable to secure
such distributors and/or we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing distributors
 our business could suffer.&nbsp;

We
 in the DSD sales channel by entering into agreements with direct-to-store delivery distributors
having established sales
 marketing and distribution organizations. We similarly are seeking to expand our international distribution
particularly in the Far East and elsewhere in Asia by entering into agreements with large established distributors who service
those markets. Many of our distributors are affiliated with and manufacture and/or distribute other beverage products. In many
cases
 such products compete directly with our products. The marketing efforts of our distributors are important for our success.
 proves to be less attractive to our distributors and/or if we fail to attract distributors
 and/or
our distributors do not market and promote our products with greater focus in preference to the products of our competitors
 our
business
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our
customers are material to our success. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing customers
 our business
could suffer.

Unilateral
decisions could be taken by our distributors
 grocery chains
 convenience chains
 drug stores
 nutrition stores
 mass merchants
club warehouses and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any of our products that they are carrying at any time
 which
could cause our business to suffer.

One
customer accounts for a significant portion of our revenues. If sales to this customer were to significantly decline or cease


Sales
to a foreign customer of our products accounted for 37% and 39% of our revenues for the years ended December 31
 2017 and December
31
 2016
 respectively. Accordingly
 if sales to this customer were to significantly decline or cease entirely
 our business
results of operations and financial condition may be significantly harmed.

Increases
in cost or shortages of raw materials or increases in costs of co-packing could harm our business

The
principal raw materials used by us are flavors and ingredient blends as well as aluminum cans
 the prices of which are subject
to fluctuations. We are uncertain whether the prices of any of the above or any other raw materials or ingredients we utilize
will rise in the future and whether we will be able to pass any of such increases on to our customers. We do not use hedging agreements
or alternative instruments to manage the risks associated with securing sufficient ingredients or raw materials. In addition
some of these raw materials
 such as our distinctive sleek 12 ounce can
 are available from a single or a limited number of suppliers.
As alternative sources of supply may not be available
 any interruption in the supply of such raw materials might materially harm
us.

Our
failure to accurately estimate demand for our products could adversely affect our business and financial results.

We
may not correctly estimate demand for our products. If we materially underestimate demand for our products and are unable to secure
sufficient ingredients or raw materials
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis
 in which case our business
financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We
depend upon our trademarks and proprietary rights
 and any failure to protect our intellectual property rights or any claims that
we are infringing upon the rights of others may adversely affect our competitive position.

Our
success depends
 in large part
 on our ability to protect our current and future brands and products and to defend our intellectual
property rights. We cannot be sure that trademarks will be issued with respect to any future trademark applications or that our
competitors will not challenge
 invalidate or circumvent any existing or future trademarks issued to
 or licensed by
 us.

Our
products are manufactured using our proprietary blends of ingredients. These blends are created by third-party suppliers to our
specifications and then supplied to our co-packers. Although all of the third parties in our supply and manufacture chain execute
confidentiality agreements
 there can be no assurance that our trade secrets
 including our proprietary ingredient blends will
not become known to competitors.

We
believe that our competitors
 many of whom are more established and have greater financial and personnel resources than we do
may be able to replicate or reverse engineer our processes
 brands
 flavors
 or our products in a manner that could circumvent
our protective safeguards. Therefore
 we cannot give you any assurance that our confidential business information will remain
proprietary. Any such loss of confidentiality could diminish or eliminate any competitive advantage provided by our proprietary
information.



    
    


We
may incur material losses as a result of product recall and product liability

We
may be liable if the consumption of any of our products causes injury
 illness or death. We also may be required to recall some
of our products if they become contaminated or are damaged or mislabeled. A significant product liability judgment against us
or a widespread product recall
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
The amount of the insurance we carry is limited
 and that insurance is subject to certain exclusions and may or may not be adequate.

Our
lack of product diversification and inability to timely introduce new or alternative products could cause us to cease operations.

Our
 and our recent product line extensions
 including Celsius Heat&trade;. The risks
associated with focusing on a limited product line are substantial. I Even though we recently announced our first product line
extension
 if consumers do not accept our products or if there is a general decline in market demand for
 or any significant decrease
in
 the consumption of functional beverages
 we are not financially or operationally capable of introducing alternative products
within a short time frame. As a result
 such lack of acceptance or market demand decline could cause us to cease operations.

We
are dependent on our key executives and employees and the loss of any of their services could materially adversely affect us which
may have a material adverse effect on our Company.

Our
future success will depend substantially upon the abilities of
 and personal relationships developed by our key executives and
employees. The sudden loss of the services of any key executive or employee could materially adversely affect our business and
our prospects for the future. We do not have key person insurance on the lives of such individuals.

We
are dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified technical
 sales and managerial personnel

Our
future success depends in part on our continuing ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical
 sales and managerial
personnel. Competition for such personnel in the beverage industry is intense and we may not be able to retain our key managerial
sales and technical employees or attract and retain additional highly qualified technical
 sales and managerial personnel in the
future. Any inability to attract and retain the necessary technical
 sales and managerial personnel could materially adversely
affect us.

The
FDA has not passed on the efficacy of our products or the accuracy of any claim we make related to our products.

Although
six independent clinical studies have been conducted relating to the calorie-burning and related effects of our products
 the
results of these studies have not been submitted to or reviewed by the FDA.&nbsp; Further
 the FDA has not passed on the efficacy
of any of our products nor has it reviewed or passed on any claims we make related to our products
 including the claim that our
products aid consumers in burning calories or enhancing their metabolism.

Risk
Factors Relating to Our Industry

We
are subject to significant competition in the beverage industry

The
beverage industry is highly competitive. The principal areas of competition are pricing
 packaging
 distribution channel penetration
development of new products and flavors and marketing campaigns. Our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by
a relatively large number of manufacturers
 most of which have substantially greater financial
 marketing and distribution resources
and name recognition than we do.



    
    


Important
factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include the taste and flavor of our products
 trade and consumer promotions
rapid and effective development of new
 unique cutting-edge products
 attractive and different packaging
 branded product advertising
and pricing. Our products compete with all liquid refreshments and with products of much larger and substantially better financed
competitors
 including the products of numerous nationally and internationally known producers
 such as The Coca Cola Company
Dr. Pepper Snapple Group
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 Nestle
 Waters North America
 Inc.
 Hansen Natural Corp. and Red Bull. We also compete
with companies that are smaller or primarily local in operation. Our products also compete with private label brands such as those
carried by supermarket chains
 convenience store chains
 drug store chains
 mass merchants and club warehouses.

There
can be no assurance that we will compete successfully in the functional beverage industry. The failure to do so would materially
adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

We
compete in an industry that is brand-conscious
 so brand name recognition and acceptance of our products are critical to our success
and significant marketing and advertising could be needed to achieve and sustain brand recognition.

Our
business is substantially dependent upon awareness and market acceptance of our products and brands by our targeted consumers.
Our business depends on acceptance by our independent distributors of our brand as one that has the potential to provide incremental
sales growth rather than reduce distributors&rsquo; existing beverage sales. The development of brand awareness and market acceptance
is likely to require significant marketing and advertising expenditures. There can be no assurance that Celsius
will achieve and maintain satisfactory levels of acceptance by independent distributors and retail consumers. Any failure of the
 brand to maintain or increase acceptance or market penetration would likely have a material adverse effect
on business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Our
sales are affected by seasonality.

As
is typical in the beverage industry
 our sales are seasonal. Our highest sales volumes generally occur in the second and third
quarters
 which correspond to the warmer months of the year in our major markets. Consumer demand for our products is also affected
by weather conditions. Cool
 wet spring or summer weather could result in decreased sales of our beverages and could have an adverse
effect on our results of operations.

Our
business is subject to many regulations and noncompliance is costly

The
production
 marketing and sale of our beverage products are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
 state and
local health agencies. If a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product or production run is not in compliance
with any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be stopped
 thus adversely affecting our business
 financial
condition and results of operations. Similarly
 any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage our reputation
and our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore
 the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to
time and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we have no way of anticipating whether changes in these rules and
regulations will impact our business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 environmental
tax or otherwise
 could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Risk
Factors Relating to our Status as a Fully Reporting Public Company

In
late 2016
 we became subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;) that require us to incur audit fees and legal fees in connection with the preparation of such reports. These additional
costs could reduce or eliminate our ability to earn a profit.

In
late 2016
 we became subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and as a result
 we are now required to
&rdquo;) pursuant to the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In order to comply with these requirements
 our independent registered public
accounting firm has to review our financial statements on a quarterly basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis.
Moreover
 our legal counsel has to review and assist in the preparation of such reports. The costs charged by these professionals
for such services cannot be accurately predicted at this time because factors such as the number and type of transactions that
we engage in and the complexity of our reports cannot be determined at this time and will have a major effect on the amount of
time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However
 the incurrence of such costs will obviously be an expense to our operations
and thus have a negative effect on our ability to meet our overhead requirements and earn a profit. If we cannot provide reliable
financial reports or prevent fraud
 our business and operating results could be harmed
 investors could lose confidence in our
reported financial information
 and the trading price of our common stock
 if a market ever develops
 could drop significantly.



    
    


Our
internal controls may be inadequate
 which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being
disseminated to the public

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act
 internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision
of
 the principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the board of directors
 management and other personnel
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:

&bull;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;pertain
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the Company;

&bull;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and/or directors of the Company; and

&bull;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

We
will be required to include a report of management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in certain
of our periodic filings. We expect to incur additional expenses and diversion of management&rsquo;s time as a result of performing
the system and process evaluation
 testing and remediation required in order to comply with the management certification requirements.

During
the course of our testing
 we may identify other deficiencies that we may not be able to timely remediate. Moreover
 effective
internal controls
 particularly those related to revenue recognition
 are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports
and are important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud
 our business
and operating results could be harmed
 investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information
 and the trading
price of our common stock could drop significantly.



    
    



Risk
Factors Related to our Common Stock

We
cannot guarantee the continued existence of an active established public trading market for our common stock.

Our
common stock currently is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Trading in stock quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market
may often experience wide fluctuations in trading prices
 due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or
business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance.

Market
prices for our common stock may also be influenced by a number of other factors
 including:



    
    




    
    
the
    issuance of new equity securities pursuant to a public or private offering;

    
    
    



    
    
changes
    in interest rates;

    
    
    



    
    
competitive
    developments
 including announcements by competitors of new products or services or significant contracts
 acquisitions
 strategic
    partnerships
 joint ventures or capital commitments;

    
    
    



    
    
variations
    in quarterly operating results;

    
    
    



    
    
change
    in financial estimates by securities analysts;

    
    
    



    
    
the
    depth and liquidity of the market for our common stock;

    
    
    



    
    
investor
    perceptions of Celsius and the functional beverage industry generally; and

    
    
    



    
    
general
    economic and other national conditions.


Our
board of directors has the authority
 without shareholder approval
 to issue preferred stock with terms that may not be beneficial
to common shareholders and with the ability to affect adversely shareholder voting power and perpetuate their control over us.

Our
Articles of Incorporation allows our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock without any vote or further action
by our shareholders. Our board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred
stock. As a result
 our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders
the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation
 the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to
the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the shares
 together with a premium
 prior to the redemption of
our common stock.

The
ability of our principal shareholders to control our business may limit or eliminate minority shareholders&rsquo; ability to influence
corporate affairs.

Our
principal shareholders own common stock and/or preferred stock which holds a majority of the voting power of our issued and outstanding
capital. Accordingly
 they will be able to effectively control the election of directors
 as well as all other matters requiring
shareholder approval. The interests of our principal shareholders may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect
to the issuance of shares
 business transactions with or sales to other companies
 selection of other directors and other business
decisions. The minority shareholders have no way of overriding decisions made by our principal shareholders. This level of control
may also have an adverse impact on the market value of our shares because our principal shareholders may institute or undertake
transactions
 policies or programs that result in losses
 may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community
and / or may sell sufficient numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share.

We
do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future

We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock at any time in
the foreseeable future. The future payment of dividends directly depends upon our future earnings
 capital requirements
 financial
requirements and other factors that our board of directors will consider. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on
our common stock
 return on your investment
 if any
 will depend solely on an increase
 if any
 in the market value of our common
stock.

The
&ldquo;market overhang&rdquo; from our outstanding options
 warrants and convertible securities could adversely impact the market
price of our common stock

As
of the date of this Report
 we have 13
215
007 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options and warrants
&rdquo; could adversely impact the market
price of our common stock as a result of the dilution which would result if such securities were exercised for or converted into
shares of common stock.



    
    




Item
    1B.
Unresolved Staff
    Comments.


Not
applicable to the Company because we are a &ldquo;



    
    


At
present
 we do not own any real property.&nbsp;&nbsp;We currently lease our principal executive offices located at 2424 N Federal
Highway
 Boca Raton
 Florida 33431. Our premises are leased for a monthly cost of $8
809. The current lease expires on October
2020. The Company has no warehouses or other facilities as we store our product at third party contract warehouse facilities.



    
Legal
        Proceedings.&nbsp;


On
February 22
 2017
 we were served with a summons and complaint with respect to a breach of contract action filed in Superior
Court of the State of California
 Los Angeles County
 by Statewide Beverage Company
&rdquo;)
 a
former distributor of the Company&rsquo;s products
 whose distribution agreement
 the Company had terminated effective
&rdquo; (non-payment of invoices within the applicable grace period provided in the
distribution agreement). The complaint alleges that the distribution agreement was terminated without
&rdquo; and seeks unspecified damages consisting of termination payments and fees which would be due upon
a termination without &ldquo;
&rdquo; as well as certain
invasion fees allegedly due under the terms of the distribution agreement. The Company believes that it validly terminated
&rdquo; and will vigorously defend against the action. As of the date of this Report
the parties are engaging in depositions prior to mediation
 which is scheduled to take place in the spring of 2018.

In
addition to the foregoing
 from time to time
 we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to
be a part of the ordinary course of our business.&nbsp;



    
    


Not
applicable.



    
    


PART
II



    
Market Price
    of and Dividends on the Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.


Market
Information

Since
May 24
 2017
 our common stock has been on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Prior thereto
 our common stock was quoted on the OTCQX
tier of the over-the counter market maintained by OTC Markets Group
 Inc. The trading price of our common stock has been volatile
at times. Further
 the stock market has from time to time experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the
operating performance of particular companies. These kinds of broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price
of our common stock. For additional information
 see &ldquo;

The
following table sets forth the quarterly high and low sale prices of our common stock for the two most recent fiscal years
 as
reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market commencing on May 24
 2017 and by OTC Markets Group
 Inc. for periods prior thereto:



    
    
High
    Sale
    
    
Low
    Sale
    

    
    
Price
    ($)
    
    
Price
    ($)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




As
of March 7
 2018
 there were 62 holders of record of our common stock and in excess of 5
000 beneficial owners of our common stock.



We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock.&nbsp; We anticipate that in the future we will retain any earnings
for operation of our business.&nbsp;Accordingly
 we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future.



    
    


Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans



Plan
    category
    
Number
    of securities to
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
Number
    of securities remaining
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Equity compensation plans
    approved by security holders
    
    
5
999
968
    shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
468
136
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Equity Compensation plans not approved by security
    holders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
999
968 shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
468
136
    




    
Represents shares of common
    stock reserved for issuance under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan.


Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

Not
Applicable



    
    


Not
applicable to the Company because we are a &ldquo;



    
Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis
    of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.


You
should read the following discussion in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the corresponding notes
 the unaudited
 contains
forward-looking statements.&nbsp; The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to risk
 uncertainties
and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those made
 projected or implied in the forward-looking
&rdquo; for a discussion of the uncertainties
 risks and
assumptions associated with these statements.

Results
of Operations

Year
ended December 31
 2017 compared to year ended December 31
 2016





 2017 was $36.2 million
 compared to $22.8 million for the year
ended December 31
 2016
 an increase of 59%. This increase was driven primarily by a 72% increase in domestic revenues derived
from blended growth rates of 49% in retail accounts
 143% in health and fitness accounts and 84% growth in internet retailer accounts
as well as 37% growth in international revenues
 from 2016. International revenue growth was primarily the result of increased
sales volume through Func Foods
 our Nordic distribution
 partner as well as initial revenues generated from the launch of distribution
of our products into the Asian market.




    
    


The
following table sets forth the amount of revenues by category and changes therein for the years ended December 31
 2017 and December
31
 2016:



    
    
Year
    Ending December 31

    
    
    
    

Revenue
    Source
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Change
    &nbsp;(%)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
36
164
064
    
    
    
22
760
987
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
097
402
    
    
    
8
808
485
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
24
066
662
    
    
    
13
952
502
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
914
830
    
    
    
9
369
734
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Health and Fitness
    accounts
    
    
7
038
599
    
    
    
2
891
251
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Internet Retailer
    accounts
    
    
3
113
233
    
    
    
1
691
517
    
    
    
    
    






 or 42.7% of revenue
in the year ended December 31
 2017 compared to $9.7 million
 or 42.7% of revenue
 in 2016. The increase in gross profit from 2016
to 2017 is primarily attributable to the increases in revenue.




December 31
 2017 were $16.6 million compared to $8.7 million for the year ended December 31
 2016. The increase was due primarily
to increases in investment in sales and marketing programs of $6.7 million
 with a focus on expansion and the launch of products
into China and Hong Kong
 increases in warehouse costs of $375
000 and increases in human resource investments of $756
000. General
and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31
 2017 were $6.9 million compared to $3.9 million for the year ended
December 31
 2016. The increase from 2016 to 2017 was primarily due to increases in stock based compensation expenses of $1.2 million
investments in human resources costs of $869
000
 issuance of restricted stock for prior services to two board members of $328
000
and increases in other general and administration expenses.




000 for the
year ended December 31
 2017
 down from $223
000 in 2016 as a result of $68
000 in savings in interest expense
 which was partially
offset by a gain from the sale of equipment of $6
000 in 2016.




 for the year ended
December 31
 2017
 Celsius had a net loss of $8.2 million
 and after giving effect to preferred stock dividends of $366
000
 a
net loss to common stockholders of $8.6 million or ($0.19) per basic and diluted share based on a weighted average of 44
419
162
shares outstanding. In comparison
 for the year ended December 31
 2016 the Company had a net loss of $3.1 million
 and after giving
effect to preferred stock dividends of $366
000
 a net loss to common stockholders of $3.4 million or ($0.09) per basic and diluted
share based on a weighted average of 38
568
088 shares outstanding.



    
    


Liquidity
and Capital Resources

As
of December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
 we had cash of approximately $14.2 million and $11.7 million
 respectively and working
capital of approximately $20.6 million and $15.4 million
 respectively. Cash used in operations during the years ended December
31
 2017 and 2016
 totaled approximately $8.4 million and $2.4 million
 respectively
 reflecting increases in inventories on hand
and capital investments in sales and marketing programs and human resources initiatives.

In
addition to cash flow from operations
 our primary sources of working capital have been private placements of our securities and
our credit facility with CD Financial
&rdquo;)
 an affiliate of Carl DeSantis
 a principal shareholder
of the Company.

We
originally entered into a loan and security agreement with CD Financial in July 2010
 which provided us with a line of credit
to fund operations. As amended in connection with a private investment transaction consummated in April 2015
 the loan and security
agreement provides Celsius with a revolving line of credit pursuant to which Celsius can borrow up to an aggregate maximum of
$4.5 million from time to time until maturity in January 2020. The credit facility requires quarterly cash payments of interest
only at the rate of five percent (5%) per annum until maturity and is secured by a pledge of substantially all the Company&rsquo;s
assets. As of December 31
 2017
 the principal amount outstanding under the credit facility with CD Financial was $3.5 million.

Between
December 30
 2016 and March 14
 2017
 the Company raised an aggregate of $15.0 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate
of 4
833
329 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to 13 accredited investors.
Investors in the private placement included:

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;CD Financial (533
333 Shares);

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Charmnew Limited (800
000 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Li Ka Shing
 one of our principal shareholders;

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Grieg International Limited (533
333 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Chau Hoi Shuen Solina
 one of
our principal shareholders; and

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Nu Horizons Investment Group
 LLC (433
333 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Tim Leissner
 a retired
director and one of our principal shareholders; and Russell Simmons
 one of our principal shareholders.

Our
current operating plan for next twelve (12) months plans on a sufficient financial condition and we do not contemplate obtaining
additional financing. However
 if our sales volumes do not meet our projections
 expenses exceed our expectations
 or our plans
change
 we may be unable to generate enough cash flow from operations to cover our working capital requirements. In such case
we may be required to adjust our business plan
 by reducing marketing and other expenses or seek additional financing. There can
be no assurance that such financing
 if required
 will be available on commercially reasonable terms if at all.

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements

As
of December 31
 2017
 we had no off-balance sheet arrangements.



Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.


Not
applicable.



    
    




Item
    8.
Financial Statements
    and Supplementary Data


The
&rdquo; are attached
to this Report.



    
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
    on Accounting and Financial Disclosure


D&rsquo;Arelli
Pruzansky
&rdquo;)
 which served as the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm
with respect to Celsius&rsquo; financial statements as at and for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 notified the
Company on May 15
 2017
 that it had merged with Assurance Dimensions
&rdquo;)
 effective May 3
 2017.
ADI is the surviving firm and shall continue to practice under that name. Accordingly
 ADI was engaged as our independent registered
public accounting firm effective May 15
&rdquo;)
 which engagement was approved by the
audit committee of our board of directors effective as of the Engagement Date.

DPP&rsquo;s
report on the Celsius&rsquo; financial statements as at and for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 did not contain any
adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principles.
During the two-year period ended December 31
 2016 and the subsequent period through the date of filing of this report
 (i)&nbsp;there
have been no disagreements with DPP
 whether or not resolved
 on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement
disclosure
 or auditing scope or procedure
 which
 if not resolved to the satisfaction of DPP
 would have caused DPP to make reference
to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its reports; (ii)&nbsp;no such disagreement was discussed with the
audit committee of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors or with our board of directors as a whole; and (iii)&nbsp;there have
been no &ldquo;

Prior
to the Engagement Date
 neither the Company nor anyone on behalf of the Company consulted ADI regarding either (i)&nbsp;the application
of accounting principles to a specified transaction
 either completed or contemplated
 or the type of audit opinion that might
be rendered on the financial statements of the Company
 and no written or oral advice of ADI was provided with respect to any
accounting
 auditing
 or financial reporting issue; or (ii)&nbsp;any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement of the
&rdquo; described in Item&nbsp;304(a)(1)(v)
of Regulation S-K.



Item
    9A.
Controls and
    Procedures.


Disclosure
controls and procedures

Our
Interim President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (a single individual)
 conducted an evaluation of
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act
 as of December 31
 2017
 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed
or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in
the rules and forms adopted by the SEC
 including to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed
or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Interim President and
Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial and accounting
officer)
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based
on that evaluation
 our Interim President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December
31
 2017
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

Our
Interim President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer do not expect that our disclosure controls or internal
controls will prevent all error and all fraud. Although our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable
assurance of achieving their objectives and our principal executive officer has determined that our disclosure controls and procedures
are effective at doing so
 a control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
assurance that the objectives of the system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented if
there exists in an individual a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions.



    
    


Management&rsquo;s
report on internal control over financial reporting

Our
management of is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by
or under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s principal executive and financial officers and effected by the Company&rsquo;s
board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and includes those policies and procedures that:



    
    
Pertain to the maintenance
    of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
    Company&#894;

    
    
    



    
    
Provide reasonable
    assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
    accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
    of management and directors of the Company&#894; and




    
    




    
    
Provide reasonable
    assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Our
Interim President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as of December 31
 2017. Based on that evaluation
 our Interim
President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31
 2017
 our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Changes
in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

There
were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended December
31
 2017
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.



Item
    9B.
    






    
    


PART
III



    
Directors
 Executive
    Officers and Corporate Governance.


Directors
and Executive Officers

The
following sets forth the name of each of our directors and executive officers and their positions with Celsius. The address for
each of such individuals is c/o Celsius
 2424 N Federal Highway
 Boca Raton
 Florida 33431.



    
    
    
    
Position
    with the Company

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Interim President
    and Chief Executive Officer; Chief Financial Officer; Director

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


John
Fieldly 
Fieldly joined the Company from Oragenics
 Inc.
 where he served as corporate controller from April 2010 until January 2012. Effective
March 1
 2017
 Mr. Fieldly was appointed to serve as Interim President and Chief Executive Officer upon the retirement of Gerry
David from those positions
 pending the board of directors identifying and retaining a permanent replacement for Mr. David.

Nicholas
Castaldo
Marketing Officer of Anthony&rsquo;s Coal Fired Pizza
 Inc.
 a Florida based chain of casual dining restaurants.

Kevin
Harrington 
and direct marketing
 being one of the first to market products through infomercials. Since 2005
 he has been Chief Executive
Officer of Harrington Business Development
 Inc.
 a privately-held consulting firm. A serial entrepreneur
 Mr. Harrington appeared
as one of the original panelists on the ABC television program
.&rdquo; He currently also serves as Chairman
of the Board of As Seen On TV
 Inc.
 a public company which focuses on marketing products through infomercials and other direct
marketing.

Hal
Kravitz 
 Mr. Kravitz has served as Chief Executive Officer
of AQUAhydrate
 Inc.
 a company engaged in the manufacture
 distribution and marketing of bottled water. He also served as a consultant
to AQUAhydrate from August to November 2014 and in 2013
 Mr. Kravitz helped form InterContinental Beverage Capital
 a New York-based
merchant bank focused on investments in the beverage industry. For over thirty (30) years prior thereto
 Mr. Kravitz served as
an executive officer and in other management positions in various units of the Coca-Cola system

Chris
Lai 
 he has served as a Project Manager for Horizon Ventures
&rdquo;)
 a Hong Kong based private investment fund. From April 2011 to September 2012
Mr. Lai was an analyst with Mooreland Partners
 LLC
 another private investment concern. Mr. Lai joined the board as one of two
designees of an investor group led by Horizon Ventures
 which at that time had the right to designate two members of the board
of directors pursuant to an Investors&rsquo; Rights Agreement entered into in April 2015.



    
    


Thomas
E. Lynch
 2009. For over forty (40) years
 Mr. Lynch has served as President
of the Plastridge Agency
 Inc.
 a five-office insurance agency based in Delray Beach
 Florida
 which traces its origins to 1919.
He also serves as a director of First United Bancorp
 Inc.

William
H. Milmoe 
 Mr. Milmoe has served as President of CDS
International Holdings
 Inc.
 a privately-held holding company based in Boca Raton
 Florida
 which oversees the business investments
and holdings of Carl De Santis
 one of our principal shareholders.

Terms
of Directors and Executive Officers

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders and until their successors
are appointed and qualified
 or until their removal
 resignation
 or death.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Family
Relationships

There
are no familial relationships among our officers and directors.

Board
Committees and Independence

Our
board of directors has established three standing committees
 an audit committee
 a compensation committee and a nominating and
corporate governance committee. The audit committee currently consists of Messrs. Lynch
 Kravitz and Milmoe
 the compensation
committee currently consists of Messrs. Kravitz
 Castaldo and Harrington and the nominating and corporate governance committee
currently consists of Messrs. Milmoe
&rdquo;
within the meaning of the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market.

In
addition
 we believe each of Messrs. Lynch
 Kravitz
&rdquo;
as the term is defined by the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards
 based
on their respective business professional experience in the financial and accounting fields. At the time of the listing of our
common stock for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market
 we will be required to certify to the Nasdaq Stock Market
 that our audit
committee has
 and will continue to have
 at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting
 requisite
professional certification in accounting
 or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual&rsquo;s
financial sophistication.

Audit
Committee

The
audit committee assists our board of directors in its oversight of the company&rsquo;s accounting and financial reporting processes
and the audits of the company&rsquo;s financial statements
 including (i) the quality and integrity of the company&rsquo;s financial
statements
 (ii) the company&rsquo;s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
 (iii) the independent auditors&rsquo;
qualifications and independence and (iv) the performance of our company&rsquo;s internal audit functions and independent auditors
as well as other matters which may come before it as directed by the board of directors. Further
 the audit committee
 to the
extent it deems necessary or appropriate
 among its several other responsibilities
 shall:



    
    
be responsible
    for the appointment
 compensation
 retention
 termination and oversight of the work of any independent auditor engaged for
    the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit
 review or attest services for our company;




    
    




    
    
discuss
    the annual audited financial statements and the quarterly unaudited financial statements with management and the independent
    auditor prior to their filing with the SEC in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q;




    
    
review
    with the company&rsquo;s financial management on a period basis (a) issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement
    presentations
 including any significant changes in our company&rsquo;s selection or application of accounting principles
    and (b) the effect of any regulatory and accounting initiatives
 as well as off-balance sheet structures
 on the financial
    statements of our company;




    
    
monitor
    our Company&rsquo;s policies for compliance with federal
 state
 local and foreign laws and regulations and our company&rsquo;s
    policies on corporate conduct;




    
    
maintain
    open
 continuing and direct communication between the board of directors
 the audit committee and our independent auditors;
    and




    
    
monitor
    our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and shall have the authority to initiate any special investigations
    of conflicts of interest
 and compliance with federal
 state and local laws and regulations
 including the Foreign Corrupt
    Practices Act
 as may be warranted.


Mr.
Lynch is the chairman of our audit committee.

Compensation
Committee

The
compensation committee aids our board of directors in meeting its responsibilities relating to the compensation of our company&rsquo;s
executive officers and to administer all incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans of the company
 including the plans
under which company securities may be acquired by directors
 executive officers
 employees and consultants. Further
 the compensation
committee
 to the extent it deems necessary or appropriate
 among its several other responsibilities
 shall:



    
    
review
    periodically our company&rsquo;s philosophy regarding executive compensation to (i) ensure the attraction and retention of
    corporate officers; (ii) ensure the motivation of corporate officers to achieve our company&rsquo;s business objectives
 and
    (iii) align the interests of key management with the long-term interests of our company&rsquo;s shareholders;

    
    
    



    
                          
    
review
    and approve corporate goals and objectives relating to Chief Executive Officer compensation and other executive officers of
    Celsius;

    
    
    



    
    
make
    recommendations to the board of directors regarding compensation for non-employee directors
 and review periodically non-employee
    director compensation in relation to other comparable companies and in light of such factors as the compensation committee
    may deem appropriate; and

    
    
    



    
    
review
    periodically reports from management regarding funding our company&rsquo;s pension
 retirement
 long-term disability and other
    management welfare and benefit plans.


Mr.
Kravitz is the chairman of our compensation committee.

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee

The
nominating and corporate governance committee recommends to the board of directors individuals qualified to serve as directors
and on committees of the board of directors to advise the board of directors with respect to the board of directors composition
procedures and committees to develop and recommend to the board of directors a set of corporate governance principles applicable
to the Company; and to oversee the evaluation of the board of directors and Celsius&rsquo; management.



    
    


Further
the nominating and corporate governance committee
 to the extent it deems necessary or appropriate
 among its several other responsibilities
shall:



    
    
recommend
    to the board of directors and for approval by a majority of independent directors for election by shareholders or appointment
    by the board of directors as the case may be
 pursuant to our bylaws and consistent with the board of director&rsquo;s evidence
    for selecting new directors;

    
    
    



    
    
review
    the suitability for continued service as a director of each member of the board of directors when his or her term expires
    or when he or she has a significant change in status;

    
    
    



    
    
review
    annually the composition of the board of directors and to review periodically the size of the board of directors;

    
    
    



    
    
make
    recommendations on the frequency and structure of board of directors meetings or any other aspect of procedures of the board
    of directors;

    
    
    



    
    
make
    recommendations regarding the chairmanship and composition of standing committees and monitor their functions;

    
    
    



    
    
review
    annually committee assignments and chairmanships;

    
    
    



    
    
recommend
    the establishment of special committees as may be necessary or desirable from time to time; and

    
    
    



    
    
develop
    and review periodically corporate governance procedures and consider any other corporate governance issue.


Messrs.
Milmoe and Leissner are the co-chairman of our nominating and corporate governance committee.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our
common stock (collectively
&rdquo;) to report their ownership of and transactions in our common
stock to the SEC. Copies of these reports are also required to be supplied to us. To our knowledge
 based on our review of such
reports
 during the year ended December 31
 2017 the Reporting Persons complied with all applicable Section 16(a) reporting requirements.

Code
of Ethics

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers
 directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies
the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. This document will be made available in print
 free
of charge
 to any shareholder requesting a copy in writing from our Secretary at our executive offices in Boca Raton
 Florida.
A copy of our code of ethics is available on our website at 

Board
of Directors Role in Risk Oversight

Members
of the board of directors have periodic meetings with management and the Company&rsquo;s independent auditors to perform risk
oversight with respect to the Company&rsquo;s internal control processes. The Company believes that the board&rsquo;s role in
risk oversight does not materially affect the leadership structure of the Company



    
    




    
    


Summary
Compensation Table

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning the compensation paid to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer
 who are our two executive officers
 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.



Name
    and Principal Position
    
    
    
Salary
    ($)
    
Bonus
    ($)
    
Stock
    Awards (#)
    
Other
    ($)
    
Total
    ($)

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

John
    Fieldly
 Interim CEO
 CFO
    
    
    
    
    
375
000
    
    
214
688
    
    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
589
688
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
174
370
    
    
42
371
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
216
741
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Gerry
    David
 CEO
    
    
    
    
    
39
630
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
700
    
    
41
330
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
237
780
    
    
52
789
    
    
100
000
    
    
10
200
    
    
300
769
    


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr.
David retired as an executive officer of the Company effective March 1
 2017
 whereupon Mr. Fieldly assumed Mr. David&rsquo;s
positions on an interim basis.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Represents
stock options granted under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan to purchase 100
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.48
per share. The options vest in three annual installments commencing one year from the date of grant
 subject to continued employment
and expire ten (10) years from the date of grant. In addition
 a 100
000 share restricted stock award was granted to Mr. Fieldly
subject to a vesting schedule in three annual installments commencing one year from the date of grant.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Represents
stock options granted under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan to purchase 100
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.97
per share. The options vest in three annual installments commencing one year from the date of grant
 subject to continued employment
and expire ten (10) years from the date of grant. In connection with Mr. David&rsquo;s retirement in March 2017
 vesting of his
stock options was accelerated.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Represents
housing allowances.

In
addition
 executive officers are entitled to participate in benefit plans maintained for employees of the Company generally.

Employment
and Consulting Agreements

On
January 26
 2017
 effective retroactive to January 1
 2017
 we entered into a new three-year employment agreement with John Fieldly
our Chief Financial Officer. The employment agreement provides for a base annual salary of $225
000
 eligibility for performance-based
incentive bonuses
 pursuant to such criteria as may be established by our compensation committee and the grant of options to be
effective as of January 26
o purchase 100
000 shares of our common
stock. the employment agreement also provides for (a) severance payments equal to (i) two months&rsquo; salary in the event of
termination upon death; and (ii) six months&rsquo; salary and continued benefits for such period in the event of termination other
&rdquo; payment in an amount
change
in control



    
    


In
connection with his appointment to serve in the additional capacities of Interim President and Chief Executive Officer
 effective
March 1
 2017
 the Company entered into an addendum to the employment agreement
 increasing Mr. Fieldly&rsquo;s Base Salary by
$15
000 per month during the period he serves in such additional capacities and granted him a 100
000 share restricted stock award
under the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan.

In
connection with Gerry David&rsquo;s retirement as our President and Chief Executive Officer
 the Company entered into a consulting
agreement with Mr. David effective March 1
 2017. The consulting agreement
 which was approved by our compensation committee and
our board of directors provides for
 among other matters
 Mr. David to receive (i) a consulting fee of $20
000 per month through
December 2017; (ii) a one -time bonus for services rendered of $415
000
 $300
000 of which Mr. David has agreed to apply to the
exercise of options to purchase our common stock previously granted to him; (iii) acceleration of the vesting of certain of those
options; (iv) and continuation of certain fringe benefits through the term of the consulting agreement
 which expires on December
31
 2017. The consulting agreement also contains mutual release
 confidentiality
 non-competition
 non-solicitation and non-disparagement
provisions.

Compensation
of Directors Table

The
following table summarizes all compensation paid to our directors for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Paid
    in
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(#)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
97
126
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
97
126
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
000
    




    
    
Represents
    options to purchase 50
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.48 per share granted under our 2015 Incentive
    Stock Plan. In addition
 Thomas E. Lynch and William H. Milmoe received 47
126 shares each of restricted common stock for
    services previously rendered to Celsius.


Narrative
Disclosure to the Director Compensation Table

Our
non-employee directors will be compensated with options to purchase common stock or awards of common stock as determined by the
compensation committee. Non-employee directors are also reimbursed for out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with attending
meetings.



    
    


Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End

The
following table sets forth information with respect to stock awards and grants of options to purchase our common stock outstanding
to the named executive officers at December 31
 2017.



    
    
Number
    of securities
    
    
    
Number
    of securities underlying
    
    
Weighted
    average
    
    
    

    
    
Options
    (#)
    
    
unexercised
    unearned options
    
    
option
    exercise price
    
    
Option
    expiration

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

John Fieldly Interim CEO
 CFO
    
    
443
333
    
    
    
196
666
    
    
    
196
666
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
Represents
    grants of stock options under our Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan and 2015 Incentive Stock Plan.



    
    
    

Amended
2006 Incentive Stock Plan

In
January 2007
 we adopted our 2006 Incentive Stock Plan
 which was amended in July 2009. The Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan
provided for equity incentives to be granted to our employees
 officers or directors or to key advisers or consultants. Equity
incentives may be in the form of stock options with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the underlying shares
as determined pursuant to the Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock awards
 stock bonus
awards
 other stock-based awards
 or any combination of the foregoing. The Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan is administered by
the compensation committee of the board of directors. Options to purchase 3
776
113 shares of common stock are outstanding under
the 2006 Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan as of the date of this Report. The Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan (but not award
thereunder) expired in January 2017.

2015
Incentive Stock Plan

Our
2015 Incentive Stock Plan
 adopted in April 2015
 provides for equity incentives to be granted to our employees
 executive officers
or directors or to key advisers or consultants. Equity incentives may be in the form of stock options with an exercise price not
less than the fair market value of the underlying shares as determined pursuant to the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan
 restricted stock
awards
 other stock based awards
 or any combination of the foregoing. The 2015 Incentive Stock Plan is administered by the compensation
committee of the board of directors. 5
999
968 shares of our common stock are currently reserved for issuance pursuant to the
exercise of awards under the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan. The number of shares so reserved automatically adjusts upward on January
1 of each year
 so that the number of shares covered by the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan is equal to 15% of our then issued and outstanding
common stock. Stock option and awards to purchase an aggregate of 2
531
832 shares of our common stock are outstanding under the
2015 Incentive Stock Plan as of the date of this Report.

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation





    
    




    
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
    Owners and Management.


The
following table sets forth
 as of the date of this Report
 the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each executive officer
and director
 by each person known by us to beneficially own 5% or more of our common stock and by executive officers and directors
as a group.&nbsp;&nbsp;The address of the each of the executive officers and directors set forth in the table is c/o the Company
2424 North Federal Highway
 Suite 208
 Boca Raton
 Florida 33431.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
of&nbsp;common&nbsp;stock
    
    
    
    
Percentage&nbsp;of&nbsp;class
    (%)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

John
    Fieldly
    
    
573
333
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
233
333
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
83
333
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
233
333
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
76
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
230
459
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
21
079
653
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

all officers
    and directors as a group (seven (7) persons)
    
    
22
510
113
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Other 5% or
    greater shareholders:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
20
848
694
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

3161 Jasmine
    Drive 
    Delray Beach
 Florida 33483
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
710
113
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

7/F Cheung Kong
    Center 
    2 Queen&rsquo;s Road Central 
    Hong Kong
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Solina Chau Hoi
    Shuen 
    House 4 
    2 Island Road
 
    Hong Kong.
    
    
5
376
030
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Russell
Simmons&nbsp;
512
Seventh Avenue
 43
New
York
 NY 10018&nbsp;
    
    
3
972
659
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Tim
Leissner&nbsp;
512
Seventh Avenue
 43
New
        York
 NY 10018
        
    
    
4
019
326
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


*&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Less
than 1%

The
persons named above have full voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated.&nbsp;&nbsp;Under the rules of
the SEC
&rdquo; of a security if he or she
 directly
or indirectly
 has or shares the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security
 or the power to dispose of or to direct
the disposition of such security.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
 more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same
security.



    
    


(1)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Includes
shares of our common stock that are issuable upon exercise of stock options or conversion of preferred stock as of the date of
this registration statement or within sixty (60) days thereafter.

(2)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Represents
shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options.

(3)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Represents
shares of common stock held by Nu Horizons Investment Group
 LLC over which Messrs. Leissner and Simmons share voting and dispositive
power.

(4)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Represents
(a) 47
626 shares of common stock held of record by Mr. Milmoe; (b) 183
333 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock
options; (c) 8
554
289 shares of common stock held of record by CDS Ventures
&rdquo;); (d) 5
313
462
shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred C Shares held of record by CDS Ventures; (e) 2
329
781 shares of
common stock held of record by CD Financial
; and (f) 4
651
163 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred D
Shares held of record by CD Financial. Mr. Milmoe and Carl DeSantis share voting power with respect to shares of common stock
beneficially owned by CDS Ventures and CD Financial. Mr. Milmoe does not have dispositive power with respect to such shares.

(5)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Includes
(a) the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options held and the conversion of preferred stock beneficially
owned by Mr. Milmoe as set forth in footnote (4) above; and (b) 1
566
666 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of
stock options held by the Company&rsquo;s other officers and directors.

(6)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Represents
(a) 8
554
289 shares of common stock held of record by CDS Ventures; (b) 5
313
462 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of Preferred C Shares held of record by CDS Ventures; (c) 2
329
781 shares of common stock held of record by CD Financial; and
(d) 4
651
163 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred D Shares held of record by CD Financial. Voting power
of shares of common stock beneficially owned by CDS Ventures and CD Financial is shared by Mr. DeSantis and William H. Milmoe.
Mr. De Santis has sole dispositive power with respect to such shares

(7)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Represents
shares of common stock held of record by Charmnew Limited
 over which shares Mr. Li has voting and dispositive power.

(8)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Represents
shares of common stock held of record by Grieg International Limited and Oscar Time Limited
 over which shares Ms. Chau has voting
and dispositive power

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans



Plan
    category
    
Number
    of securities to
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
Number
    of securities remaining
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Equity compensation plans
    approved by security holders
    
    
4
602
502
    shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
468
136
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Equity Compensation plans not approved by security
    holders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
602
502 shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
468
136
    




    
Represents shares of common
    stock reserved for issuance under our Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan and our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan.




    
    




    
Certain Relationships
    and Related Transactions.


Lease
of Executive Offices

The
Company&rsquo;s executive offices located at 2424 N Federal Highway
 Boca Raton
 Florida 33431 are leased from a company affiliated
with CD Financial. The lease expires in October 2020 and provides for monthly rent of $8
809. We believe that the monthly rent
is commensurate with other properties available in the market.

Loan
and Security Agreement with CD Financial

We
originally entered into a loan and security agreement with CD Financial in July 2010
 which provided us with a line of credit
to fund operations. As amended in connection with a private investment transaction consummated in April 2015
 the loan and security
agreement provides Celsius with a revolving line of credit pursuant to which Celsius can borrow up to an aggregate maximum of
$4.5 million from time to time until maturity in January 2020. The credit facility requires quarterly cash payments of interest
only at the rate of five percent (5%) per annum until maturity and is secured by a pledge of substantially all the Company&rsquo;s
assets. As of December 31
 2017
 the principal amount outstanding under the credit facility with CD Financial was $3.5 million.

Private
Offering

Between
December 30
 2016 and March 14
 2017
 the Company raised an aggregate of $15.0 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate
of 4
833
329 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to 13 accredited investors.
Investors in the private placement included:

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CD Financial (533
333 Shares);

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Charmnew Limited (800
000 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Li Ka Shing
 one of our principal shareholders;

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Grieg International Limited (533
333 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Chau Hoi Shuen Solina
 one of
our principal shareholders;

&#9679;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Nu Horizons Investment Group
 LLC (433
333 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Tim Leissner
 a retired
director and one of our principal shareholders; and Russell Simmons
 one of our principal shareholders.




Approval
of Related Party Transactions

All
related party transactions are subject to the review
 approval or ratification of our board of directors or an appropriate committee
thereof.



    
    




Item
    14.
Principal Accountant
    Fees and Services.


Audit
Fees

The
following is a summary of the fees billed to us by D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. and Assurance Dimensions
 P.A. for professional
services rendered for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.



    
    
Year
    ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
87
000
    
    
    
88
075
    

    
    
    
8
000
    
    
    
3
000
    

    
    
    
1
000
    
    
    
3
000
    


Audit
fees consist of billings for the audit of the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements included in the Company&rsquo;s
Registration Statement on Form 10
 our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and reviews of the consolidated financial statements included
in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.

Audit-related
fees include billing related to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form 10
 which was filed in July 2016.

The
&rdquo; directors. It is the Company&rsquo;s policy to have
its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer preapprove all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the
independent public accountants
 subject to approval by the audit committee. These services may include audit
 audit-related
 tax
and other services. Pre-approval is generally for up to one year
 is detailed as to the particular service or category of services
and is generally subject to a specific budget. Unless there are significant variations from the pre-approved services and fees
the independent public accountants and management generally are not required to formally report to the audit committee regarding
actual services and related fees.



    
Financial Statements
    and Exhibits

    
    



    
    
The following documents are filed as part of
    this Report:

    
    
    



    
    
 The following
    consolidated financial statements and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm

    8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

    
    
    



Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance
    Sheets as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements
    of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements
    of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements
    of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements
    of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Notes to Consolidated
    Financial Statements
    

    
    



    
    
Financial Statement
    Schedules.


Financial
Statement Schedules are omitted because the information required is not applicable or the required information is shown in the
financial statements or notes thereto.



    
    
    



    
    





Exhibit
    No.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Articles of Incorporation
 as amended*

    
    
    

    
    
Bylaws
 as amended*

    
    
    

    
    
Loan and Security Agreement with CD Financial
    LLC
 as amended*

    
    
    

    
    
Investors&rsquo; Rights Agreement dated April
    20
 2015*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
    Charter*

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement effective January 1
 2016
    with Gerry David*

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement effective January 1
 2016
    with John Fieldly*

    
    
    

    
    
Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated April
    20
 2015*

    
    
    

    
    
Consulting Agreement effective March 1
 2017 between the Company and Gerry David

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement effective January 1
 2017 between the Company and John Fieldly

    
    
    

    
    
Addendum to Employment Agreement effective March 1
 2017 between the Company and John Fieldly

    
    
    

    
    
Letter from D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A***

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Management
compensation plan or arrangement.

*Previously
filed as an Exhibit of the same number to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form 10 and incorporated herein by reference.

**Previously
filed as an Exhibit of the same number to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 27
 2017 and incorporated
herein by reference.

***Previously
filed as an Exhibit of the same number to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15
 2017 and incorporated herein
by reference.

****Filed
herewith.&nbsp;



    
    




In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this registration statement
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



Date: &nbsp;March 8
 2018
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
/s/ John
    Fieldly

    
    
John Fieldly
 Interim President and Chief Executive
    Officer; Chief Financial Officer

    
    
(Principal Executive Financial and Accounting
    Officer)


In
accordance with the Exchange Act
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
/s/&nbsp;John
    Fieldly
    
Interim
    President and Chief Executive Officer;
    
March
    8
 2018

    
John
    Fieldly
    
Chief Financial
    Officer and Director
    
    

    
    
    
(Principal Executive
    Financial and Accounting Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
/s/
    Nicholas Castaldo
    
    
    
March
    8
 2018

    
&nbsp;Nicholas
    Castaldo
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
/s/
    Kevin Harrington
    
    
    
March
    8
 2018

    
&nbsp;Kevin
    Harrington
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
/s/
    Hal Kravitz
    
    
    
March
    8
 2018

    
&nbsp;Hal
    Kravitz
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
/s/
    Chris Lai 
    
    
    
March
    8
 2018

    
Chris
    Lai&nbsp;
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
/s/
    Thomas E. Lynch
    
    
    
March
    8
 2018

    
Thomas
    E. Lynch
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
/s/
    William H. Milmoe
    
    
    
March
    8
 2018

    
William
    H. Milmoe
    
    
    
    




    
    


INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

    
    




    
    





REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and
Stockholders of Celsius Holdings
 Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet of Celsius Holdings
 Inc (the Company) as of December 31
 2017 and the
related Consolidated Statement of Operations
 Comprehensive Income
 Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
 and Cash Flows for
the year ended December 31
 2017
 and the related Notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion
the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2017
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2017
 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audit
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

The
financial statements as of December 31
 2016
 were audited by D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A.
 who sold its audit practice to Assurance
Dimensions
 Inc. as of May 3
 2017
 and whose report dated March 30
 2017
 expressed an unmodified opinion on those statements

/s/
Assurance Dimensions

Coconut
Creek
 Florida&nbsp;
March
8
 2018

We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2017



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc. 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
14
186
624
11
747
138


 net
6
375
658
2
787
732


 net
5
305
505
2
211
370

    
1
180
444
937
349

    
27
048
231
17
683
589

    
    
    


 net
62
642
33
533

    
27
110
873
17
717
122

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
311
824
1
754
207

    
133
883
353
666

    
17
921
214
612

    
6
463
628
2
322
485

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
500
000
4
500
000

    
9
963
628
6
822
485

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 2
500
000 shares authorized
 6
760 and 6
380 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
 respectively
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized
 45
701
593 and 39
999
784 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
 respectively
45
702
40
000

    
79
101
824
64
208
963

    
(39
378
    

    
(61
960
910
(53
354
332

    
17
147
245
10
894
637

    
27
110
873
17
717
122


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc. 

Consolidated
Statements of Operations



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
36
164
064
22
760
987

    
20
733
387
13
031
153

    
15
430
677
9
729
834

    
    
    

    
16
611
369
8
675
763

    
6
899
275
3
899
031

    
23
510
644
12
574
794

    
    
    

    
(8
079
967
(2
844
960

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(160
616
(228
750

    
    
6
095

    
(160
616
(222
655

    
    
    

    
(8
240
583
(3
067
615

    
    
    

    
(365
995
(366
154

    
(8
606
578
(3
433
769

    
    
    

    
44
419
162
38
568
088


 basic and diluted
    
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc. 
Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income 

For
the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016



    
    

    



    
    
    


 as reported
(8
606
578
(3
433
769

    
    
    

    
(39
378
    

    
    
    

    
(8
645
956
(3
433
769


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.

Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity 

For
the Years Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Preferred
    Stock
Common
    Stock
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
Income
    (Loss)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    at December 31
 2015
6
380
    
38
380
380
38
380
58
626
212
    
(49
920
563
8
744
035

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock
    pursuant to private placement
    
    
1
333
333
1
334
3
998
666
    
    
4
000
000

Issuance of common stock
    in exchange of service
    
    
250
000
    
559
750
    
    
560
000

Issuance of common stock
    pursuant to exercise of stock options
    
    
36
071
    
5
290
    
    
5
326

    
    
    
    
    
1
019
045
    
    
1
019
045

Preferred stock dividend
    &ndash; other
    
    
    
    
    
    
(366
154
(366
154

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
067
615
(3
067
615

Balance
    at December 31
 2016
6
380
    
39
999
784
40
000
64
208
963
    
(53
354
332
10
894
637

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock
    pursuant to private placement
    
    
3
333
329
3
333
9
996
615
    
    
9
999
948

Issuance of common stock
    in exchange of service
    
    
94
252
    
327
903
    
    
327
997

Issuance of common stock
    pursuant to exercise of stock options
    
    
1
940
895
1
942
944
633
    
    
946
575

Issuance of common stock
    in exchange of convertible note
    
    
333
333
    
999
666
    
    
999
999

Issuance of preferred
    stock for conversion of accrued dividends
    
    
    
    
382
999
    
    
383
000

    
    
    
    
    
2
241
045
    
    
2
241
045

Foreign currency translation
    loss
    
    
    
    
    
(39
378
    
(39
378

Preferred stock dividend
    &ndash; other
    
    
    
    
    
    
(365
995
(365
995

Net
    loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
(8
240
583
(8
240
583

Balance
    at December 31
 2017
6
760
    
45
701
593
45
702
79
101
824
(39
378
(61
960
910
17
147
245



The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc. 
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows



    
    

    





    
    
    

    
(8
240
583
(3
067
615

    
    
    

    
20
425
16
951

    
    
(6
095

    
327
997
    

    
2
241
045
1
579
045

    
    
    


 net
(3
587
926
(660
673

    
(3
094
135
111
534

    
(243
095
(271
082

    
4
557
616
(51
697

    
(202
778
(203
335

    
(196
691
189
555

    
(8
418
125
(2
363
412

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(49
534
(30
830

    
    
7
760

    
(49
534
(23
070

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
9
999
948
4
000
000

    
946
575
5
300

    
10
946
523
4
005
300

    
    
    

    
(39
378
    

    
    
    

    
2
439
486
1
618
818

    
    
    

    
11
747
138
10
128
320

    
    
    

    
14
186
624
11
747
138

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
160
855
113
750

    
202
778
152
223

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
163
216
154
269


 related party
999
999
    

    
383
000
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc. 
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2017 and 2016



    
    


Business

&rdquo;) was incorporated
under the laws of the State of Nevada on April 26
 2005. On January 24
 2007
 the Company entered into a merger agreement and
plan of reorganization with Elite FX
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 Elite FX
 Inc. was
merged into the Company&rsquo;s subsidiary
 Celsius
 Inc. and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company on January 26
 2007.
In addition
 on March 28
 2007 the Company established Celsius Netshipments
 Inc. a Florida corporation as two subsidiaries of
the Company. On February 7
 2017
 the Company established Celsius Asia Holdings Limited a Hong Kong corporation as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. On February 7
 2017 Celsius China Holdings Limited a Hong Kong corporation became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Celsius Asia Holdings Limited and on May 9
 2017
 Celsius Asia Holdings Limited established Celsius (Beijing) Beverage Limited
a China corporation as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celsius Asia Holdings Limited.

Since
the merger
 the Company is engaged in the development
 marketing
&rdquo; calorie-burning
fitness beverages under the Celsius&reg; brand name.



    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (&ldquo;US GAAP&rdquo;).

Consolidation
Policy
 Inc. and its subsidiaries.
All material inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Significant
Estimates
accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts
reserves for inventory obsolescence
 the useful lives and values of property
 fixtures and equipment
 valuation of stock based
compensation
 and deferred tax asset valuation allowance.

Segment
Reporting 
 separate segment data has not been presented
as they meet the criteria for aggregation as permitted by ASC Topic 280
 Segment Reporting
 (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 131
 

Our
chief operating decision-maker is considered to be our Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The CEO reviews financial information presented
on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing financial performance. The financial information
reviewed by the CEO is identical to the information presented in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Therefore
the Company has determined that it operates in a single operating segment. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 all
material assets and revenues of the Company were in the United States except as disclosed in Note 2.



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31
 2017



    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


Concentrations
of Risk

The
Company uses single supplier relationships for its raw materials purchases and filling capacity
 which potentially subjects the
Company to a concentration of business risk. If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to
the Company
 operations could be adversely affected.

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
and accounts receivable. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality financial institutions. At times
balances in the Company&rsquo;s cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31
 2017
the Company had approximately $14 million in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit.

At
December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of revenue with its customers:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


At
December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its
customers:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


*Revenues
and receivables from customer A are derived from a customer located in Sweden. Revenues from all other customers were mainly derived
from the United States.

Cash
Equivalents
to be cash equivalents. At December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
 the Company did not have any investments with maturities of
three months or less.

Accounts
Receivable
accounts based upon factors pertaining to the credit risk of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. Delinquent
accounts are written-off when it is determined that the amounts are uncollectible. At December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
there was an allowance for doubtful accounts of $33
100 and $72
300
 respectively.



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc. 

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31
 2017



    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


Inventories

using the FIFO method. Inventories consist of raw materials and finished products. The Company write offs against inventory during
the period in which such materials and products are no longer usable or marketable. In 2017 and 2016
 the Company recorded a write
off of $36
300 and $201
000
 respectively. The write offs are included in cost of revenue. Free Samples are recorded as cost of
sales.

Property
and Equipment
of property and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset generally ranging
from three to seven years.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets
 &ldquo;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&rdquo; the Company reviews
the carrying value of intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured
by comparison of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If
such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount
of the property
 if any
 exceeds its fair value.

Revenue
Recognition
exists
 the products are delivered
 sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Any discounts
slotting fees
 sales incentives or similar arrangements with the customer are estimated at time of sale and deducted from revenue.

Deferred
Revenue 
production runs. Such amounts are initially recorded as deferred revenue. The Company recognizes such revenue as it is earned
in accordance with revenue recognition policies.

Advertising
Costs
 local sampling events
 sponsorships
endorsements
 and digital advertising. The Company incurred advertising expense of approximately $6.8 million and $4.3 million
during year ending December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Research
and Development
consist primarily of consulting fees
 raw material usage and test productions of beverages. The Company incurred expenses of $210
000
and $90
000 during year ending December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Foreign
Currency Translation &mdash; 
 foreign subsidiaries&rsquo; functional currency is the local currency of operations
and the net assets of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars using current exchange rates. The U.S. dollar results
that arise from such translation
 as well as exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances of long-term investment nature
are included in Comprehensive Income. The Company incurred foreign currency translation loss of approximately $39
978 and $0 during
the twelve months ending December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
accrued expenses
 and notes payable approximates fair value due to their relative short-term maturity and market interest rates.



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31
 2017



    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


Fair
Value Measurements
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally
 ASC 820 requires the use
of valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are
prioritized below:



Level
    1:
Observable inputs
    such as quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

    
    

    
Observable market-based
    inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.

    
    

    
Unobservable inputs
    for which there is little or no market data
 which require the use of the reporting entity&rsquo;s own assumptions.


Other
than these noted previously
 the Company did not have any other assets or liabilities measured at fair value at December 31
 2017
and December 31
 2016.

Income
Taxes &mdash; 
 &ldquo;Accounting for Income
Taxes
&rdquo; which requires
 among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset
and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided
to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will
not be realized. The Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to


 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing
authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that
would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the
financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not
that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any.



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2017



    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


Income
Taxes (continued) &mdash;
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely
of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions
taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the
accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon
examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company
has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.

The


a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a
tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.
For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position
is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations
remains open.

The
Company&rsquo;s tax returns for tax years in 2014 through 2017 remain subject to potential examination by the taxing authorities.

Earnings
per Share 
number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number
of common and dilutive common share equivalents outstanding during the period. Dilutive common share equivalents consist of shares
issuable upon conversion of convertible debt
 exercise of stock options and warrants (calculated using the reverse treasury stock
method). As of December 31
 2017
 there were options outstanding to purchase 4.6 million shares
 which exercise price averaged
$1.82
 Series C Preferred Stock outstanding to convert to 5.3 million common shares at $0.52 price per share and Series D Preferred
Stock outstanding to convert to 4.7 million common shares at $0.86 price per share. There were no other dilutive common shares
equivalents
 including convertible notes and warrants
 as no common share equivalents had an exercise price below the ending closing
price of the year. The effects of dilutive instruments have not been presented as the effects would be anti-dilutive.



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
&nbsp;Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
&nbsp;December
31
 2017



    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


Share-Based
Payments 
 2006
 the Company has fully adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 718 &ldquo;Compensation
&mdash; Stock Compensation&rdquo; and related interpretations. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at
the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods
of the grants. On April 30
 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. This plan is intended to provide incentives
which will attract and retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors
providing consulting or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&rsquo;s common
stock or to receive monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant
of options and shares for up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares
included under the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1
 2016.

Cost
of Sales 
 the costs of raw materials utilized
in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound &amp; out-bound freight charges
 as well as certain
internal transfer costs
 warehouse expenses incurred prior to the manufacture of the Company&rsquo;s finished products and certain
quality control costs. Raw materials account for the largest portion of the cost of sales. Raw materials include cans
 bottles
other containers
 flavors
 ingredients and packaging materials.

Operating
Expenses 
 as well as expenses
for advertising
 samplings and in-store demonstrations costs
 costs for merchandise displays
 point-of-sale materials and premium
items
 sponsorship expenses
 other marketing expenses and design expenses. Operating expenses also include such costs as payroll
costs
 travel costs
 professional service fees (including legal fees)
 depreciation and other general and administrative costs.

Shipping
and Handling Costs 
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Freight-out expense on goods shipped for year ended December 31
2017 and 2016 was approximately $3.3 million and $2.0 million
 respectively.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

The
Company adopts all applicable
 new accounting pronouncements as of the specified effective dates.

In
August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date
 which
deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. This update is effective for public business entities
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those reporting periods. Earlier
application was permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods
within that reporting period. ASU 2014-09 was to become effective for us beginning January 2017; however
 ASU 2015-14 deferred
our effective date until January 2018
 which is when we plan to adopt this standard. The ASU permits two methods of adoption:
retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method)
 or retrospectively with the cumulative effect
of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the modified retrospective method). The ASU
also requires expanded disclosures relating to the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from
contracts with customers. Additionally
 qualitative and quantitative disclosures are required for customer contracts
 significant
judgments and changes in judgments
 and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. We have completed the
process of evaluating the effect of the adoption and determined there were no changes required to our reported revenues as a result
of the adoption. The majority of our revenue arrangements generally consist of a single performance obligation to transfer promised
goods (sales of beverages to customers). Based on our evaluation process and review of our contracts with customers
 the timing
and amount of revenue recognized based on ASU 2015-14 is consistent with our revenue recognition policy under previous guidance.
We adopted the new standard effective January 1
 2018
 using the modified retrospective approach
 and will expand our consolidated
financial statement disclosures in order to comply with the ASU. We have determined the adoption of ASU 2015-14 will not have
a material impact on our results of operations
 cash flows
 or financial position.



    
    


In
April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03
 (&ldquo;ASU 2015-03&rdquo;).
ASU 2015-03 simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs and requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt
liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability (consistent
with debt discounts). &nbsp;

In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842). The new standard establishes a right-of-use (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;)
model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer
than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense
recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including
interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and
operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial
statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company does not expect that the adoption will have a material impact
on its consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. ASU 2016-15 clarifies
the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective
for public business entities for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of ASU 2016-15 on its financial statements and
related disclosures.

In
October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16&mdash;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory.
This ASU improves the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. This
ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this ASU to have a significant impact on its consolidated financial
statements.

In
November 2016
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-18 (ASU 2016-18)
 Statement of Cash Flows: Restricted Cash. This
ASU provides guidance on the classification of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this ASU are
effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in the
ASU should be adopted on a retrospective basis. The Company does not expect that adoption of this ASU to have a material effect
on its consolidated financial statements.

In
May 2017
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2017-09; Compensation&mdash;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification
Accounting. The amendments in this ASU amends the scope of modification accounting for share-based payment arrangements
 provides
guidance on the types of changes to the terms or conditions of share-based payment awards an entity is required to apply modification
accounting under ASC 718. The amendments in this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
2017. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material effect on our consolidated financial
statements.

In
July 2017
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2017-11; Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
(Topic 480): Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features
(Part II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Non public Entities
and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Non controlling Interests with a Scope Exception. The guidance is intended to reduce the complexity
associated with issuers&rsquo; accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. Specifically
a down round feature (as defined) would no longer cause a freestanding equity-linked financial instrument (or an embedded conversion
option) to be accounted for as a derivative liability at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in current earnings.
The amendments in this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted.
We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

&nbsp;December
31
 2017



    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)


Recent
Accounting Pronouncements (continued)

In
August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15

Line-of-Credit Arrangements (Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting)
2015-15&rdquo;). ASU 2015-15 allows debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit agreements to be presented in the balance sheet
as an asset. ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 beginning after December
15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company plans to early adopt ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 as of December 31
 2017; the
adoption is not expected to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results of operations.

All
new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations
cash flows or financial position with the exception of the updated previously disclosed above
 there have been no new accounting
pronouncements not yet effective that have significance to our consolidated financial statements.

Liquidity

December 31
 2017
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $62
000
288 which includes a net loss available to common stockholders
of $8
606
578 for year ended December 31
 2017. During the twelve months ending December 31
 2017 the Company net cash used in
operating activities totaled $8
418
125. While these factors alone may raise doubt as to the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue
as a going concern
 the Company&rsquo;s sale of an aggregate of $15 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate of 4
833
329
shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to 13 accredited investors between December
30
 2016 and March 14
 2017 is deemed sufficient to alleviate substantial doubt regarding the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue
as a going concern.

Our
current operating plan for the next twelve (12) months plans on a sufficient financial condition and we do not contemplate obtaining
additional financing. However
 if our sales volumes do not meet our projections
 expenses exceed our expectations
 our plans change
we may be unable to generate enough cash flow from operations to cover our working capital requirements. In such case
 we may
be required to adjust our business plan
 by reducing marketing and other expenses or seek additional financing. There can be no
assurance that such financing
 if required
 will be available on commercially reasonable terms if at all.



    
    


Inventories
consist of the following at:



    





    
    
    

    
4
137
239
2
142
032

    
1
204
560
270
143

    
(36
294
(200
805


 net
5
305
505
2
211
370




    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2017



    
    


Prepaid
expenses and other current assets total $1
180
000 and $937
000
 at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 and consist mainly
of prepaid consulting agreement with D3M Licensing Group
 advertising
 prepaid insurance
 prepaid slotting fees
 and deposits
on purchases.



    
    


Property
and equipment consist of the following at:



    





    
    
    

    
341
159
291
626

    
(278
517
(258
093

    
62
642
33
533


Depreciation
expense amounted to $20
425 and $16
951 during year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.



    
    


Accounts
payable and accrued expenses consist of the following at:



    





    
    
    

    
3
003
086
858
131

    
3
308
738
896
076

    
6
311
824
1
754
207




    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.

&nbsp;Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
&nbsp;December
31
 2017



    
    


Deferred
revenue and other current liabilities consist of the following at:



    





    
    
    

    
    
201
652

    
17
921
12
960

    
17
921
214
612




    
    


Line
of credit note payable - related party consists of the following as of:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    


 the Company entered a line of credit note payable with a related party which carries interest of five percent per annum paid quarterly. The Company can borrow up to $9
500
000. The Company has pledged all its assets as security for the line of credit. The note matures in January 2020
 at which time the principal amount is due. During April 2015
 the Company issued $4
000
000 of convertible series D preferred series in exchange for cancellation of $4
000
000 of this line
 reducing the amount to $4
500
000. During March 2017
 the Company issued $1
000
000 of common stock in exchange for cancellation of $1
000
000 of this line
 reducing the amount to $3
500
000.
    
    

    
3
500
000
4
500
000

    
    
    




    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.

&nbsp;Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31
 2017



    
    


On
August 26
 2013
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &ldquo;2013 Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with CDS
Ventures of South Florida
 LLC (&ldquo;CDS&rdquo;) and CD Financial
 LLC (&ldquo;CD&rdquo;). CDS and CD are limited liability
companies which are affiliates of Carl DeSantis
 the Company&rsquo;s principal shareholder. The Company issued 2
200 shares of
its Series C Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;Preferred C Shares&rdquo;) in exchange for the conversion of a $550
000 short term loan
from CDS and the conversion of $1
650
000 in indebtedness under the Company&rsquo;s line of credit with CD (the &ldquo;CD Line
of Credit&rdquo;). The Preferred C Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder thereof at a conversion
price of $0.52 per share at any time until December 31
 2018
 at which time they will automatically convert into shares of our
common stock determined by dividing the liquidation preference of $1
000 per Preferred C Share by the conversion price then in
effect. The conversion price is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits and similar events. The Preferred
C Shares accrue cumulative annual dividends at the rate of 6% per annum
 payable by the issuance of additional Preferred C Shares.
The holder of Preferred C Shares votes on an &ldquo;as converted&rdquo; basis
 together with holders of common stock as a single
class on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote
 except as required by law. In April 2015
 the Company issued 180 Preferred
C Shares valued at $180
000 in settlement of $180
000 in accrued preferred C dividends. In October 2017
 the Company issued 383
Preferred C Shares valued at $383
000 in settlement of $383
000 in accrued preferred C dividends. As of December 31
 2017
 $83
000
of dividends has been accrued. The Preferred C Shares mature on December 31
 2018 and are redeemable only in exchange for shares
of Company common stock.

On
April 16
 2015
 the Company entered into an amendment to its existing Loan and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;)
with CD an affiliate of CDS Ventures and Mr. DeSantis. Pursuant to the Amendment
 the outstanding principal amount of the CD Line
of Credit was reduced by $4.0 million
 which amount was converted into 4
000 shares of a newly-designated Series D Preferred Stock
(the &ldquo;Preferred D Shares&rdquo;). This related party was given a conversion price of $0.86 per common share
 whereas other
investors purchased common shares at $0.89 in the private placement
 as discussed in note 12. The difference of $0.03 per share
which resulted in $139
535
 was recorded as a dividend in accordance with ASC 470-20-35
 subsequent measurement for debt with
conversion and other options. The Preferred D Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder thereof
at a conversion price of $0.86 per share until the earlier of the January 2
 2020 due date of our line of credit with CD Financial
&rdquo;). The conversion price
is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits and similar events. The Preferred D Shares accrue cumulative
annual cash dividends at the rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly in cash and have a liquidation preference of $1
000 per share.
On the Mandatory Redemption Date
 the Preferred D Shares automatically convert into shares of our common stock in a number determined
by dividing the $1
000 per Preferred D Share liquidation preference plus any accrued but unpaid dividends
 by the conversion price
then in effect. The Preferred D Shares may also be redeemed by us at any time on or after December 31
 2017
 at a redemption price
equal to 104% of the liquidation preference. The holder of the Preferred D Shares votes on an &ldquo;as converted&rdquo; basis
together with holders of common stock as a single class on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote
 except as required
by law. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2017
 $51
000 of dividends has been accrued regarding these shares.



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.

&nbsp;Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31
 2017



    
    


The
Company&rsquo;s office is rented from a company affiliated with CD Financial
 LLC which is controlled by one of our shareholders
Carl DeSantis. Currently
 the lease expires on October 2020 with monthly rent of $8
809. The rental fee is commensurate with other
properties available in the market.

Other
related party transactions are discussed in notes 8
 9 and 12



    
STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo;
    EQUITY 


Issuance
of common stock pursuant to services performed

In
January 2017
 the Company issued 47
&rdquo; stock to each William H. Milmoe and Thomas E.
Lynch in consideration for services previously rendered to Celsius. Total shares issued were 94
252 at a fair value of $328
000
or $3.48 per share representing the closing stock price on that date.

In
April 2016
 the Company issued a total 250
000 &ldquo;restricted&rdquo; shares of its common stock as compensation pursuant to
celebrity endorsement agreements at a fair value of $560
000
 or $2.24 per share representing the closing stock price on that
date.

Issuance
of common stock pursuant to private placement

Between
January 1
 2017 and March 2017
 the Company issued a total of 3
333
329 shares of common stock at $3.00 per share for net proceeds
of approximately $10 million to 12 accredited investors.

In
January 2017
 the Company issued 333
333 unregistered common shares upon the conversion of $1
000
000 of the line of credit not
payable debt valued at $3.00 per share.

In
December 2016
 the Company issued a total of 1
333
333 shares of common stock at $3.00 per share for net proceeds of $4.0 million.
These shares were issued to existing shareholders of record.

Issuance
of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company issued an aggregate of 1
940
895 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise
of stock options granted under the Company&rsquo;s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. The Company received aggregate proceeds of $946
000
for options exercised for cash
 with the balance of the options having been exercised on a &ldquo;cashless&rdquo; basis.

During
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued an aggregate of 36
071 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise
of stock options granted under the Company&rsquo;s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. The Company recorded $5
326 for options exercised
of which $5
300 was for options that were exercised for cash
 with the balance of the options being exercised on a &ldquo;cashless&rdquo;
basis.

Issuance
of preferred stock pursuant to private placement

Refer
to note 10 for discussion on preferred stock issuances.



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31
 2017



    
    


Due
to recurring losses for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company&rsquo;s net tax provision was zero.

The
difference between the effective income tax rate and the applicable statutory federal income tax rate is summarized as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    


 including stock based compensation
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


At
December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company&rsquo;s deferred tax assets were as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(7
000
    

    
(7
000
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
11
767
000
17
248
000

    
1
455
000
    

    
39
000
    

    
13
261
000
17
248
000

    
13
254
000
17
248
000

    
(13
254
000
(17
268
000

    
    
    


The
Company&rsquo;s valuation allowance decreased by $3
994
000 and $1
219
000 during 2017 and 2016 respectively. Total net operating
loss carry forwards at December 31
 2017 were approximately $46.4 million. The losses
 if unused
 expire through 2037. During
the year ended December 31
 2017 the Company began operations in China and Hong Kong. China has corporate tax rate of 25% with
net operating loss carry forwards expiring after 5 years. The Company had $5.7 million of net operating loss carry forwards in
China as of December 31
 2017. Hong Kong has a corporate tax rate of 17% with net operating loss carry forwards that don&rsquo;t
expire. The Company had $237
000 of net operating loss carry forwards in Hong Kong as of December 31
 2017. The Company&rsquo;s
net operating loss carry forwards may be limited due to ownership changes pursuant to Internal Revenue Code section 382. Effective
December 22
 2017 a new tax bill was signed into law that reduced the federal income tax rate for corporations from 35% to 21%.
The new bill reduced the blended tax rate for the Company from 38.5% to 25.4%. The change in blended tax rate reduced the 2017
net operating loss carry forward deferred tax assets by approximately $6.1 million.



    
    


The
Company adopted an Incentive Stock Plan on January 18
 2007. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and
retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting
or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&rsquo;s common stock or to receive
monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. While the plan terminates 10 years after the adoption
date
 issued options have their own schedule of termination. During 2013
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase
the total available shares in the plan from 2.5 million to 3.5 million shares of common stock. During May 2014
 the majority of
the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from 3.5 million to 4.25 million shares of common
stock
 during February 2015
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from
4.25 million to 4.6 million shares of common stock and during April 2015
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase
the total available shares in the plan from 4.6 million to 5.1 million shares of common stock. Until 2017
 options to acquire
shares of common stock may be granted at no less than fair market value on the date of grant. Upon exercise
 shares of new common
stock are issued by the Company.



    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2017



    
    


The
Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan on April 30
 2015. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract
and retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting
or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&rsquo;s common stock or to receive
monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and
shares for up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares included under
the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1
 2016.

The
Company has issued options to purchase approximately 5.6 million shares at an average price of $1.04 with a fair value of $7.3
million. For the year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company issued options to purchase 1.2 million and 1.3 million shares.
For the year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company recognized an expense of approximately $2.2 million and $1.6 million
respectively
 of non-cash compensation expense (included in General and Administrative expense in the accompanying Consolidated
Statement of Operations) determined by application of a Black Scholes option pricing model with the following inputs: exercise
price
 dividend yields
 risk-free interest rate
 and expected annual volatility. As of December 31
 2017
 the Company had approximately
$3
699
000 of unrecognized pre-tax non-cash compensation expense
 which the Company expects to recognize
 based on a weighted-average
period of 3 years. The Company used straight-line amortization of compensation expense over the two to three-year requisite service
or vesting period of the grant. There are options to purchase approximately 4.6 million shares that have vested
 of which 2
007
221
shares were exercised as of December 31
 2017.

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of its stock option awards and warrant issuances.
The calculation of the fair value of the awards using the Black - Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the Company&rsquo;s
stock price on the date of grant as well as assumptions regarding the following:




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31
 2017



    
    


The
expected volatility was determined with reference to the historical volatility of the Company&rsquo;s stock. The Company uses
historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. The expected term of options
granted represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate for periods
within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant.

A
summary of the status of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding stock options as of December 31
 2017 and changes during the period ending
on that date is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Weighted
    Average
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Term
    (Yrs)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

At December 31
 2015
    
    
4
634
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
300
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
327
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

At December 31
 2016
    
    
5
636
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
317
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
190
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
007
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

At December 31
 2017
    
    
4
602
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
476
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2017
    
    
3
250
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
following table summarizes information about employee stock options outstanding at December 31
 2017:



    
    
Outstanding
    Options
    
    
Vested
    Options
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2017
    (000&rsquo;s)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2017
    (000&rsquo;s)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

$0.20
    - $0.53
    
    
1
135
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
135
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
062
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
228
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
169
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
602
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
251
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    


Celsius
Holdings
 Inc.

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

December
31
 2017



    
    


On
February 22
 2017
 we were served with a summons and complaint with respect to a breach of contract action filed in Superior Court
of the State of California
 Los Angeles County
 by Statewide Beverage Company
&rdquo;)
 a former
distributor of the Company&rsquo;s products
 whose distribution agreement
 the Company had terminated effective November 2016
&rdquo; (non-payment of invoices within the applicable grace period provided in the distribution agreement).
&rdquo; and seeks unspecified
damages consisting of termination payments and fees which would be due upon a termination without &ldquo;
&rdquo;
&rdquo; as well as certain invasion fees allegedly due under the terms of the
&rdquo; and will
vigorously defend against the action. The Company accrued $85
000 in expense as of December 31
 2016 associated with this complaint
based on an estimate of legal fees
 since the agreement was terminated in November of 2016. The action filed in the Superior Court
of the State of California
 Los Angeles County is on going as of December 31
 2017.

In
addition to the foregoing
 from time to time
 we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to
be a part of the ordinary course of our business.&nbsp;

The
Company has entered into distribution agreements with liquidated damages in case the Company cancels the distribution agreements
without cause. Cause has been defined in various ways. It is management&rsquo;s belief that no such agreement has created any
liability as of December 31
 2017.

The
Company entered into an office lease with a related party (see note 10) effective October 2015. The monthly rent amounts to $8
809
per month and the lease terminates in October 2020. Future annual minimum payments required under operating lease obligations
at December 31
 2017 are as follows:

Future
Minimum Lease Payments



Year
    ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
116
720
    

    
    
    
120
078
    

    
    
    
102
455
    

    
    
    
339
253
    




    
    


Between
January 1
 2018 and March 8
 2018
 the Company issued an aggregate of 269
444 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise
of stock options granted under the Company&rsquo;s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. The Company recorded $11
000 for options exercised.

















     






Subsidiaries of Celsius Holdings
 Inc.




    
    

    
    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    













     





Consent of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm


in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-216029) of Celsius Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) of our report
dated March 8
 2018 relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements which appear in the Company&rsquo;s Annual
Report on Form 10-K (Document No. s109237)
 for the year ended December 31
 2017.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    



    













     



Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
 John
Fieldly
 the Interim President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
 a Nevada
&rdquo;)
 certify that:

1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2017 of the Registrant;

2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Based
on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Based
on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented
in this report;

4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I
as the Registrant&rsquo;s Interim Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 am responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Designed
such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Evaluated
the effectiveness of the Registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and

d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Disclosed
in this report any change in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I
as the Registrant&rsquo;s Interim Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 have disclosed
 based on my most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&rsquo;s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and



    
    


b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Any
fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.




Date: March 8
 2018
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
John Fieldly
 Interim President and Chief Executive Officer; Chief Financial Officer

    
    
(Principal Executive
 Financial and Accounting Officer)



    













     



Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
&rdquo;) on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31
 2017
&rdquo;)
I
 John Fieldly
 the Interim President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:

1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.




Date: March 8
 2018
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    John Fieldly

    
    
John Fieldly
 Interim President and Chief Executive
    Officer; Chief Financial Officer

    
    
(Principal Executive
 Financial and Accounting
    Officer)



    











begin 644 img001_v1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! @  9 !D  #_[  11'5C:WD  0 $    9   _^X #D%D
M;V)E &3      ?_; (0  0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0( @( @( @( P
# P
# P
# P$! 0$! 0$ 0$
M @(! @(# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
#
M P
# P
# P
#_\  $0@ 6@*\ P$1  (1 0
1 ?_$ -P  0 !! 
! 0$


! (%
M!@@+!08' 0   0  Q$$(3$2!4$&46%Q

1 #\ W^*(E$2B
M)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*

D5J/.K&V_W.
YY&5
3'7;-W
MG1*)D2JMI+--D%QM#.2:'.9RG+QQKP8G9F3Y1(=





4?@ 19NHX#!^(*U:KRO=93M*RI!TN7#3RI[QX
MF[DWG\K_ &\%V[TS
6





4#.7RHR7UPD5Q;LFR9UC]
M%LN?ID$= #4P??6)&@ES*N K0:OE: GA

M




M\!K;GB

M[:IEQ[/!]!WUBI2JM5#2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B
M)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*

JZ6_SQ).#(VJT9

M:5NAH^9(J+F.(M1C2*I BRYC_/J/3)/P?$ONLC( +OH;8#M0BG#!V_Q6PN






9% 2D%=
L_%A5?'V4K1JP(6VQ;LJK.V_!3B\<ZAUIF&C)5:(?
MD9[%*R+)!VI'/#(&.@9TQ.L*2@D,)1.4=!$*N!B*J&NYKZB41*(E$7\E4$5
MP*5=%)8B8Q053(H!3'341
)0. @ F15


H+A\Z4$RZ&]$-
2UIS 7VI

3=MT <+!'E;0D=#*M7_


M:-=L+NBH=NJ^
Y4 @ V67(;03%

AR

MXW_%2S/U#MVJJQ]NO/VK?W;5
N/9X/H.^L5*55JH:41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$
M2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB4


O'RB\TJV
!%72AS'.()D$QQ/R-YN
]V:.-(^

MXA (4O@4 \?^'37_ ']*^57W2.A?5%]5]-K]I*7WN6V^VD1)XL28S)CWS9(]
M

A4R

M&KYHL42+-7C=)TW5(8HE

I!U3(77D*!:B7-E;70I
M.P%;8IY836
T6E3W./=U
O;+8R7S'AI^\S%@F 5BEGRJQTE\AV@9^[D2$D%0
M;-(OUI'LCM$.IY=$7#85R#SKAJ8OG^_['=[9$Z_L7.?:L%7OI-'$YH'5BN







MHBIB]8.W+FMYH[VK9[:TM23.?;/#I)-E(I5JJ#P55ECII( FB F!0QB@F
M)0-J&FM8OT:#XE/#H:URIQK7E

WBZ98N!
MLVW$@90X:0XTI3AT=2_0MCM
QL8G7#3XQC;JJ
:TQ\O2J;Q4?(V LCVQEC%D
MPZMF^+.DFDG$2:'4!%86;MN]]72S8BJ19.&=.&J8K-E#=
XD*;@8I1#YMW.5
MUMUTR]L93'=


BY6K1
4@&:&D




M( F
(Z!QK

IV

4AX%
ML[.8W%LV9V;OQK&=@BE




M-#;
=J62


NG/3K*= $$8]!6&*ESD21=-VBB1 4.J*V
M@U


M8Q&S@Y!Y3D05
4W =#%3





MY(SA-1$PD1]%,B \P5AN977IM6Y!I.8'1U'I4H1Q^KB5V9=3\
0MAWM_6U


M[KG@'L)HHU
%6COSOC%.

Y%B5R9@1)NO


M1XTM:X'+1TW

8
P].22!T;7R!W_#U/+&@8$M)K2B^7&U6MML/K
45#MRZ&.)6QO*2YQ,8$S?IE#4 N(WRZW^;F*#9MFN8K9CK.29Q=$)
M*ELC& 5.0HX]I5_80[:S;)+Z^B?*X3M8*/+: M<?+B%DMM^L;+5AVQ-1V8LA
M_M'N)U<;YQ&S)%WJ25OD*FA%IBO'1H,72R2?471(54A%# *J?*KI-JM]T
MM[;1NUPRXNJUU-8(Q3HH.CIXJJO)+26759QNBBID7:O+7Y%?FK-15%)L3W37
M_=]WW+C/--SI3+FX9F]YC%4\ZAY--(-+?O6@9*RC2SUXLRD)6W&+!!0I$P


6O$L[XN.:
Q(L2ZG[QU'.U




M%)6X[GQA9D].22VO4?2LK!
GKYR8#&.8.JX6




MW);$7.8_Q_:







9'.%&:L&MCT^
XG]B?[

7W1


93NR04((-_(6F
M:3;2*

@X42!X^.7I-$5 4
!@X#$N[VWLF:YW = XE;8H9)G48/Q+S8^Y)W?



M=VW3



UWMC8D6S!I]+2*_W*Q;7'RF@ 5 ^GX$QT

UI.ASV^(ZG!
ML==9)X !6FW;+NN[/#=O@DD:334&G2.UV0\ZUI]X_=4RANF;GQYB-F<48P7
M1?
YJ1;S
#Z#OK%2E5:J&OA0Y$B'54,!4TR&.<P^!2$ 3&,.
MG'0 B+0




JY\RC-[X[=VK[R\


VHKD?
MP^)2X7S
  :71GAF%E'[L1O#W0;FMK5Y6_N N:=RM!XYO6YX#'&8KB64=2D[
M;4.O MF$:O(':BXET.I(.10=N'*JAR-C)EU%)00SVR6:2WI-74UQ%3QZUC=
M8R6C
*BI'0MEF[YN&MFT[GN.XB\]OV_;LU-SI 0*Z$T-%1KE_)E\J;0KGF9(
M'#ICP/X?#5@305.0488F@S7G9=QK%';OV[6K.]QSM9=RO'ME9CG+JMJ[;6PK

)L/WSFGM4Y_MO'T*_N=@QA[R6B8MJL^D7





M'!$7%.RMS7P

TS4*FXC)R+=

:$5PPK\F1

0[
M-7QWE;A(+:EM8SUN)N1TDSC,38SNB[ <.-U6Y9)I'*I0:;A)TNW150<3:S=
M







MNO[V6=K'8.;&[2V/4#B'%K XCA6BU[[)'X\5I&X/%O R



6[V.\NY36
C+F%%ANDQ;:V7M[&(K4NF_KOQT@3;O?<BPG+)NQ2T9I9



SX&




W 7BC

13D!*JDHD0X%


/VZJ4E<]DW5$-W:*MO.).:F8
MERS9N6CIS<BJ#EX42&45.W<*D4.B)N!N1W?9]GW29^XP7(MMWM_1,\4C6N9I
M%=$V-'-&99+@!T5*N;*]O;2-MM+$9;*7$1O:2'5PJSH)RU
Q/6LDMEF2;^R
M[MWL?(.1E&2\Y/ED3-7;! 6Z+^'CWJL5'R0IG464
:2*Q
X!0QS&5(J4_@8

WO^
77[=_




W[\[M!U#(&Z
MJW
(B5#E4'0HUMV??-MW+:F7T4L;6MC D:7 &)[1Z;) 3Z#F$$$.I3-8WNWW

M(S$/9=N%APGVRZ.K=XSF'0*J-UT3*(KH 10ASD.0QJ3E4MO]TW3?X
;ZGC9
MZE!(R&




M'5VZH5$W8&&F.:

2Q$D4U8^-NUR8KZ


!7I


MTZ@TTK1WHNIBK6RO;^PCK&S5:2G%KVZHWTZB*$C*HQ'BBB_GGW







ME- $6X!KXB( B'X@'A7/3\Q-!HK*/;3T*YB$??C-FU8M;UOMJQ8(D:L6#:



VN@KI/PK9P]VMQTI;E][F[I(W:@F^MJ
MU8!VH;H@]1\I)$?Q0(%

MYG./R+S'W@
%NZVMQQ#G?$%MK5^@UYPE$2B)1%^ 8HB8 
5&
M;07BA523346*24;=9@J!50Z@E4$$S:E
?S6./Q!8_RO=!V/0K2(<O<ZVP=66C5Y 8^,4&<?Q:B ,A]
M5S4(
BDQE5O.:8G

MJZ[EE

5?E47(V147.
XN/G<25VEOM
;&Z(VAK.AH 'F% KY6E
MBPK843&;AIP^#7PX^.GC7%[CS9*C557MMMNC@LDK+Q/+W1(14+;\7Y][*RD
M?!LPYDVS4TI*NDF,:T5?.#)MDEG;M8J:9!-SG.8E*8P@%1.7-DYIYYW0;5R

'#X&WSW**





M
2G.P;E;$

M-TJ]F7TM95C37FWJJRBYG:1Y^UI9U'K]1=01

 E$0KZOBC?BNT'V](:<:WRVU8R)(
WZ
BDL-C
 .U!C=78L_%D.%31
M2-PT+$6[%,(*!C&,-#135)E&Q<8U19,&+1$O*DW:M6Y(HI$#P H!6Y8+ZF(


MJT;+



8 $2B(!7US0\:79% XM-1FNTQ;AO
M&^%L=Q.+
96O'6A94)&)1+&+AVZ3(P-D&*





MT@22(=XFN9%JU3-R(I%$$T2 !2  !I6E]O#([6]H+EF)'M%&D@+(+;=M1P)M

:V
M8V
(*-):0YN!Q:B=AVV*)5((X^++LBMCLS0
MT_*R
S!JM3HF1\NK$OEU&9DDP



MF@Z223UK9++)

9V#C:#)!6ZS76

M  %34X##$FJV2RR3/



M6

R:_&KO5
6A45C_ !];.



MS;)B)@322( %#F.83&'Q
8PB/$1JTBBB@C$4+6LB;D   .P# *(][Y'%\A+G
MG
DU)\J^KC@6%TP

MR& P:\!K)S6O:6/ +2*$=(.:^ EI#A@05Q;.M.%L2U;?LRVVZC6 MB)9PL.V

JKTDB &IA$= K&&*WB;!T-A8T!H H !@  
@%D]



M=;R]U !5QS)IF305.:V22R2Z?$).EH KP R'8J3C]OF+XK+[O.49#.V&0Y!F
M]8R
&@.+1DZE2!T$KZ9YG0BW<]Q@::AM30$YD#(*]E2EJ6+]_[0<+9#NB7
MO.4AG


H H !I5




F#;\





M@AG[L*X:'#
MES0Z.F01Y!
X
X:#K#!336E-(


M4[;UOF.T@(J#
*]@J:^2E5HVP.*B$;)%!MH!2$*7T0T* %  #40X\ K^;5US

-?RU/9MA&&F@50



Y2]ZG
_




M'\C I Y Y;X6,7^+_,OQSN[WRRX<DEN?RZX*(Z&*$Q'M]0TXA^B1* EUT^J


/X/'_!5?)OSL]1JI#-O'$


.@#5ILNQ\Y\W.
?*^VWU

NWIFV]&JST85E;2
M+)P=J\97G)Q,KU4FC-\*;5-_'-6#@7#=\F:I%U$05$Q3B IJ 7V'E[^EGW

MT\-HT%PX:G$'RTI@:&JSYPUVW8&%?(RV3UF$TQ!)8H6RL+IVZ!4%6:K)RM)1






#S]9/'MX*8#M\]E.?SLY:WUF\DI8^.&I3*H0P
MS(3$ZZ3.S.@@Z47;';F8K(KGZS9








9

M9([*$%T\L+ 

MXY.JJ4!$I!TUU'0.-=CM_N[]Z6[-KM^Q[C(P\3&&#SR%BI+GFCE*R-+F_M6D


\43S0.?-;@?X97$4ZP%4R^\KW?0DANXQ.(&

VTG$Y0A55.0049F8MA151+Z





[6]IMD45;RNHHN .!7+

M %1+*P


M;)[E?=7RZT?=&R6



M#;R
8B3H-Q20 2B;DYSG

M5EEEGD

_OJ]QO^*MF?

MHB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$
M2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HBT('_P!J+G__ )U_:.8]L?:3VDO]

M7OQY]J+9^X#[89?9OV]^6+[$_P!

MS^$S_P 6^Q?V=TY_+U+=3MC[.07L_P!D1WLKV;]$1^A?W;^I_9TK^AOXU^9Q



M:?\ ;_J?V:J['VV[R^T;^[:IEQ[/#GW3]8J3FK10THB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(
ME$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$H
@B41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB41*(E$2B)1$HB_]D!
end
















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;Company&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;Celsius Holdings&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221;) was incorporated&#13;under the laws of the State of Nevada on April 26
 2005. On January 24
 2007
 the Company entered into a merger agreement and&#13;plan of reorganization with Elite FX
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 Elite FX
 Inc. was&#13;merged into the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiary
 Celsius
 Inc. and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company on January 26
 2007.&#13;In addition
 on March 28
 2007 the Company established Celsius Netshipments
 Inc. a Florida corporation as two subsidiaries of&#13;the Company. On February 7
 2017
 the Company established Celsius Asia Holdings Limited a Hong Kong corporation as a wholly-owned&#13;subsidiary of the Company. On February 7
 2017 Celsius China Holdings Limited a Hong Kong corporation became a wholly-owned subsidiary&#13;of Celsius Asia Holdings Limited and on May 9
 2017
 Celsius Asia Holdings Limited established Celsius (Beijing) Beverage Limited

 the Company is engaged in the development
 marketing



 liabilities
 revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial&#13;statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts
&#13;reserves for inventory obsolescence
 the useful lives and values of property
 fixtures and equipment
 valuation of stock based&#13;compensation

 separate segment data has not been presented
&#13;as they meet the criteria for aggregation as permitted by ASC Topic 280
 Segment Reporting
 (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting&#13;Standards (SFAS) No. 131

&#13;the Company has determined that it operates in a single operating segment. For the years ended December 31

 which potentially subjects the&#13;Company to a concentration of business risk. If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to&#13;the Company

&#13;balances in the Company&amp;#8217;s cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31
 2017

 2017 and 2016

 2017 and 2016

 2017 and December 31
 2016

 historical trends
 and other information. Delinquent&#13;accounts are written-off when it is determined that the amounts are uncollectible. At December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
&#13;there was an allowance for doubtful accounts of $33
100 and $72
300

 the Company recorded a write&#13;off of $36
300 and $201
000

 &amp;#8220;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&amp;#8221; the Company reviews&#13;the carrying value of intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in&#13;circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured&#13;by comparison of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If&#13;such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount&#13;of the property
 if any

 the products are delivered
 sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Any discounts
&#13;slotting fees

 local sampling events
 sponsorships
&#13;endorsements
 and digital advertising. The Company incurred advertising expense of approximately $6.8 million and $4.3 million
&#13;during year ending December 31
 2017 and 2016

 raw material usage and test productions of beverages. The Company incurred expenses of $210
000&#13;and $90
000 during year ending December 31
 2017 and 2016

 foreign subsidiaries&amp;#8217; functional currency is the local currency of operations&#13;and the net assets of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars using current exchange rates. The U.S. dollar results&#13;that arise from such translation
 as well as exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances of long-term investment nature
&#13;are included in Comprehensive Income. The Company incurred foreign currency translation loss of approximately $39
978 and $0 during&#13;the twelve months ending December 31
 2017 and 2016

 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
&#13;accrued expenses



 the Company did not have any other assets or liabilities measured at fair value at December 31
 2017&#13;and December 31

 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income&#13;Taxes
&amp;#8221; which requires
 among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset&#13;and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences&#13;of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided&#13;to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will&#13;not be realized. The Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions.&#13;&lt;/i&gt;When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing&#13;authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that&#13;would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the&#13;financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not&#13;that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes


&lt;/i&gt; which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether&#13;a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a&#13;tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.&#13;For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit

 exercise of stock options and warrants (calculated using the reverse treasury stock&#13;method). As of December 31
 2017
 there were options outstanding to purchase 4.6 million shares
 which exercise price averaged&#13;$1.82
 Series C Preferred Stock outstanding to convert to 5.3 million common shares at $0.52 price per share and Series D Preferred&#13;Stock outstanding to convert to 4.7 million common shares at $0.86 price per share. There were no other dilutive common shares&#13;equivalents
 including convertible notes and warrants

 2006
 the Company has fully adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 718 &amp;#8220;Compensation&#13;&amp;#8212; Stock Compensation&amp;#8221; and related interpretations. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at&#13;the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods&#13;of the grants. On April 30
 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. This plan is intended to provide incentives&#13;which will attract and retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors&#13;providing consulting or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&amp;#8217;s common&#13;stock or to receive monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant&#13;of options and shares for up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares&#13;included under the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1

 the costs of raw materials utilized&#13;in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound &amp;#38; out-bound freight charges
 as well as certain&#13;internal transfer costs
 warehouse expenses incurred prior to the manufacture of the Company&amp;#8217;s finished products and certain&#13;quality control costs. Raw materials account for the largest portion of the cost of sales. Raw materials include cans
 bottles
&#13;other containers
 flavors

 as well as expenses&#13;for advertising
 samplings and in-store demonstrations costs
 costs for merchandise displays
 point-of-sale materials and premium&#13;items
 sponsorship expenses
 other marketing expenses and design expenses. Operating expenses also include such costs as payroll&#13;costs
 travel costs
 professional service fees (including legal fees)

&#13;2017 and 2016 was approximately $3.3 million and $2.0 million


 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date
 which&#13;deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. This update is effective for public business entities&#13;for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those reporting periods. Earlier&#13;application was permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods&#13;within that reporting period. ASU 2014-09 was to become effective for us beginning January 2017; however
 ASU 2015-14 deferred&#13;our effective date until January 2018
 which is when we plan to adopt this standard. The ASU permits two methods of adoption:&#13;retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method)
 or retrospectively with the cumulative effect&#13;of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the modified retrospective method). The ASU&#13;also requires expanded disclosures relating to the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from&#13;contracts with customers. Additionally
 qualitative and quantitative disclosures are required for customer contracts
 significant&#13;judgments and changes in judgments
 and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. We have completed the&#13;process of evaluating the effect of the adoption and determined there were no changes required to our reported revenues as a result&#13;of the adoption. The majority of our revenue arrangements generally consist of a single performance obligation to transfer promised&#13;goods (sales of beverages to customers). Based on our evaluation process and review of our contracts with customers
 the timing&#13;and amount of revenue recognized based on ASU 2015-14 is consistent with our revenue recognition policy under previous guidance.&#13;We adopted the new standard effective January 1
 2018
 using the modified retrospective approach
 and will expand our consolidated&#13;financial statement disclosures in order to comply with the ASU. We have determined the adoption of ASU 2015-14 will not have&#13;a material impact on our results of operations
 cash flows

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842). The new standard establishes a right-of-use (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;)&#13;model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer&#13;than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense&#13;recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including&#13;interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and&#13;operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial&#13;statements

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. ASU 2016-15 clarifies&#13;the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective&#13;for public business entities for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16&amp;#8212;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory.&#13;This ASU improves the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. This&#13;ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-18 (ASU 2016-18)
 Statement of Cash Flows: Restricted Cash. This&#13;ASU provides guidance on the classification of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this ASU are&#13;effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15

 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2017-09; Compensation&amp;#8212;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification&#13;Accounting. The amendments in this ASU amends the scope of modification accounting for share-based payment arrangements
 provides&#13;guidance on the types of changes to the terms or conditions of share-based payment awards an entity is required to apply modification&#13;accounting under ASC 718. The amendments in this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15

 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2017-11; Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&#13;(Topic 480): Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features
&#13;(Part II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Non public Entities&#13;and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Non controlling Interests with a Scope Exception. The guidance is intended to reduce the complexity&#13;associated with issuers&amp;#8217; accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. Specifically
&#13;a down round feature (as defined) would no longer cause a freestanding equity-linked financial instrument (or an embedded conversion&#13;option) to be accounted for as a derivative liability at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in current earnings.&#13;The amendments in this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with&#13;Line-of-Credit Arrangements (Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting)&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASU&#13;2015-15&amp;#8221;). ASU 2015-15 allows debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit agreements to be presented in the balance sheet&#13;as an asset. ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 beginning after December&#13;15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company plans to early adopt ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 as of December 31

&#13;cash flows or financial position with the exception of the updated previously disclosed above

 2017
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $62
000
288 which includes a net loss available to common stockholders&#13;of $8
606
578 for year ended December 31
 2017. During the twelve months ending December 31
 2017 the Company net cash used in&#13;operating activities totaled $8
418
125. While these factors alone may raise doubt as to the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue&#13;as a going concern
 the Company&amp;#8217;s sale of an aggregate of $15 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate of 4
833
329&#13;shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to 13 accredited investors between December&#13;30
 2016 and March 14

 if our sales volumes do not meet our projections
 expenses exceed our expectations
 our plans change
&#13;we may be unable to generate enough cash flow from operations to cover our working capital requirements. In such case
 we may&#13;be required to adjust our business plan
 by reducing marketing and other expenses or seek additional financing. There can be no&#13;assurance that such financing
 if required




137

142

204





305

211


180
000 and $937
000
 at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 and consist mainly&#13;of prepaid consulting agreement with D3M Licensing Group
 advertising
 prepaid insurance
 prepaid slotting fees










425 and $16
951 during year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016




003


308


311

754












 the Company&#13;    entered a line of credit note payable with a related party which carries interest of five percent per annum paid quarterly.&#13;    The Company can borrow up to $9
500
000. The Company has pledged all its assets as security for the line of credit. The note&#13;    matures in January 2020
 at which time the principal amount is due. During April 2015
 the Company issued $4
000
000 of convertible&#13;    series D preferred series in exchange for cancellation of $4
000
000 of this line
 reducing the amount to $4
500
000. During&#13;    March 2017
 the Company issued $1
000
000 of common stock in exchange for cancellation of $1
000
000 of this line
 reducing&#13;    the amount to $3
500

500

500


 2013
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &amp;#8220;2013 Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with CDS&#13;Ventures of South Florida
 LLC (&amp;#8220;CDS&amp;#8221;) and CD Financial
 LLC (&amp;#8220;CD&amp;#8221;). CDS and CD are limited liability&#13;companies which are affiliates of Carl DeSantis
 the Company&amp;#8217;s principal shareholder. The Company issued 2
200 shares of&#13;its Series C Preferred Stock (the &amp;#8220;Preferred C Shares&amp;#8221;) in exchange for the conversion of a $550
000 short term loan&#13;from CDS and the conversion of $1
650
000 in indebtedness under the Company&amp;#8217;s line of credit with CD (the &amp;#8220;CD Line&#13;of Credit&amp;#8221;). The Preferred C Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder thereof at a conversion&#13;price of $0.52 per share at any time until December 31
 2018
 at which time they will automatically convert into shares of our&#13;common stock determined by dividing the liquidation preference of $1
000 per Preferred C Share by the conversion price then in&#13;effect. The conversion price is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits and similar events. The Preferred&#13;C Shares accrue cumulative annual dividends at the rate of 6% per annum
 payable by the issuance of additional Preferred C Shares.&#13;The holder of Preferred C Shares votes on an &amp;#8220;as converted&amp;#8221; basis
 together with holders of common stock as a single&#13;class on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote
 except as required by law. In April 2015
 the Company issued 180 Preferred&#13;C Shares valued at $180
000 in settlement of $180
000 in accrued preferred C dividends. In October 2017
 the Company issued 383&#13;Preferred C Shares valued at $383
000 in settlement of $383
000 in accrued preferred C dividends. As of December 31
 2017
 $83
000&#13;of dividends has been accrued. The Preferred C Shares mature on December 31

 2015
 the Company entered into an amendment to its existing Loan and Security Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Amendment&amp;#8221;)&#13;with CD an affiliate of CDS Ventures and Mr. DeSantis. Pursuant to the Amendment
 the outstanding principal amount of the CD Line&#13;of Credit was reduced by $4.0 million
 which amount was converted into 4
000 shares of a newly-designated Series D Preferred Stock&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Preferred D Shares&amp;#8221;). This related party was given a conversion price of $0.86 per common share
 whereas other&#13;investors purchased common shares at $0.89 in the private placement
 as discussed in note 12. The difference of $0.03 per share
&#13;which resulted in $139
535
 was recorded as a dividend in accordance with ASC 470-20-35
 subsequent measurement for debt with&#13;conversion and other options. The Preferred D Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder thereof&#13;at a conversion price of $0.86 per share until the earlier of the January 2
 2020 due date of our line of credit with CD Financial&#13;or such earlier date as the line of credit is satisfied (the &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;Mandatory Redemption Date&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221;). The conversion price&#13;is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits and similar events. The Preferred D Shares accrue cumulative&#13;annual cash dividends at the rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly in cash and have a liquidation preference of $1
000 per share.&#13;On the Mandatory Redemption Date
 the Preferred D Shares automatically convert into shares of our common stock in a number determined&#13;by dividing the $1
000 per Preferred D Share liquidation preference plus any accrued but unpaid dividends
 by the conversion price&#13;then in effect. The Preferred D Shares may also be redeemed by us at any time on or after December 31
 2017
 at a redemption price&#13;equal to 104% of the liquidation preference. The holder of the Preferred D Shares votes on an &amp;#8220;as converted&amp;#8221; basis
&#13;together with holders of common stock as a single class on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote
 except as required&#13;by law. &amp;#160;As of December 31
 2017
 $51


 LLC which is controlled by one of our shareholders&#13;Carl DeSantis. Currently
 the lease expires on October 2020 with monthly rent of $8



 the Company issued 47
126 shares of &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;restricted&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221; stock to each William H. Milmoe and Thomas E.&#13;Lynch in consideration for services previously rendered to Celsius. Total shares issued were 94
252 at a fair value of $328
000

 the Company issued a total 250
000 &amp;#8220;restricted&amp;#8221; shares of its common stock as compensation pursuant to&#13;celebrity endorsement agreements at a fair value of $560
000

 2017 and March 2017
 the Company issued a total of 3
333

 the Company issued 333
333 unregistered common shares upon the conversion of $1
000

 the Company issued a total of 1
333

 2017
 the Company issued an aggregate of 1
940
895 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise&#13;of stock options granted under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. The Company received aggregate proceeds of $946
000&#13;for options exercised for cash

 2016
 the Company issued an aggregate of 36
071 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise&#13;of stock options granted under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. The Company recorded $5
326 for options exercised
&#13;of which $5
300 was for options that were exercised for cash


 2017 and 2016



 2017 and 2016



767

248

455


261

248

254

248

254

268

994
000 and $1
219
000 during 2017 and 2016 respectively. Total net operating&#13;loss carry forwards at December 31
 2017 were approximately $46.4 million. The losses
 if unused
 expire through 2037. During&#13;the year ended December 31
 2017 the Company began operations in China and Hong Kong. China has corporate tax rate of 25% with&#13;net operating loss carry forwards expiring after 5 years. The Company had $5.7 million of net operating loss carry forwards in&#13;China as of December 31
 2017. Hong Kong has a corporate tax rate of 17% with net operating loss carry forwards that don&amp;#8217;t&#13;expire. The Company had $237
000 of net operating loss carry forwards in Hong Kong as of December 31
 2017. The Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;net operating loss carry forwards may be limited due to ownership changes pursuant to Internal Revenue Code section 382. Effective&#13;December 22


 2007. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and&#13;retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting&#13;or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock or to receive&#13;monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. While the plan terminates 10 years after the adoption&#13;date
 issued options have their own schedule of termination. During 2013
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase&#13;the total available shares in the plan from 2.5 million to 3.5 million shares of common stock. During May 2014
 the majority of&#13;the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from 3.5 million to 4.25 million shares of common&#13;stock
 during February 2015
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from&#13;4.25 million to 4.6 million shares of common stock and during April 2015
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase&#13;the total available shares in the plan from 4.6 million to 5.1 million shares of common stock. Until 2017
 options to acquire&#13;shares of common stock may be granted at no less than fair market value on the date of grant. Upon exercise

 2015. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract&#13;and retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting&#13;or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock or to receive&#13;monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and&#13;shares for up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares included under&#13;the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1

 2017 and 2016
 the Company issued options to purchase 1.2 million and 1.3 million shares.&#13;For the year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company recognized an expense of approximately $2.2 million and $1.6 million
&#13;respectively
 of non-cash compensation expense (included in General and Administrative expense in the accompanying Consolidated&#13;Statement of Operations) determined by application of a Black Scholes option pricing model with the following inputs: exercise&#13;price
 dividend yields
 risk-free interest rate
 and expected annual volatility. As of December 31
 2017
 the Company had approximately&#13;$3
699
000 of unrecognized pre-tax non-cash compensation expense
 which the Company expects to recognize
 based on a weighted-average&#13;period of 3 years. The Company used straight-line amortization of compensation expense over the two to three-year requisite service&#13;or vesting period of the grant. There are options to purchase approximately 4.6 million shares that have vested
 of which 2
007
221&#13;shares were exercised as of December 31





























 2017
 we were served with a summons and complaint with respect to a breach of contract action filed in Superior Court&#13;of the State of California
 Los Angeles County
 by Statewide Beverage Company
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;Statewide&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221;)
 a former&#13;distributor of the Company&amp;#8217;s products
 whose distribution agreement
 the Company had terminated effective November 2016&#13;for &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;cause&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221; (non-payment of invoices within the applicable grace period provided in the distribution agreement).&#13;The complaint alleges that the distribution agreement was terminated without &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;cause&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221; and seeks unspecified&#13;damages consisting of termination payments and fees which would be due upon a termination without &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;cause&lt;/b&gt;
&amp;#8221;&#13;but not on a termination for &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;cause&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221; as well as certain invasion fees allegedly due under the terms of the&#13;distribution agreement. The Company believes that it validly terminated the agreement for &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;cause&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221; and will&#13;vigorously defend against the action. The Company accrued $85
000 in expense as of December 31
 2016 associated with this complaint&#13;based on an estimate of legal fees
 since the agreement was terminated in November of 2016. The action filed in the Superior Court&#13;of the State of California
 Los Angeles County is on going as of December 31

 from time to time


809&#13;per month and the lease terminates in October 2020. Future annual minimum payments required under operating lease obligations&#13;at December 31







 2018 and March 8
 2018
 the Company issued an aggregate of 269
444 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise&#13;of stock options granted under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. The Company recorded $11




 liabilities
 revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial&#13;statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts
&#13;reserves for inventory obsolescence
 the useful lives and values of property
 fixtures and equipment
 valuation of stock based&#13;compensation


 separate segment data has not been presented
&#13;as they meet the criteria for aggregation as permitted by ASC Topic 280
 Segment Reporting
 (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting&#13;Standards (SFAS) No. 131

&#13;the Company has determined that it operates in a single operating segment. For the years ended December 31


 which potentially subjects the&#13;Company to a concentration of business risk. If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to&#13;the Company

&#13;balances in the Company&amp;#8217;s cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31
 2017

 2017 and 2016

 2017 and 2016


 2017 and December 31
 2016


 historical trends
 and other information. Delinquent&#13;accounts are written-off when it is determined that the amounts are uncollectible. At December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
&#13;there was an allowance for doubtful accounts of $33
100 and $72
300


 the Company recorded a write&#13;off of $36
300 and $201
000

    

 &amp;#8220;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&amp;#8221; the Company reviews&#13;the carrying value of intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in&#13;circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured&#13;by comparison of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If&#13;such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount&#13;of the property
 if any


 the products are delivered
 sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Any discounts
&#13;slotting fees

    

 local sampling events
 sponsorships
&#13;endorsements
 and digital advertising. The Company incurred advertising expense of approximately $6.8 million and $4.3 million
&#13;during year ending December 31
 2017 and 2016


 raw material usage and test productions of beverages. The Company incurred expenses of $210
000&#13;and $90
000 during year ending December 31
 2017 and 2016


 foreign subsidiaries&amp;#8217; functional currency is the local currency of operations&#13;and the net assets of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars using current exchange rates. The U.S. dollar results&#13;that arise from such translation
 as well as exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances of long-term investment nature
&#13;are included in Comprehensive Income. The Company incurred foreign currency translation loss of approximately $39
978 and $0 during&#13;the twelve months ending December 31
 2017 and 2016


 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
&#13;accrued expenses




 the Company did not have any other assets or liabilities measured at fair value at December 31
 2017&#13;and December 31


 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income&#13;Taxes
&amp;#8221; which requires
 among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset&#13;and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences&#13;of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided&#13;to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will&#13;not be realized. The Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions.&#13;&lt;/i&gt;When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing&#13;authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that&#13;would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the&#13;financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not&#13;that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes


&lt;/i&gt; which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether&#13;a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a&#13;tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.&#13;For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit


 exercise of stock options and warrants (calculated using the reverse treasury stock&#13;method). As of December 31
 2017
 there were options outstanding to purchase 4.6 million shares
 which exercise price averaged&#13;$1.82
 Series C Preferred Stock outstanding to convert to 5.3 million common shares at $0.52 price per share and Series D Preferred&#13;Stock outstanding to convert to 4.7 million common shares at $0.86 price per share. There were no other dilutive common shares&#13;equivalents
 including convertible notes and warrants


 2006
 the Company has fully adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 718 &amp;#8220;Compensation&#13;&amp;#8212; Stock Compensation&amp;#8221; and related interpretations. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at&#13;the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods&#13;of the grants. On April 30
 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. This plan is intended to provide incentives&#13;which will attract and retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors&#13;providing consulting or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&amp;#8217;s common&#13;stock or to receive monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant&#13;of options and shares for up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares&#13;included under the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1


&#13;2017 and 2016 was approximately $3.3 million and $2.0 million



 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date
 which&#13;deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. This update is effective for public business entities&#13;for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those reporting periods. Earlier&#13;application was permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods&#13;within that reporting period. ASU 2014-09 was to become effective for us beginning January 2017; however
 ASU 2015-14 deferred&#13;our effective date until January 2018
 which is when we plan to adopt this standard. The ASU permits two methods of adoption:&#13;retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method)
 or retrospectively with the cumulative effect&#13;of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the modified retrospective method). The ASU&#13;also requires expanded disclosures relating to the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from&#13;contracts with customers. Additionally
 qualitative and quantitative disclosures are required for customer contracts
 significant&#13;judgments and changes in judgments
 and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. We have completed the&#13;process of evaluating the effect of the adoption and determined there were no changes required to our reported revenues as a result&#13;of the adoption. The majority of our revenue arrangements generally consist of a single performance obligation to transfer promised&#13;goods (sales of beverages to customers). Based on our evaluation process and review of our contracts with customers
 the timing&#13;and amount of revenue recognized based on ASU 2015-14 is consistent with our revenue recognition policy under previous guidance.&#13;We adopted the new standard effective January 1
 2018
 using the modified retrospective approach
 and will expand our consolidated&#13;financial statement disclosures in order to comply with the ASU. We have determined the adoption of ASU 2015-14 will not have&#13;a material impact on our results of operations
 cash flows

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842). The new standard establishes a right-of-use (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;)&#13;model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer&#13;than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense&#13;recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including&#13;interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and&#13;operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial&#13;statements

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. ASU 2016-15 clarifies&#13;the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective&#13;for public business entities for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16&amp;#8212;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory.&#13;This ASU improves the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. This&#13;ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-18 (ASU 2016-18)
 Statement of Cash Flows: Restricted Cash. This&#13;ASU provides guidance on the classification of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this ASU are&#13;effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15

 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2017-09; Compensation&amp;#8212;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification&#13;Accounting. The amendments in this ASU amends the scope of modification accounting for share-based payment arrangements
 provides&#13;guidance on the types of changes to the terms or conditions of share-based payment awards an entity is required to apply modification&#13;accounting under ASC 718. The amendments in this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15

 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2017-11; Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&#13;(Topic 480): Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features
&#13;(Part II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Non public Entities&#13;and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Non controlling Interests with a Scope Exception. The guidance is intended to reduce the complexity&#13;associated with issuers&amp;#8217; accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. Specifically
&#13;a down round feature (as defined) would no longer cause a freestanding equity-linked financial instrument (or an embedded conversion&#13;option) to be accounted for as a derivative liability at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in current earnings.&#13;The amendments in this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with&#13;Line-of-Credit Arrangements (Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting)&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASU&#13;2015-15&amp;#8221;). ASU 2015-15 allows debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit agreements to be presented in the balance sheet&#13;as an asset. ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 beginning after December&#13;15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company plans to early adopt ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 as of December 31

&#13;cash flows or financial position with the exception of the updated previously disclosed above


 2017
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $62
000
288 which includes a net loss available to common stockholders&#13;of $8
606
578 for year ended December 31
 2017. During the twelve months ending December 31
 2017 the Company net cash used in&#13;operating activities totaled $8
418
125. While these factors alone may raise doubt as to the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue&#13;as a going concern
 the Company&amp;#8217;s sale of an aggregate of $15 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate of 4
833
329&#13;shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to 13 accredited investors between December&#13;30
 2016 and March 14

 if our sales volumes do not meet our projections
 expenses exceed our expectations
 our plans change
&#13;we may be unable to generate enough cash flow from operations to cover our working capital requirements. In such case
 we may&#13;be required to adjust our business plan
 by reducing marketing and other expenses or seek additional financing. There can be no&#13;assurance that such financing
 if required

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2017 and 2016

 2017 and 2016




137

142

204





305

211













003


308


311

754












 the Company&#13;    entered a line of credit note payable with a related party which carries interest of five percent per annum paid quarterly.&#13;    The Company can borrow up to $9
500
000. The Company has pledged all its assets as security for the line of credit. The note&#13;    matures in January 2020
 at which time the principal amount is due. During April 2015
 the Company issued $4
000
000 of convertible&#13;    series D preferred series in exchange for cancellation of $4
000
000 of this line
 reducing the amount to $4
500
000. During&#13;    March 2017
 the Company issued $1
000
000 of common stock in exchange for cancellation of $1
000
000 of this line
 reducing&#13;    the amount to $3
500

500

500





 2017 and 2016



767

248

455


261

248

254

248

254

268






































    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

 the costs of raw materials utilized&#13;in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound &amp;#38; out-bound freight charges
 as well as certain&#13;internal transfer costs
 warehouse expenses incurred prior to the manufacture of the Company&amp;#8217;s finished products and certain&#13;quality control costs. Raw materials account for the largest portion of the cost of sales. Raw materials include cans
 bottles
&#13;other containers
 flavors


 as well as expenses&#13;for advertising
 samplings and in-store demonstrations costs
 costs for merchandise displays
 point-of-sale materials and premium&#13;items
 sponsorship expenses
 other marketing expenses and design expenses. Operating expenses also include such costs as payroll&#13;costs
 travel costs
 professional service fees (including legal fees)


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






      



















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      






      



 LLC &amp; CD Financial







      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.001 par value; 2
500
000 shares authorized
 6
760 and 6
380 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016




 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized
 45
701
593 and 39
999
784 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016



      


      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      





      











 plant and equipment



      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      

      


      






      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Options



      


      

      


      

      


      



 Options
 Outstanding



      


      


      


      

      


      



 Options



      


      


      


      

      


      



 Options



      

      


      



 Options



      


      


      



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues



 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      


 before allocation of a valuation allowances
 of deferred tax assets attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards including
 but not limited to
 research
 foreign
 general business
 alternative minimum tax


      


 stock (unit) options
 or other equity instruments


      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      


 Net of Tax









 Value
 Share-based Compensation


      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      







      


 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment






 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant






 Property















 Options
 Outstanding



 Options



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable


      

      

      

      

      


 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2017
Mar. 07
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017













 Inc.




































  2017



































































536
076



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



971
037























































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











186
624


747
138



Accounts receivable
 net

375
658


787
732



Inventories
 net

305
505


211
370





180
444


349





048
231


683
589



Property and equipment
 net

642


533





110
873


717
122












311
824


754
207





883


666





921


612





463
628


322
485












500
000


500
000





963
628


822
485










Preferred Stock
 $0.001 par value; 2
500
000 shares authorized
 6
760 and 6
380 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
 respectively






Common stock
 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized
 45
701
593 and 39
999
784 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
 respectively

702


000





101
824


208
963





378)







960
910)


354
332)





147
245


894
637





110
873


717
122




































Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Cash includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the customer may deposit additional funds at any time and effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents
 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid Investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Short-term investments
 exclusive of cash equivalents
 generally consist of marketable securities intended to be sold within one year (or the normal operating cycle if longer) and may include trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 or held-to-maturity securities (if maturing within one year)
 as applicable.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




















































































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Preferred stock
 authorized

500
000


500
000



Preferred stock
 issued

760


380



Preferred stock
 outstanding

760


380



Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Common stock
 authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 issued

701
593


999
784



Common stock
 outstanding

701
593


999
784

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











164
064


760
987





733
387


031
153





430
677


729
834





611
369


675
763





899
275


899
031





510
644


574
794





079
967)


844
960)












616)


750)







095





616)


655)





240
583)


067
615)





995)


154)





606
578)


433
769)





419
162


568
088



Loss per share
 basic and diluted (in dollars per share)




































































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)




















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.






















































































Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Net Loss available to common stockholders
 as reported

606
578)


433
769)












378)














645
956)


433
769)







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)





























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Balances at beginning at Dec. 31
 2015



380


626
212




920
563)


744
035



Balances at beginning (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2015

380


380
380






























334


998
666






000
000







333
333

















750






000







000

















290






326







071








000









019
045






019
045













154)


154)













067
615)


067
615)



Balances at ending at Dec. 31
 2016



000


208
963




354
332)


894
637



Balances at ending (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2016

380


999
784






























333


996
615






999
948







333
329

















903






997







252















942


633






575







940
895








007
000









666






999







333

















999






000
























241
045






241
045











378)




378)













995)


995)













240
583)


240
583)



Balances at ending at Dec. 31
 2017



702


101
824


378)


960
910)


147
245



Balances at ending (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2017

760


701
593






































































































Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



















































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.






















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











240
583)


067
615)












425


951







095)





997







241
045


579
045










Accounts receivable
 net

587
926)


673)





094
135)


534





095)


082)





557
616


697)





778)


335)





691)


555





418
125)


363
412)












534)


830)







760





534)


070)












999
948


000
000





575


300





946
523


005
300





378)







439
486


618
818





747
138


128
320





186
624


747
138












855


750





778


223



















216


269



Conversion of convertible note to common stock
 related party

999







000






















































































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid
 after deduction of cash paid for capitalized interest
 for interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.




























Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]







    
    


Business

&#8221;) was incorporated
under the laws of the State of Nevada on April 26
 2005. On January 24
 2007
 the Company entered into a merger agreement and
plan of reorganization with Elite FX
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 Elite FX
 Inc. was
merged into the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Celsius
 Inc. and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company on January 26
 2007.
In addition
 on March 28
 2007 the Company established Celsius Netshipments
 Inc. a Florida corporation as two subsidiaries of
the Company. On February 7
 2017
 the Company established Celsius Asia Holdings Limited a Hong Kong corporation as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. On February 7
 2017 Celsius China Holdings Limited a Hong Kong corporation became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Celsius Asia Holdings Limited and on May 9
 2017
 Celsius Asia Holdings Limited established Celsius (Beijing) Beverage Limited
a China corporation as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Celsius Asia Holdings Limited.

Since
the merger
 the Company is engaged in the development
 marketing
&#8221; calorie-burning
fitness beverages under the Celsius&#174; brand name.







The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (&#8220;US GAAP&#8221;).

Consolidation
Policy
 Inc. and its subsidiaries.
All material inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Significant
Estimates
accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts
reserves for inventory obsolescence
 the useful lives and values of property
 fixtures and equipment
 valuation of stock based
compensation
 and deferred tax asset valuation allowance.

Segment
Reporting 
 separate segment data has not been presented
as they meet the criteria for aggregation as permitted by ASC Topic 280
 Segment Reporting
 (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 131
 

Our
chief operating decision-maker is considered to be our Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The CEO reviews financial information presented
on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing financial performance. The financial information
reviewed by the CEO is identical to the information presented in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Therefore
the Company has determined that it operates in a single operating segment. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 all
material assets and revenues of the Company were in the United States except as disclosed in Note 2.

Concentrations
of Risk

The
Company uses single supplier relationships for its raw materials purchases and filling capacity
 which potentially subjects the
Company to a concentration of business risk. If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to
the Company
 operations could be adversely affected.

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
and accounts receivable. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality financial institutions. At times
balances in the Company&#8217;s cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31
 2017
the Company had approximately $14 million in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit.

At
December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of revenue with its customers:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All
    other
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


At
December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its
customers:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All
    other
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


*Revenues
and receivables from customer A are derived from a customer located in Sweden. Revenues from all other customers were mainly derived
from the United States.

Cash
Equivalents
to be cash equivalents. At December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
 the Company did not have any investments with maturities of
three months or less.

Accounts
Receivable
accounts based upon factors pertaining to the credit risk of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. Delinquent
accounts are written-off when it is determined that the amounts are uncollectible. At December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
there was an allowance for doubtful accounts of $33
100 and $72
300
 respectively.

Inventories

using the FIFO method. Inventories consist of raw materials and finished products. The Company write offs against inventory during
the period in which such materials and products are no longer usable or marketable. In 2017 and 2016
 the Company recorded a write
off of $36
300 and $201
000
 respectively. The write offs are included in cost of revenue. Free Samples are recorded as cost of
sales.

Property
and Equipment
of property and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset generally ranging
from three to seven years.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets
 &#8220;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&#8221; the Company reviews
the carrying value of intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured
by comparison of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If
such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount
of the property
 if any
 exceeds its fair value.

Revenue
Recognition
exists
 the products are delivered
 sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Any discounts
slotting fees
 sales incentives or similar arrangements with the customer are estimated at time of sale and deducted from revenue.

Deferred
Revenue 
production runs. Such amounts are initially recorded as deferred revenue. The Company recognizes such revenue as it is earned
in accordance with revenue recognition policies.

Advertising
Costs
 local sampling events
 sponsorships
endorsements
 and digital advertising. The Company incurred advertising expense of approximately $6.8 million and $4.3 million
during year ending December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Research
and Development
consist primarily of consulting fees
 raw material usage and test productions of beverages. The Company incurred expenses of $210
000
and $90
000 during year ending December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Foreign
Currency Translation &#8212; 
 foreign subsidiaries&#8217; functional currency is the local currency of operations
and the net assets of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars using current exchange rates. The U.S. dollar results
that arise from such translation
 as well as exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances of long-term investment nature
are included in Comprehensive Income. The Company incurred foreign currency translation loss of approximately $39
978 and $0 during
the twelve months ending December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
accrued expenses
 and notes payable approximates fair value due to their relative short-term maturity and market interest rates.

Fair
Value Measurements
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally
 ASC 820 requires the use
of valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are
prioritized below:



Level
    1:
Observable inputs
    such as quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

    
    

Level
    2:
Observable market-based
    inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.

    
    

Level
    3:
Unobservable inputs
    for which there is little or no market data
 which require the use of the reporting entity&#8217;s own assumptions.


Other
than these noted previously
 the Company did not have any other assets or liabilities measured at fair value at December 31
 2017
and December 31
 2016.

Income
Taxes &#8212; 
 &#8220;Accounting for Income
Taxes
&#8221; which requires
 among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset
and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided
to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will
not be realized. The Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to


 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing
authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that
would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the
financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not
that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any.

Income
Taxes (continued) &#8212;
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely
of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions
taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the
accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon
examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company
has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.

The


a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a
tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.
For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position
is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations
remains open.

The
Company&#8217;s tax returns for tax years in 2014 through 2017 remain subject to potential examination by the taxing authorities.

Earnings
per Share 
number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number
of common and dilutive common share equivalents outstanding during the period. Dilutive common share equivalents consist of shares
issuable upon conversion of convertible debt
 exercise of stock options and warrants (calculated using the reverse treasury stock
method). As of December 31
 2017
 there were options outstanding to purchase 4.6 million shares
 which exercise price averaged
$1.82
 Series C Preferred Stock outstanding to convert to 5.3 million common shares at $0.52 price per share and Series D Preferred
Stock outstanding to convert to 4.7 million common shares at $0.86 price per share. There were no other dilutive common shares
equivalents
 including convertible notes and warrants
 as no common share equivalents had an exercise price below the ending closing
price of the year. The effects of dilutive instruments have not been presented as the effects would be anti-dilutive.

Share-Based
Payments 
 2006
 the Company has fully adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 718 &#8220;Compensation
&#8212; Stock Compensation&#8221; and related interpretations. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at
the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods
of the grants. On April 30
 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. This plan is intended to provide incentives
which will attract and retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors
providing consulting or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&#8217;s common
stock or to receive monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant
of options and shares for up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares
included under the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1
 2016.

Cost
of Sales 
 the costs of raw materials utilized
in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound &#38; out-bound freight charges
 as well as certain
internal transfer costs
 warehouse expenses incurred prior to the manufacture of the Company&#8217;s finished products and certain
quality control costs. Raw materials account for the largest portion of the cost of sales. Raw materials include cans
 bottles
other containers
 flavors
 ingredients and packaging materials.

Operating
Expenses 
 as well as expenses
for advertising
 samplings and in-store demonstrations costs
 costs for merchandise displays
 point-of-sale materials and premium
items
 sponsorship expenses
 other marketing expenses and design expenses. Operating expenses also include such costs as payroll
costs
 travel costs
 professional service fees (including legal fees)
 depreciation and other general and administrative costs.

Shipping
and Handling Costs 
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Freight-out expense on goods shipped for year ended December 31
2017 and 2016 was approximately $3.3 million and $2.0 million
 respectively.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

The
Company adopts all applicable
 new accounting pronouncements as of the specified effective dates.

In
August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date
 which
deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. This update is effective for public business entities
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those reporting periods. Earlier
application was permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods
within that reporting period. ASU 2014-09 was to become effective for us beginning January 2017; however
 ASU 2015-14 deferred
our effective date until January 2018
 which is when we plan to adopt this standard. The ASU permits two methods of adoption:
retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method)
 or retrospectively with the cumulative effect
of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the modified retrospective method). The ASU
also requires expanded disclosures relating to the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from
contracts with customers. Additionally
 qualitative and quantitative disclosures are required for customer contracts
 significant
judgments and changes in judgments
 and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. We have completed the
process of evaluating the effect of the adoption and determined there were no changes required to our reported revenues as a result
of the adoption. The majority of our revenue arrangements generally consist of a single performance obligation to transfer promised
goods (sales of beverages to customers). Based on our evaluation process and review of our contracts with customers
 the timing
and amount of revenue recognized based on ASU 2015-14 is consistent with our revenue recognition policy under previous guidance.
We adopted the new standard effective January 1
 2018
 using the modified retrospective approach
 and will expand our consolidated
financial statement disclosures in order to comply with the ASU. We have determined the adoption of ASU 2015-14 will not have
a material impact on our results of operations
 cash flows
 or financial position.

In
April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03
 (&#8220;ASU 2015-03&#8221;).
ASU 2015-03 simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs and requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt
liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability (consistent
with debt discounts). &#160;

In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842). The new standard establishes a right-of-use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;)
model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer
than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense
recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including
interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and
operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial
statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company does not expect that the adoption will have a material impact
on its consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. ASU 2016-15 clarifies
the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective
for public business entities for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of ASU 2016-15 on its financial statements and
related disclosures.

In
October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16&#8212;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory.
This ASU improves the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. This
ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this ASU to have a significant impact on its consolidated financial
statements.

In
November 2016
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-18 (ASU 2016-18)
 Statement of Cash Flows: Restricted Cash. This
ASU provides guidance on the classification of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this ASU are
effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in the
ASU should be adopted on a retrospective basis. The Company does not expect that adoption of this ASU to have a material effect
on its consolidated financial statements.

In
May 2017
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2017-09; Compensation&#8212;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification
Accounting. The amendments in this ASU amends the scope of modification accounting for share-based payment arrangements
 provides
guidance on the types of changes to the terms or conditions of share-based payment awards an entity is required to apply modification
accounting under ASC 718. The amendments in this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
2017. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material effect on our consolidated financial
statements.

In
July 2017
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2017-11; Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
(Topic 480): Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features
(Part II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Non public Entities
and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Non controlling Interests with a Scope Exception. The guidance is intended to reduce the complexity
associated with issuers&#8217; accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. Specifically
a down round feature (as defined) would no longer cause a freestanding equity-linked financial instrument (or an embedded conversion
option) to be accounted for as a derivative liability at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in current earnings.
The amendments in this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted.
We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15

Line-of-Credit Arrangements (Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting)
2015-15&#8221;). ASU 2015-15 allows debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit agreements to be presented in the balance sheet
as an asset. ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 beginning after December
15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company plans to early adopt ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 as of December 31
 2017; the
adoption is not expected to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results of operations.

All
new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations
cash flows or financial position with the exception of the updated previously disclosed above
 there have been no new accounting
pronouncements not yet effective that have significance to our consolidated financial statements.

Liquidity

December 31
 2017
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $62
000
288 which includes a net loss available to common stockholders
of $8
606
578 for year ended December 31
 2017. During the twelve months ending December 31
 2017 the Company net cash used in
operating activities totaled $8
418
125. While these factors alone may raise doubt as to the Company&#8217;s ability to continue
as a going concern
 the Company&#8217;s sale of an aggregate of $15 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate of 4
833
329
shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to 13 accredited investors between December
30
 2016 and March 14
 2017 is deemed sufficient to alleviate substantial doubt regarding the Company&#8217;s ability to continue
as a going concern.

Our
current operating plan for the next twelve (12) months plans on a sufficient financial condition and we do not contemplate obtaining
additional financing. However
 if our sales volumes do not meet our projections
 expenses exceed our expectations
 our plans change
we may be unable to generate enough cash flow from operations to cover our working capital requirements. In such case
 we may
be required to adjust our business plan
 by reducing marketing and other expenses or seek additional financing. There can be no
assurance that such financing
 if required
 will be available on commercially reasonable terms if at all.



































The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
    


Inventories
consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Finished
    goods
    
    
4
137
239
    
    
    
2
142
032
    

    
    
    
1
204
560
    
    
    
270
143
    

Less:
    Inventory write down
    
    
(36
294
    
    
    
(200
805
    

Inventories
    net
    
    
5
305
505
    
    
    
2
211
370
    




































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
    


Prepaid
expenses and other current assets total $1
180
000 and $937
000
 at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 and consist mainly
of prepaid consulting agreement with D3M Licensing Group
 advertising
 prepaid insurance
 prepaid slotting fees
 and deposits
on purchases.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]







    
    


Property
and equipment consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Furniture
    and equipment
    
    
341
159
    
    
    
291
626
    

Less:
    accumulated depreciation
    
    
(278
517
    
    
    
(258
093
    

    
    
    
62
642
    
    
    
33
533
    


Depreciation
expense amounted to $20
425 and $16
951 during year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
    


Accounts
payable and accrued expenses consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accounts
    payable
    
    
3
003
086
    
    
    
858
131
    

Accrued
    expenses
    
    
3
308
738
    
    
    
896
076
    

    
    
    
6
311
824
    
    
    
1
754
207
    









 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
    


Deferred
revenue and other current liabilities consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Customer
    deposits
    
    
    
    
    
    
201
652
    

State
    bottle bill liability
    
    
17
921
    
    
    
12
960
    

    
    
    
17
921
    
    
    
214
612














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
    


Line
of credit note payable - related party consists of the following as of:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note Payable &#8211;
    line of credit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

In July 2010
 the Company
    entered a line of credit note payable with a related party which carries interest of five percent per annum paid quarterly.
    The Company can borrow up to $9
500
000. The Company has pledged all its assets as security for the line of credit. The note
    matures in January 2020
 at which time the principal amount is due. During April 2015
 the Company issued $4
000
000 of convertible
    series D preferred series in exchange for cancellation of $4
000
000 of this line
 reducing the amount to $4
500
000. During
    March 2017
 the Company issued $1
000
000 of common stock in exchange for cancellation of $1
000
000 of this line
 reducing
    the amount to $3
500
000.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Long-term
    portion
    
    
3
500
000
    
    
    
4
500
000
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
    


On
August 26
 2013
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &#8220;2013 Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with CDS
Ventures of South Florida
 LLC (&#8220;CDS&#8221;) and CD Financial
 LLC (&#8220;CD&#8221;). CDS and CD are limited liability
companies which are affiliates of Carl DeSantis
 the Company&#8217;s principal shareholder. The Company issued 2
200 shares of
its Series C Preferred Stock (the &#8220;Preferred C Shares&#8221;) in exchange for the conversion of a $550
000 short term loan
from CDS and the conversion of $1
650
000 in indebtedness under the Company&#8217;s line of credit with CD (the &#8220;CD Line
of Credit&#8221;). The Preferred C Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder thereof at a conversion
price of $0.52 per share at any time until December 31
 2018
 at which time they will automatically convert into shares of our
common stock determined by dividing the liquidation preference of $1
000 per Preferred C Share by the conversion price then in
effect. The conversion price is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits and similar events. The Preferred
C Shares accrue cumulative annual dividends at the rate of 6% per annum
 payable by the issuance of additional Preferred C Shares.
The holder of Preferred C Shares votes on an &#8220;as converted&#8221; basis
 together with holders of common stock as a single
class on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote
 except as required by law. In April 2015
 the Company issued 180 Preferred
C Shares valued at $180
000 in settlement of $180
000 in accrued preferred C dividends. In October 2017
 the Company issued 383
Preferred C Shares valued at $383
000 in settlement of $383
000 in accrued preferred C dividends. As of December 31
 2017
 $83
000
of dividends has been accrued. The Preferred C Shares mature on December 31
 2018 and are redeemable only in exchange for shares
of Company common stock.

On
April 16
 2015
 the Company entered into an amendment to its existing Loan and Security Agreement (the &#8220;Amendment&#8221;)
with CD an affiliate of CDS Ventures and Mr. DeSantis. Pursuant to the Amendment
 the outstanding principal amount of the CD Line
of Credit was reduced by $4.0 million
 which amount was converted into 4
000 shares of a newly-designated Series D Preferred Stock
(the &#8220;Preferred D Shares&#8221;). This related party was given a conversion price of $0.86 per common share
 whereas other
investors purchased common shares at $0.89 in the private placement
 as discussed in note 12. The difference of $0.03 per share
which resulted in $139
535
 was recorded as a dividend in accordance with ASC 470-20-35
 subsequent measurement for debt with
conversion and other options. The Preferred D Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder thereof
at a conversion price of $0.86 per share until the earlier of the January 2
 2020 due date of our line of credit with CD Financial
&#8221;). The conversion price
is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits and similar events. The Preferred D Shares accrue cumulative
annual cash dividends at the rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly in cash and have a liquidation preference of $1
000 per share.
On the Mandatory Redemption Date
 the Preferred D Shares automatically convert into shares of our common stock in a number determined
by dividing the $1
000 per Preferred D Share liquidation preference plus any accrued but unpaid dividends
 by the conversion price
then in effect. The Preferred D Shares may also be redeemed by us at any time on or after December 31
 2017
 at a redemption price
equal to 104% of the liquidation preference. The holder of the Preferred D Shares votes on an &#8220;as converted&#8221; basis
together with holders of common stock as a single class on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote
 except as required
by law. &#160;As of December 31
 2017
 $51
000 of dividends has been accrued regarding these shares.



































The entire disclosure for terms
 amounts
 nature of changes
 rights and privileges
 dividends
 and other matters related to preferred stock.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
    


The
Company&#8217;s office is rented from a company affiliated with CD Financial
 LLC which is controlled by one of our shareholders
Carl DeSantis. Currently
 the lease expires on October 2020 with monthly rent of $8
809. The rental fee is commensurate with other
properties available in the market.

Other
related party transactions are discussed in notes 8
 9 and 12













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
STOCKHOLDERS&#8217;
    EQUITY 


Issuance
of common stock pursuant to services performed

In
January 2017
 the Company issued 47
&#8221; stock to each William H. Milmoe and Thomas E.
Lynch in consideration for services previously rendered to Celsius. Total shares issued were 94
252 at a fair value of $328
000
or $3.48 per share representing the closing stock price on that date.

In
April 2016
 the Company issued a total 250
000 &#8220;restricted&#8221; shares of its common stock as compensation pursuant to
celebrity endorsement agreements at a fair value of $560
000
 or $2.24 per share representing the closing stock price on that
date.

Issuance
of common stock pursuant to private placement

Between
January 1
 2017 and March 2017
 the Company issued a total of 3
333
329 shares of common stock at $3.00 per share for net proceeds
of approximately $10 million to 12 accredited investors.

In
January 2017
 the Company issued 333
333 unregistered common shares upon the conversion of $1
000
000 of the line of credit not
payable debt valued at $3.00 per share.

In
December 2016
 the Company issued a total of 1
333
333 shares of common stock at $3.00 per share for net proceeds of $4.0 million.
These shares were issued to existing shareholders of record.

Issuance
of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company issued an aggregate of 1
940
895 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise
of stock options granted under the Company&#8217;s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. The Company received aggregate proceeds of $946
000
for options exercised for cash
 with the balance of the options having been exercised on a &#8220;cashless&#8221; basis.

During
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued an aggregate of 36
071 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise
of stock options granted under the Company&#8217;s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. The Company recorded $5
326 for options exercised
of which $5
300 was for options that were exercised for cash
 with the balance of the options being exercised on a &#8220;cashless&#8221;
basis.

Issuance
of preferred stock pursuant to private placement

Refer
to note 10 for discussion on preferred stock issuances.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
    


Due
to recurring losses for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company&#8217;s net tax provision was zero.

The
difference between the effective income tax rate and the applicable statutory federal income tax rate is summarized as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Statutory
    federal rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State
    income tax rate
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Permanent
    differences
 including stock based compensation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Change
    in valuation allowance
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Difference
    in foreign tax rates
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Effective
    tax rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


At
December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company&#8217;s deferred tax assets were as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Property
    and equipment
    
    
(7
000
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    deferred tax liability
    
    
(7
000
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Federal
    and state net operating loss carry forward
    
    
11
767
000
    
    
    
17
248
000
    

Foreign
    net operating loss carry forward
    
    
1
455
000
    
    
    
    
    

Other
    temporary differences
    
    
39
000
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    deferred tax asset
    
    
13
261
000
    
    
    
17
248
000
    

Net
    deferred tax asset
    
    
13
254
000
    
    
    
17
248
000
    

Less
    valuation allowance
    
    
(13
254
000
    
    
    
(17
268
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
Company&#8217;s valuation allowance decreased by $3
994
000 and $1
219
000 during 2017 and 2016 respectively. Total net operating
loss carry forwards at December 31
 2017 were approximately $46.4 million. The losses
 if unused
 expire through 2037. During
the year ended December 31
 2017 the Company began operations in China and Hong Kong. China has corporate tax rate of 25% with
net operating loss carry forwards expiring after 5 years. The Company had $5.7 million of net operating loss carry forwards in
China as of December 31
 2017. Hong Kong has a corporate tax rate of 17% with net operating loss carry forwards that don&#8217;t
expire. The Company had $237
000 of net operating loss carry forwards in Hong Kong as of December 31
 2017. The Company&#8217;s
net operating loss carry forwards may be limited due to ownership changes pursuant to Internal Revenue Code section 382. Effective
December 22
 2017 a new tax bill was signed into law that reduced the federal income tax rate for corporations from 35% to 21%.
The new bill reduced the blended tax rate for the Company from 38.5% to 25.4%. The change in blended tax rate reduced the 2017
net operating loss carry forward deferred tax assets by approximately $6.1 million.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]







    
    


The
Company adopted an Incentive Stock Plan on January 18
 2007. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and
retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting
or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&#8217;s common stock or to receive
monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. While the plan terminates 10 years after the adoption
date
 issued options have their own schedule of termination. During 2013
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase
the total available shares in the plan from 2.5 million to 3.5 million shares of common stock. During May 2014
 the majority of
the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from 3.5 million to 4.25 million shares of common
stock
 during February 2015
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from
4.25 million to 4.6 million shares of common stock and during April 2015
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase
the total available shares in the plan from 4.6 million to 5.1 million shares of common stock. Until 2017
 options to acquire
shares of common stock may be granted at no less than fair market value on the date of grant. Upon exercise
 shares of new common
stock are issued by the Company.

The
Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan on April 30
 2015. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract
and retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting
or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&#8217;s common stock or to receive
monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and
shares for up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares included under
the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1
 2016.

The
Company has issued options to purchase approximately 5.6 million shares at an average price of $1.04 with a fair value of $7.3
million. For the year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company issued options to purchase 1.2 million and 1.3 million shares.
For the year ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company recognized an expense of approximately $2.2 million and $1.6 million
respectively
 of non-cash compensation expense (included in General and Administrative expense in the accompanying Consolidated
Statement of Operations) determined by application of a Black Scholes option pricing model with the following inputs: exercise
price
 dividend yields
 risk-free interest rate
 and expected annual volatility. As of December 31
 2017
 the Company had approximately
$3
699
000 of unrecognized pre-tax non-cash compensation expense
 which the Company expects to recognize
 based on a weighted-average
period of 3 years. The Company used straight-line amortization of compensation expense over the two to three-year requisite service
or vesting period of the grant. There are options to purchase approximately 4.6 million shares that have vested
 of which 2
007
221
shares were exercised as of December 31
 2017.

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of its stock option awards and warrant issuances.
The calculation of the fair value of the awards using the Black - Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the Company&#8217;s
stock price on the date of grant as well as assumptions regarding the following:



    
    
Year
    ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Risk-free interest
    rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Forfeiture
    Rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
expected volatility was determined with reference to the historical volatility of the Company&#8217;s stock. The Company uses
historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. The expected term of options
granted represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate for periods
within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant.

A
summary of the status of the Company&#8217;s outstanding stock options as of December 31
 2017 and changes during the period ending
on that date is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Weighted
    Average
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Term
    (Yrs)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

At December 31
 2015
    
    
4
634
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
300
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
327
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

At December 31
 2016
    
    
5
636
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
317
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
190
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
007
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

At December 31
 2017
    
    
4
602
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
476
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2017
    
    
3
250
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
following table summarizes information about employee stock options outstanding at December 31
 2017:



    
    
Outstanding
    Options
    
    
Vested
    Options
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Range
    of
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2017
    (000&#8217;s)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2017
    (000&#8217;s)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

$0.20
    - $0.53
    
    
1
135
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
135
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
062
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
228
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
169
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
602
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
251
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
    


On
February 22
 2017
 we were served with a summons and complaint with respect to a breach of contract action filed in Superior Court
of the State of California
 Los Angeles County
 by Statewide Beverage Company
&#8221;)
 a former
distributor of the Company&#8217;s products
 whose distribution agreement
 the Company had terminated effective November 2016
&#8221; (non-payment of invoices within the applicable grace period provided in the distribution agreement).
&#8221; and seeks unspecified
damages consisting of termination payments and fees which would be due upon a termination without &#8220;
&#8221;
&#8221; as well as certain invasion fees allegedly due under the terms of the
&#8221; and will
vigorously defend against the action. The Company accrued $85
000 in expense as of December 31
 2016 associated with this complaint
based on an estimate of legal fees
 since the agreement was terminated in November of 2016. The action filed in the Superior Court
of the State of California
 Los Angeles County is on going as of December 31
 2017.

In
addition to the foregoing
 from time to time
 we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to
be a part of the ordinary course of our business.&#160;

The
Company has entered into distribution agreements with liquidated damages in case the Company cancels the distribution agreements
without cause. Cause has been defined in various ways. It is management&#8217;s belief that no such agreement has created any
liability as of December 31
 2017.

The
Company entered into an office lease with a related party (see note 10) effective October 2015. The monthly rent amounts to $8
809
per month and the lease terminates in October 2020. Future annual minimum payments required under operating lease obligations
at December 31
 2017 are as follows:

Future
Minimum Lease Payments



Year
    ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
116
720
    

    
    
    
120
078
    

    
    
    
102
455
    

    
    
    
339
253
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017









    
    


Between
January 1
 2018 and March 8
 2018
 the Company issued an aggregate of 269
444 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise
of stock options granted under the Company&#8217;s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. The Company recorded $11
000 for options exercised.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Consolidation
Policy
 Inc. and its subsidiaries.
All material inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.




Significant
Estimates
accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts
reserves for inventory obsolescence
 the useful lives and values of property
 fixtures and equipment
 valuation of stock based
compensation
 and deferred tax asset valuation allowance.




Segment
Reporting 
 separate segment data has not been presented
as they meet the criteria for aggregation as permitted by ASC Topic 280
 Segment Reporting
 (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 131
 

Our
chief operating decision-maker is considered to be our Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The CEO reviews financial information presented
on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing financial performance. The financial information
reviewed by the CEO is identical to the information presented in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Therefore
the Company has determined that it operates in a single operating segment. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 all
material assets and revenues of the Company were in the United States except as disclosed in Note 2.




Concentrations
of Risk

The
Company uses single supplier relationships for its raw materials purchases and filling capacity
 which potentially subjects the
Company to a concentration of business risk. If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to
the Company
 operations could be adversely affected.

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
and accounts receivable. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality financial institutions. At times
balances in the Company&#8217;s cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31
 2017
the Company had approximately $14 million in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit.

At
December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of revenue with its customers:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All
    other
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


At
December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its
customers:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All
    other
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


*Revenues
and receivables from customer A are derived from a customer located in Sweden. Revenues from all other customers were mainly derived
from the United States.




Cash
Equivalents
to be cash equivalents. At December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
 the Company did not have any investments with maturities of
three months or less.




Accounts
Receivable
accounts based upon factors pertaining to the credit risk of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. Delinquent
accounts are written-off when it is determined that the amounts are uncollectible. At December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016
there was an allowance for doubtful accounts of $33
100 and $72
300
 respectively.




Inventories

using the FIFO method. Inventories consist of raw materials and finished products. The Company write offs against inventory during
the period in which such materials and products are no longer usable or marketable. In 2017 and 2016
 the Company recorded a write
off of $36
300 and $201
000
 respectively. The write offs are included in cost of revenue. Free Samples are recorded as cost of
sales.




Property
and Equipment
of property and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset generally ranging
from three to seven years.




Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets
 &#8220;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&#8221; the Company reviews
the carrying value of intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured
by comparison of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If
such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount
of the property
 if any
 exceeds its fair value.




Revenue
Recognition
exists
 the products are delivered
 sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Any discounts
slotting fees
 sales incentives or similar arrangements with the customer are estimated at time of sale and deducted from revenue.




Deferred
Revenue 
production runs. Such amounts are initially recorded as deferred revenue. The Company recognizes such revenue as it is earned
in accordance with revenue recognition policies.




Advertising
Costs
 local sampling events
 sponsorships
endorsements
 and digital advertising. The Company incurred advertising expense of approximately $6.8 million and $4.3 million
during year ending December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.




Research
and Development
consist primarily of consulting fees
 raw material usage and test productions of beverages. The Company incurred expenses of $210
000
and $90
000 during year ending December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.




Foreign
Currency Translation &#8212; 
 foreign subsidiaries&#8217; functional currency is the local currency of operations
and the net assets of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars using current exchange rates. The U.S. dollar results
that arise from such translation
 as well as exchange gains and losses on intercompany balances of long-term investment nature
are included in Comprehensive Income. The Company incurred foreign currency translation loss of approximately $39
978 and $0 during
the twelve months ending December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.




Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
accrued expenses
 and notes payable approximates fair value due to their relative short-term maturity and market interest rates.




Fair
Value Measurements
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally
 ASC 820 requires the use
of valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are
prioritized below:



Level
    1:
Observable inputs
    such as quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

    
    

Level
    2:
Observable market-based
    inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.

    
    

Level
    3:
Unobservable inputs
    for which there is little or no market data
 which require the use of the reporting entity&#8217;s own assumptions.


Other
than these noted previously
 the Company did not have any other assets or liabilities measured at fair value at December 31
 2017
and December 31
 2016.




Income
Taxes &#8212; 
 &#8220;Accounting for Income
Taxes
&#8221; which requires
 among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset
and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided
to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will
not be realized. The Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to


 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing
authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that
would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the
financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not
that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any.

Tax
positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement
with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount
measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along
with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes
its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for
uncertain tax benefits.

The


a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a
tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.
For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position
is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations
remains open.

The
Company&#8217;s tax returns for tax years in 2014 through 2017 remain subject to potential examination by the taxing authorities.




Earnings
per Share 
number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number
of common and dilutive common share equivalents outstanding during the period. Dilutive common share equivalents consist of shares
issuable upon conversion of convertible debt
 exercise of stock options and warrants (calculated using the reverse treasury stock
method). As of December 31
 2017
 there were options outstanding to purchase 4.6 million shares
 which exercise price averaged
$1.82
 Series C Preferred Stock outstanding to convert to 5.3 million common shares at $0.52 price per share and Series D Preferred
Stock outstanding to convert to 4.7 million common shares at $0.86 price per share. There were no other dilutive common shares
equivalents
 including convertible notes and warrants
 as no common share equivalents had an exercise price below the ending closing
price of the year. The effects of dilutive instruments have not been presented as the effects would be anti-dilutive.




Share-Based
Payments 
 2006
 the Company has fully adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 718 &#8220;Compensation
&#8212; Stock Compensation&#8221; and related interpretations. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at
the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods
of the grants. On April 30
 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. This plan is intended to provide incentives
which will attract and retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors
providing consulting or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company&#8217;s common
stock or to receive monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant
of options and shares for up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares
included under the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1
 2016.




Cost
of Sales 
 the costs of raw materials utilized
in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound &#38; out-bound freight charges
 as well as certain
internal transfer costs
 warehouse expenses incurred prior to the manufacture of the Company&#8217;s finished products and certain
quality control costs. Raw materials account for the largest portion of the cost of sales. Raw materials include cans
 bottles
other containers
 flavors
 ingredients and packaging materials.




Operating
Expenses 
 as well as expenses
for advertising
 samplings and in-store demonstrations costs
 costs for merchandise displays
 point-of-sale materials and premium
items
 sponsorship expenses
 other marketing expenses and design expenses. Operating expenses also include such costs as payroll
costs
 travel costs
 professional service fees (including legal fees)
 depreciation and other general and administrative costs.




Shipping
and Handling Costs 
expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Freight-out expense on goods shipped for year ended December 31
2017 and 2016 was approximately $3.3 million and $2.0 million
 respectively.




Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

The
Company adopts all applicable
 new accounting pronouncements as of the specified effective dates.

In
August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date
 which
deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. This update is effective for public business entities
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those reporting periods. Earlier
application was permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim reporting periods
within that reporting period. ASU 2014-09 was to become effective for us beginning January 2017; however
 ASU 2015-14 deferred
our effective date until January 2018
 which is when we plan to adopt this standard. The ASU permits two methods of adoption:
retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method)
 or retrospectively with the cumulative effect
of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the modified retrospective method). The ASU
also requires expanded disclosures relating to the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from
contracts with customers. Additionally
 qualitative and quantitative disclosures are required for customer contracts
 significant
judgments and changes in judgments
 and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. We have completed the
process of evaluating the effect of the adoption and determined there were no changes required to our reported revenues as a result
of the adoption. The majority of our revenue arrangements generally consist of a single performance obligation to transfer promised
goods (sales of beverages to customers). Based on our evaluation process and review of our contracts with customers
 the timing
and amount of revenue recognized based on ASU 2015-14 is consistent with our revenue recognition policy under previous guidance.
We adopted the new standard effective January 1
 2018
 using the modified retrospective approach
 and will expand our consolidated
financial statement disclosures in order to comply with the ASU. We have determined the adoption of ASU 2015-14 will not have
a material impact on our results of operations
 cash flows
 or financial position.

In
April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03
 (&#8220;ASU 2015-03&#8221;).
ASU 2015-03 simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs and requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt
liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability (consistent
with debt discounts). &#160;

In
February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842). The new standard establishes a right-of-use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;)
model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer
than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense
recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including
interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and
operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial
statements
 with certain practical expedients available. The Company does not expect that the adoption will have a material impact
on its consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15
 Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. ASU 2016-15 clarifies
the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective
for public business entities for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2017. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of ASU 2016-15 on its financial statements and
related disclosures.

In
October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16&#8212;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory.
This ASU improves the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. This
ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this ASU to have a significant impact on its consolidated financial
statements.

In
November 2016
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-18 (ASU 2016-18)
 Statement of Cash Flows: Restricted Cash. This
ASU provides guidance on the classification of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this ASU are
effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in the
ASU should be adopted on a retrospective basis. The Company does not expect that adoption of this ASU to have a material effect
on its consolidated financial statements.

In
May 2017
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2017-09; Compensation&#8212;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification
Accounting. The amendments in this ASU amends the scope of modification accounting for share-based payment arrangements
 provides
guidance on the types of changes to the terms or conditions of share-based payment awards an entity is required to apply modification
accounting under ASC 718. The amendments in this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
2017. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material effect on our consolidated financial
statements.

In
July 2017
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2017-11; Earnings Per Share (Topic 260); Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
(Topic 480): Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): (Part I) Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features
(Part II) Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Non public Entities
and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Non controlling Interests with a Scope Exception. The guidance is intended to reduce the complexity
associated with issuers&#8217; accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. Specifically
a down round feature (as defined) would no longer cause a freestanding equity-linked financial instrument (or an embedded conversion
option) to be accounted for as a derivative liability at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in current earnings.
The amendments in this ASU are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted.
We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15

Line-of-Credit Arrangements (Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting)
2015-15&#8221;). ASU 2015-15 allows debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit agreements to be presented in the balance sheet
as an asset. ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 beginning after December
15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company plans to early adopt ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 as of December 31
 2017; the
adoption is not expected to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results of operations.

All
new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations
cash flows or financial position with the exception of the updated previously disclosed above
 there have been no new accounting
pronouncements not yet effective that have significance to our consolidated financial statements.




Liquidity

December 31
 2017
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $62
000
288 which includes a net loss available to common stockholders
of $8
606
578 for year ended December 31
 2017. During the twelve months ending December 31
 2017 the Company net cash used in
operating activities totaled $8
418
125. While these factors alone may raise doubt as to the Company&#8217;s ability to continue
as a going concern
 the Company&#8217;s sale of an aggregate of $15 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate of 4
833
329
shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to 13 accredited investors between December
30
 2016 and March 14
 2017 is deemed sufficient to alleviate substantial doubt regarding the Company&#8217;s ability to continue
as a going concern.

Our
current operating plan for the next twelve (12) months plans on a sufficient financial condition and we do not contemplate obtaining
additional financing. However
 if our sales volumes do not meet our projections
 expenses exceed our expectations
 our plans change
we may be unable to generate enough cash flow from operations to cover our working capital requirements. In such case
 we may
be required to adjust our business plan
 by reducing marketing and other expenses or seek additional financing. There can be no
assurance that such financing
 if required
 will be available on commercially reasonable terms if at all.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.




























The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







At
December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of revenue with its customers:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All
    other
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


At
December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its
customers:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All
    other
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


*Revenues
and receivables from customer A are derived from a customer located in Sweden. Revenues from all other customers were mainly derived
from the United States.



































Tabular disclosure of the nature of a concentration
 a benchmark to which it is compared
 and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Inventories
consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Finished
    goods
    
    
4
137
239
    
    
    
2
142
032
    

    
    
    
1
204
560
    
    
    
270
143
    

Less:
    Inventory write down
    
    
(36
294
    
    
    
(200
805
    

Inventories
    net
    
    
5
305
505
    
    
    
2
211
370
    




































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





Property
and equipment consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Furniture
    and equipment
    
    
341
159
    
    
    
291
626
    

Less:
    accumulated depreciation
    
    
(278
517
    
    
    
(258
093
    

    
    
    
62
642
    
    
    
33
533
    




































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Accounts
payable and accrued expenses consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accounts
    payable
    
    
3
003
086
    
    
    
858
131
    

Accrued
    expenses
    
    
3
308
738
    
    
    
896
076
    

    
    
    
6
311
824
    
    
    
1
754
207
    




































Tabular disclosure of the (a) carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business (accounts payable); (b) other payables; and (c) accrued liabilities. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Deferred Revenue and Credits
 Current [Abstract]





Deferred
revenue and other current liabilities consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Customer
    deposits
    
    
    
    
    
    
201
652
    

State
    bottle bill liability
    
    
17
921
    
    
    
12
960
    

    
    
    
17
921
    
    
    
214
612
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Line
of credit note payable - related party consists of the following as of:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Note Payable
    &#8211; line of credit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

In July 2010
 the Company
    entered a line of credit note payable with a related party which carries interest of five percent per annum paid quarterly.
    The Company can borrow up to $9
500
000. The Company has pledged all its assets as security for the line of credit. The note
    matures in January 2020
 at which time the principal amount is due. During April 2015
 the Company issued $4
000
000 of convertible
    series D preferred series in exchange for cancellation of $4
000
000 of this line
 reducing the amount to $4
500
000. During
    March 2017
 the Company issued $1
000
000 of common stock in exchange for cancellation of $1
000
000 of this line
 reducing
    the amount to $3
500
000.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Long-term
    portion
    
    
3
500
000
    
    
    
4
500
000




































Tabular disclosure of short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders
 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







The
difference between the effective income tax rate and the applicable statutory federal income tax rate is summarized as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Statutory
    federal rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State
    income tax rate
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Permanent
    differences
 including stock based compensation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Change
    in valuation allowance
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Difference
    in foreign tax rates
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Effective
    tax rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





At
December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company&#8217;s deferred tax assets were as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Property
    and equipment
    
    
(7
000
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    deferred tax liability
    
    
(7
000
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Federal
    and state net operating loss carry forward
    
    
11
767
000
    
    
    
17
248
000
    

Foreign
    net operating loss carry forward
    
    
1
455
000
    
    
    
    
    

Other
    temporary differences
    
    
39
000
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    deferred tax asset
    
    
13
261
000
    
    
    
17
248
000
    

Net
    deferred tax asset
    
    
13
254
000
    
    
    
17
248
000
    

Less
    valuation allowance
    
    
(13
254
000
    
    
    
(17
268
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]





The
calculation of the fair value of the awards using the Black - Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the Company&#8217;s
stock price on the date of grant as well as assumptions regarding the following:



    
    
Year
    ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Risk-free interest
    rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Forfeiture
    Rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





A
summary of the status of the Company&#8217;s outstanding stock options as of December 31
 2017 and changes during the period ending
on that date is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Weighted
    Average
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Term
    (Yrs)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

At December 31
 2015
    
    
4
634
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
300
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
327
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

At December 31
 2016
    
    
5
636
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
317
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
190
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
007
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

At December 31
 2017
    
    
4
602
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
12
476
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2017
    
    
3
250
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





The
following table summarizes information about employee stock options outstanding at December 31
 2017:



    
    
Outstanding
    Options
    
    
Vested
    Options
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Range
    of
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2017
    (000&#8217;s)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2017
    (000&#8217;s)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

$0.20
    - $0.53
    
    
1
135
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
135
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
062
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
228
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
169
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
602
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
251
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2017







Future
annual minimum payments required under operating lease obligations at December 31
 2017 are as follows:


Future
Minimum Lease Payments



Year
    ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
116
720
    

    
    
    
120
078
    

    
    
    
102
455
    

    
    
    
339
253
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016








































































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
































































































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Apr. 30
 2015
Mar. 14
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016








000
000











100


300









294


805









800
000


300
000









000


000









978











300
000


000
000









600
000






















960
910)


354
332)









606
578)


433
769)









418
125)


363
412)














Number of shares issued
 value



000
000











833
329































000
000










Provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares
included under the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1
 2016.





































300
000

































700
000


















































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
















































































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
d)



























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.

























































General descriptive information regarding an arrangement under which employees and directors receive: (a) awards of equity shares
 equity share options
 or other equity instruments; or (b) the entity incurs liabilities to them: (1) in amounts based
 at least in part
 on the price of the entity's shares or other equity instruments; or (2) that require or may require settlement by issuance of the entity's shares. Such an arrangement is usually provided to employees and directors to compensate them
 provide performance incentives to them
 and to attract or retain their services. May also include pertinent information particular to a plan that is not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy.




























The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).























































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











137
239


142
032





204
560


143





294)


805)



Inventories
 net

305
505


211
370



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











180
000


000







Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








517)


093)





642


533










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

159


626







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








425


951













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











003
086


131





308
738


076





311
824


754
207







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Deferred Revenue and Credits
 Current [Abstract]










652





921


960





921


612





























































































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2017
Jan. 31
 2017
Apr. 30
 2015
Jul. 31
 2010
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016












500
000


500
000



Carl DeSantis [Member] | CD Financial
 LLC [Member]


















333











5% Note Payable - Line of Credit [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CD Financial
 LLC [Member]
























500
000


500
000











500
000















  2020







5% Note Payable - Line of Credit [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | 5% Series D Preferred Stock [Member]
















000
000




000
000











000
000




000
000







































































Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Apr. 16
 2015
Aug. 26
 2013
Oct. 31
 2017
Jan. 31
 2017
Apr. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016














000

















883


666
























































































Carl DeSantis [Member] | CD Financial
 LLC [Member]
























333

















000
000


























Securities Purchase Agreement [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CDS Ventures of South Florida
 LLC &amp; CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | 6% Series C Preferred Stock [Member]




















200


































000













Securities Purchase Agreement [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CDS Ventures of South Florida
 LLC [Member] | Short Term Loan [Member]




















000













Securities Purchase Agreement [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CDS Ventures of South Florida
 LLC [Member] | 6% Series C Preferred Stock [Member]







































000




000



















000

















  2018





Securities Purchase Agreement [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | 5% Note Payable - Line of Credit [Member]




















650
000













Amendment Loan and Security Agreement [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | 5% Note Payable - Line of Credit [Member]


















000
000















Amendment Loan and Security Agreement [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | 5% Series D Preferred Stock [Member]


















000


































000

















535










000







  2020

















































Preferred stock redemption price
 percent





































































































































































The per share amount of a dividend declared
 but not paid
 as of the financial reporting date.



















































































































Date the preferred stock has been redeemed
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

















































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Details Narrative) - CD Financial
 LLC [Member] - Carl DeSantis [Member] - Office [Member]















809







Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jan. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Apr. 30
 2016
Mar. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016












997


000




























999
948


000
000













575


300



Carl DeSantis [Member] | CD Financial
 LLC [Member]
















333















000
000



















































000
000











333
333




333
329


























000
000






































071















300















326




















126






























126






























252




000











000




000






























































































































































































































































































































Value
 after forfeitures
 of stock or other type of equity granted of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).




























Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
















State income tax rate
 net of federal benefit






Permanent differences
 including stock based compensation
















































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











000)







000)














767
000


248
000





455
000







000







261
000


248
000





254
000


248
000





254
000)


268
000)







































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.





























 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)















































































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.
























































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











994
000)


219
000)



Operating loss carry forwards
 net

400
000




















The new bill reduced the blended tax rate for the
Company from 38.5% to 25.4%.







100
000)












Operating loss carry forwards
 net

700
000


























Operating loss carry forwards
 net

000










































































Amount
 before allocation of a valuation allowances
 of deferred tax assets attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards including
 but not limited to
 research
 foreign
 general business
 alternative minimum tax
 and other deductible tax credit carryforwards.























































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016































































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding [Roll Forward]








636
000


634
000





190
000


327
000





007
000)


000)





000)


000)





602
000


636
000





250
000





Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price [Roll Forward]
















































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Fair Value [Roll Forward]


































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Intrinsic Value [Roll Forward]








317
000


300
000





476
000


317
000



Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Average Remaining Term [Roll Forward]















































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.


















































































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.



















































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.












































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















Number Outstanding at December 31
 2017 | shares

602
000


















Number Exercisable at December 31
 2017 | shares

251
000























Number Outstanding at December 31
 2017 | shares

135
000


















Number Exercisable at December 31
 2017 | shares

135
000























Number Outstanding at December 31
 2017 | shares

062
000


















Number Exercisable at December 31
 2017 | shares

016
000























Number Outstanding at December 31
 2017 | shares

228
000


















Number Exercisable at December 31
 2017 | shares

000























Number Outstanding at December 31
 2017 | shares

169
000


















Number Exercisable at December 31
 2017 | shares

000























Number Outstanding at December 31
 2017 | shares

000


















Number Exercisable at December 31
 2017 | shares

000
































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of exercisable stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Jan. 18
 2007
Apr. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2017
Feb. 28
 2015
May 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013



























699
000




699
000


































600
000



















007
221

































































































































500
000


100
000








600
000


250
000


500
000


























000
000


















Provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares
included under the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1
 2016.





















200
000


300
000


600
000






































300
000


































200
000


600
000












































Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.




























Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























General descriptive information regarding an arrangement under which employees and directors receive: (a) awards of equity shares
 equity share options
 or other equity instruments; or (b) the entity incurs liabilities to them: (1) in amounts based
 at least in part
 on the price of the entity's shares or other equity instruments; or (2) that require or may require settlement by issuance of the entity's shares. Such an arrangement is usually provided to employees and directors to compensate them
 provide performance incentives to them
 and to attract or retain their services. May also include pertinent information particular to a plan that is not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy.

























































The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).

























































Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Gross value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















720





078





455





253
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016






000



CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | Office [Member]















809









Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities.




























Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 08
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016






190
000


327
000














444







Options exercised
 value

000



































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( 'F :$P?(\\#P    !


0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/,6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+"
MWTG] E!+ P04     !Y@&A
O]]L[NX    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O

$\#1W< #.,,-KT74]$$OU3VSI +LDIV26U#B.]=B67-ZA



!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS


M.0K9



DP @
TN!$]AV21BA\(T'8
H9
ME1ESXSO^8 ALPL.@8=_H!)&
%?=@@SIP*;&-
P O%5  R=48&]CD
KD]17

MYAS#L/]QZ&[B'V409C&C A\!.#0X#2ZM
LB()-C/!DUNR8;+DZM 5+07E]:5


  ' /   8

V$(9?Q=#]KCC#DQ38




M?AL??MNM


N=_#Y




#$= 8E8TLQ9!A(9$B #WA52
D'PAJ-LY!!0QMP:53WB2.0C(/6GJ















1)N.]\G8X:2?[DHP7]C%7U!+ P04     !Y@&A,J2R?=F(#  R#





R;X7@;[W YA<4#Z!1 [P$@_C. 30'L=T ^%#^2#:5^*%RQ6;7VEK3C




\$F36N*%OI]X+6XZM\AU[




2





HES;
J\[OY/


M
Q WA#PRD'0(63
0?X$D

%CF,46)ZM%+R<X9O
*6%=G VS^@!R2(N77JD96M@*

P32K%*E]QK
2!T!K_3 *3VV2F $/$Z%VV+J!U['XTIZ73I:/-7&




6O:UH\^



&ULC9C=;N,V$(5?Q?!]UN0,24F!8R!64;1
MP1;;'NMV$QLK&2YDA)OW[[4SWIE\C#87




M3I/



ML4AGLW=;TF!2D@6_!T-B((M;=+,[22)B9G!S*60N0&TM@10BL8'Z8A%$K.$
MB4L$9MU$0F ^4LA'&020NYE_9_R'WP@5&+XBYC@*00D)+]G81\&7*Z
1_




MI9_G'F/N



M
 S^*U%^0'-PUVTZ 5*OU;1)FW1JU?9S#@Q$S0M+PM']^SJ!HZQC^T)LX^?Q
M8\?)!F-?7 O@R:N2VN6T];[;



W

M-A:*RN^XYT5FS4#L./N.ARM.]BG.I@S!.(KX#\4[C)Z+Y#K)V#D033F'
2==
MYLP9#-GG$NE:B4/Z%SQ=AV]7%6XC?/N'PG\0[%8)=I%@]]\6UW*V'XJPQ4P5

MDW:!;:#I




/&1%'Y
M1^YYD5DS$#OVON/AB;?'!'M3!F=L1;Q#\0Z]UV*[3S-V#413S&F

M]CE%LI;BE/P#3];ANU6%NPC?_:%POTZ0KA*DD2#];XEK


MA^

M;:#I

]:

M

'
&0?4[!





^^I.!;*8[\

M\?&'-E

0WQ
M


;^
M)=:.M9R%@WLCG[K*MSF]I:26@S2/YKQ*\SU7%,R%_\=+B Q/C!'*61+JZD
M')PW:F9!*4J\3'NGXSY.-VDRP[8!? ;P!7 ;\[ I453^67A19-:
Q$Z][T5X


MFPKW$;Y_IS#=)D@W=)(D/ZWQ*V8ZP])V*JGFP3I\F1T@PZ3O+*NPSL'8]O

M971S+W-H965T
3



MD-
M?7

-? 7_K;O88+&9I9(:C)-HB(4ZIP_;TWD?XU/ =PF#

5_AANH$!Z5A!PE*I=64O;.HYY8
M@A0M7L==FK0/X\WN.
'6 7P\!EP3'G8F@I?R^\*#*+ [%C[SL1GWA[XJ$W



O






?HT)IXTJJP3I4LXI/1?'7




5QUHX6]L#P9O&NNT

R3[^S*W Y!20-G1_R@M7 _3Z#L6- ]?7
\

:/F9



M@Q59)QKX N%K=W9HL9FEDAJ



KTAV*]^B]



/8O
W+GX!4$L#!!0    (


F;=*IT[K/7.(DJ( S()?NWP](FF5K


@
M14+C!POUWA'J0

M0;H''#_#7


M86_;(!#]*X@?4&*2M5%D6VHZ39NT25&G;9^)?;91@?
 Q]V_'V#7LS9K7X [
4-7QQ@];_CJ#PK&@&7US/
NV\]'!RKP7+7P%

M.'Z$N9YWE

-SV;8-H#/


MSD=CGUT'X

C^6^)6S.U?2=BJ

.D[RRKL
[%T2W^1W^#3MC]RV0CMR
1Y?-O:_

M^
$60T+CP_$CGNTT9I/A33__(+9\X_(74$L#!!0    ( 'F :$S1GC-'M0$

 S]%4$?



;E-V#413S&F,X<N8
M.8(A^YRKZ4X\7_@?!V^6U6XB_#='PKWZP3)*D$29+_EK@6<_@K5OT5(&M



/8O
WSM\!4$L#!!0    ( 'F :$QC&8\XM0$  -(#

=)


M4!
#=4[O-L?3+N CX$7 8!=G$BJY(+X&XUN5TR0D!!)*%Q2XWZYP#U(&(9_&

V



8%Y]

MI


/8O

K?



Q7^&*R@
MCTHP1V653RNI!A^LGEE0BA8OTRY-VL?IAM_-L&T GP%\ =RF/&Q*E)2_%T&4
MN;

KTAV*]^B]EOL[GK-K))IC3E


8!H3-%]L1SB @  ' T  !D   !X
M;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
C


0)GJOREJO
MXJ





M8 0HF*^#0(%8










#KY.\#


DZ0J0LJFJ5FJE5:JFSUX8P(J-J6V6].\[-H2B
ME!?;,S[GS,7C?#+VQ74 GKQJU;N=MX/1\9<U8$6[L8
T.--8ZP6'DW;
C=8


M!]'#_ _A[-%BZTJM=30.VEZ8J$IZ$-Z/&4!'P'/$B:W.9-0R


M/N;L&H06S&G&\ TF71$







_N*2#L:^N ?#D7:O69;3QOCLPYHH&M' WIH
6;RICM?!HVIJYSH(H

M0J@\$%!X':!1U J&$:;Y
FG4


%%
)#)ABC

K%E12]\T9/*IB*%N_C+MNX#^/-_DI;
M)_)P&??22P
5#


$96Q'O
'F'WDO.]SQE
MER T88XCAB\PVQG!4'T.P=='/E_=+Y.WZUFN(OTW3+Z[=VZ0+(JD$2!Y)\2
M=Y]*7,,DGX*P14\UV#I.DR.%Z=LXR0OO/+ //+[)7_@X[3^$K67KR-EX?-G8
M_\H8#YC*Y@9'J,$/-AL**A^.=WBVXYB-AC?=](/8_(WS#U!+ P04     !Y
M@&A
\



M@&A



R8TY2^.IYDT_K@8$76BP:^




M3V;\!'
]!TKFXK_ #12&!R68HS3*Q964@_-&SRPH18N7:9==W

M()ICSE

7\6D2P1#]B4%WTIQYO_!^39\MZEP%^&[-?P^V2;8;Q+L(\'^'X+T
M38E;
6]5LE5/-=@F3I
CI1FZ.


M;]L@$/TKB!]0$F*G461;:CI-G;1)4:MMGXE]ME'!N(#C[M\7L.MY&5\
=[Q[
M[X[CG(U*OYH6P*)W*3J3X];:_DB(*5N0S-RI'CIW4BLMF76F;HCI-; J!$E!

I]?@ ^





MP73#.X
4[+\*XH/

M:&5E=#



MOA7^S:OK?=6T/28D9LC6C#G&4,WF'A%$,N^2M0Q)G^$T[#X;M@ACL?OMNJ


M%'T5Q 

MI .:5]L ./*F56LSVCC7'1FS10-:V!OLH/4W%1HMG#=-S6QG0)21I!7C27++




M
0X; \7


S

M%'T5P@-



MZGE34K&B=I/8VIY%$O.C*HL:GH4CCU7%Q+\UE/R\='WW8G@I#KDR!I+$#3O








]'1;B%T

#L;B76MQ :C4XTQ3#!J%H8)L1CC=!8(T1@@@O
48'YX]7R/?SZ

$%     @


IZ@9!(

ED6K*3TC4









U]K/3



MF08
GV1B#
S*K2.+3XS

P-1 K6V4MKXDY#0;0;(1!!MN







M:$Q

V+GAM;'V4



M_@!02P






MQ^$,.Y R*&-W[


%OM$:Z^
[:D_-&S2IH1?'7- H=QRFM;
J9=IM0SH1R

V8IX0I5Y@+Q.X:L1*A:&!Q4=YT44;^_3\NV&T!=E. 70ML+E(DR$.$



M ?.11 2I1U6U4BM%5UW[[
 2T!E

P$

F:I6J.PMPSA
MT4T+39C'$1
L

$](M\B\!\(4@9F%X'516#X^
Y%9!? 5@%L!
([@7A5QHB)
M#:8SF'=!LHO\9%6




MYJ86DE-MCK+!:I! *T?B#
=AF&).NSXH

@YE7\/P
24
7N\GE
M3!4<!?O=5;K-@\\!JJF(]-/8OH*<SZ[ 

 .WD1@?I6#*?5$Y*BWX


BDF)#T

(DWEVE



;O*=.='VF

M.?O5E*K.W
1U2JCHG:EG/GR&J9_0=:;FO\(#F)8;$OV
@C-I?YWB+A5OIQ2-


<MPKR3X(TP$SA[U+X


M6W\OM#BYDKX1L6MZ:1SY4J?9GOF*LX5Z$SO28?6^A::%PPJ9::QGHOQOS@N
M%.^G:P;-=UW^%U!+ P04     !Y@&A



2YX;6Q]5-N.FS 4_!7D#UAS
VDB0.I25:W42M%6
M;9\=. 2T!E/;=N_KR\L98'V)?8YGAG/.,;IR,6S; 4]]*Q7F:H46HX82S+

MKJ/B]R


QOU U4T


D%M(['WZ0D']D

0Q6;G90X3'Q]\V073-D8^9X7'DAF\Q[7K:H
(B3

S%PQJ9:8'/1?N W2%


G

MXXA,(3@44)H.&CD2)#B!YUB TA'A!0.[IZNE98XQE]&RQ=L4U6UL=QK+
M!9&K3CW_^C\Y8USVGC(_B%-T4D(&LV@Q7@_C39(.@Z1^9^)!)@MO). 'R;7)
M$L)
KC$K .
XUYAG !
.




MWU$JB
SI/


F#9@
MGP;118-(&T13#6)M$$\U2+1!





M)'((!I0 0E
K4 *7V1$(
TH IEQN,4$HI69(K+3K--8XO51&E0!64U=?



$5D;OV9.



M'./_RI
LW29(-CTFGB#]A^#^QN

8!H3+;'(NC




X?'_SOFD'+P?SG-9L
MQ?

M7+%:]EX7?AS/O&OC2&&6'88



M.



00IR#    /



M 


/+2-%3\VP+C_<8/_0_'<WVNE'&0(N_H&7Z#^M/MA;;(




@2(0@=(1C&[3$
$^-,E1(AAX/8)AW![!
@.+_U!+ P04     !Y@&A


.&F.WZ.I




M60HD P@S'.=SX152!B)E %*\0



$%

M1'D!V\SNS!A[[:1E_$WDE$KKO2IKL;%S*9NUXX@LIQ41SZRAM?IR8KPB4G7Y
A#C(7P5MQ:AM
M:2L'QMYTY^MQ8[M:$2UI)G4*HEY7NJ=EJ3




.M: EIA!D@$F/&&
M

'$]WW


M&)-4:72?U73DZNXS=$IZDKH9J3;O+@!=1[*FO]PXPPTK_0=02P
$%     @



M7R.2&-\A04TD-C^]
#%W3&8A:/C/N92(H*2:\)LM 1@FBW!%R'W,A)$.%
M9(B0R!&8*Z$W

HQ]]^(E#14'.K5JCH!M7)KI1@:)/'P&
MRD-7# 9R2U5P5AD9B(-M(M*K^+%5I@:=1:=&]12;RNK$5Z:!V8K[03-TOY]$

7S0-ZK6#7=:4-@K
0C@S.Z.E]UQ=GD5[5-WXEQZ+W75=O_).7Y+@BZW8G71;<0

\9WL713J\LRWO*IZ3XK'


7:BZH9O;W?II*BU%T6E+E[&:]D

M(-0&H6$0C

M
GCN'6G


/&: 1,G84((,39CXQ29:(J;$8HAH1@0B@UL16(TIS8A  N
M9*F34 ())8!08A!*K$#OE)ZD-B


ME!@2)5- $6ARNHQQ@LE05//V.

MOV[&P?=+T1[+IO

M=*%W;6\BZRZO^I
NBMY2UX^?UJA_\]DWG-Z_6?\R#+X;S$O6Z$^F^)[OV]/&


7O@76QV


MQ6! 3 TD(38@H0$Y&)!W!MALD*-&#9IJU$1A-[L)1PHZ4L 1GSDFCC3B+H
M) ).Q
S)J$DFHV&K24_NO


&-%T_PQ)A29
M/X;Q9(A/)[)(1$46T\D0GO.98D73J1*N.!5_3B+EL/#,'XL7H/%2V//R:5
M(52=N0?B0LFE2%4G40C$9%HCE'E-6$


JI#+$1*8



MT:)#(B!R\AQ

M%].VIAP.! _&M+KK2[CJ^G+2V?[V4.A#V]_&W7T]GGN.#ZTYVS/=X':PO/T?
M4$L#!!0    ( 'F :$QJBU-D
@

M:&5E=#4R+GAM;(U7[6ZC



E
M*^0_.U[E5




Q L_/S)54&!;JOKO[
0R




M.\:L3(RG8^Y



 (2)SL[LKTH'P%2I)\2_XCM D*;4)

M65;B^L!  #S!   &0   'AL+W=O

KW
FR
M!8KE ^^!Z2\U%Q0KO10-DKT 7%D2)2@*@A11W#&_R&SM)(J
#XIT#$[DP.E
M6/PY .%C[H?^M?#2-:TR!51D/6[@.Z@?_4GH%5I4JHXDQUGGH Z]Q_#_3$U

0(Z39^SYK^8FF(Z_E5
M_=EFUUG.6

/TO(9X)\3MA8\-/G=FH3UCA
M(A-\]
3T9_78G(EP'^O-+$W1[IW]IM-*7;T4211DZ&*$9LQAPD0K3+@@D%9?



A[U/\!0  R!0  &0




M6L65UNT2(556P*EZ$TTYN0H)*?:F/*$5N!'AR)
X1GLPQQ6C=QD3O?3A:Y


@T<8,L9L[C'S 8&,@D$&#LE8XT*=)+B'H/'B.T](L%A

MMMN%V4L_1KRA1=M/2#2

!%5



MV5.\C/).NHY7\.0AS9;1!OZ9/7Z3K[


M1_QA$*H/Z6KSE









M3FSS4IO^QNR67

Y[[


MO)G'V:?X]]^IMI'G\4




F15II
%+H4/7#O\;)
1* 4**JB;E G ]<.-G6(?.I()01!#0$_KDK7R#9


M4G_[0*)#[31LA:GQ)4N2N$%)XF(%.AU)$LV?6(R?-NW8B2:'E[1W^XQRSN)#
MX[M$$*H_J_/4:BZCQ^3U:J0L(QN-=CO*^N[AP!E@?8EL




MR
V

98:9X&ZZ

U?EM1

MN6D
!YK

# N*&PBW&;8)+? ]L99NI

M


MPJ]Q '&&+BZ4%I.;MO*C
J001D$10$W[



XK]@+SR9;T%\LDV?]N'[%H( )-O%'&]=-$=6&R/E




M
DSZ]-]#URE^E@
3FSUY'/Q@I%\E5C7O

MIQCE'P!N@R)&!NJA/9)FIQE2;G@5\6K+)@?\




4$R;Z6#'Y[)V
M5QH@





9X %NE)]VBD= H)(
M*C11B?(N;VUX_A0!R-D+[=.WZBE]!@S*?!NKE#Y[#[7QRMDC8B_L04::7
/A

M]4PU&T3]%RC/G$R?I/YN\4?67A$FMB$ +=UB!$^T1!KDHQ)#-CRD=UO-3#8O
MMBQN-5V*(!QF8.(EH\;))BI$ ?E

.+I%M6

M5L 0U.)9':=I.^JO
;-^M+

M&TIM\PJ*
M.R0T@YBCX3=;@%!M
Q.%5)A%D%=C].UV05AH3\$(LHS^COR1CI*'D.
$X@YS


M:&






OGM\J)5=*!=-Q:/^ZR
CQA:
M)








+'\W5^YC


M\KQA7/R


MCIJRDV)&)CY0_^=X4!D=U 


ME5(%1/

M/6;IE
+C%A
MA3P@&=6SXETDF1:^1TUCL:B5%;NX^LODZN[ZUA%];FP .DP:V6!C^+F[BDD/







)G^:B._4Z.VS)TYC







MHE0
$(0#I8U:W5+



\ YYE:EQY%%\* 2/AUW4@4IO7?#CE6:.?T[OKLS]6+64MSE](\C6+/

I4P%AK-_1


ME@/_U+R&[7+%D=UQ9%9EM9) 4A0%((1D^Y!UN\5;G);


.I_7(RT_C _HL*0HN


 ;#9!83W9 
L[9=5#-E54'/ 02
MI0+;4&0CP[:


2WB5CBSY^;

MNK8J
2%E

VKC :I#ISLWQ!SW]Q

)@J6&(NXVTP

I/X@R UB%!%604D%NC0T./2QU'N
M4!N)B0

Y$@2CC7R1]U3QE;\#9U9




MI@A\#?B7;RQ;Y0KIB;2AW-2!YZI*/#.5%Q8ILJ2/4%0RLO8]$:VY2+'8^'#9
M;7XI]\: 1/ (M^I1F&G@G_:[_NATT'9QUQ7A5(/FU4![Q(YC\;S%^(']V
1^

M;YZB3WA2I
 Z)B1UB^6TJ.1!P6E;$JP?I(A6]2.RKVQ?MD_64EB]UFIY--4C^+I
%J#RSLU$
M^+[N=Z$AS]4ICJBH6)5G*HQX9O.XBM5KRW49#BJD\ XGZC&VP?@_&&(Q9?
M&A=P<3H-\2.'%+&C3 T==A-[I3D+C[*\#4LI3RC98U941\B34:ACWRZ15XH
M5B5'=R9Y#S&30@6!?S+D\8%9AOT1
11=G&KWYWY_








ZDF

M1Z5%@T@L]%,CM9,;7OP+1B1'=K'3TX#G:WV8E.1CI-2W
;.*TP5&2+SJ77
M92?VSZ764L7X*[7^1:GUG3Y$.C13;_%)\([3#
6G!-Q2!J2*D10#6VT^32$@




/-ME

MH8\K


!N&U30+UEA__I;
M:CR $QX:].+.E(W12X*P?_]PXS?@Y_S/(C[UHPP]&
9Z#Z_K'9S=SBB@

73\L(^N#?@RMZP5(RD/9\



9VLU.4K





$1I)
MU +8UD)'AU%Y/HDY
@TP

M5BM
E4Y

MIRBH)*.2^L_1YJ2**Q]&:VB1Y-62C+'?;S _I^T0ZN4;5U%@BIYI*DI&RK
M+YY5Y&T?!:F:7R-!Z!S\[4PS/\3Z[!)N=63%$%FI4 -IR&'AW/6JF''9.
^[R
M


VA$*/

L






M A'I&+?]&




C-@04&(Z97WF
+?K)XQ)J(\_SLGP6Q4NN?= 49FF

MS7H_3(]QX%:V%DBL&?GD[%IL17L\:^7:#E(_A!I5


M/OV%( Y=(-:&*0*9*+&O_+13.@0$D8S:)


SGJ+&C#IY_!H$VAO/@

^?-A2UJ+=))%G.**J0=6!C9AC%=C4


M/E
X%%4#ME7JVJ14$QRO


M^
9CPJ8N?1K&XC

.2!DF7
DJA'$3NJ-U+<



SHRU+_@







 MMH:C;
&XF+E2 QH]/41+H3
M




)62Z;YNK\5/



LY[V. &32O2X&9L&S@/


M)_!O^=X'F?M%R68*TR8Y..*0MJ_0)+8+)F.^9S$F0HG3D=O^ =9X14$3

MP?.-Q;-(/R NOEQB#A=Y2K#Z0RJ[2+)O\B%TGZE_*X[HNN97=-K?J-VF'Q





C8C1E

MPP#+#9T.N^9



\B .9Q+3-1H^
M2RB.*X,W%R]L^[*F*A[3&]YEKJV!Z? PJBP;;5M XK^\9SJ
@&^24Y S
&P

MD;6O58'_VU4%;L.-QHJP-6WU:Z79KY5F_S4KS;;A]^Z:LGNQ\KNOM6R_UK+]


ZA;$QS.N=/TT1_VH_




MK]R%CG7(WZ8+78TIO5%3MM&?852BV)!X;UL8M82;ONK BNVW_ 
TD31W:KU$
M P/H^=Z :E&JZ?G'/$:Z@VUOZE22LG_J%/!SZX@G[L]*H1^6A-1 P'7PA:+@
MBQHILV


@+\=7EY=EK!0

M'W:H$NY@P_3S@=44G+WS=@GP^ET!R

'CX





MNK9$%X/1K[%=[41Q/[);-V!(HA2?-J5EZ?BK?P7X+LL1;11]Q/4[=[*RWVYI

[9;\ R

F5@9$WKZ9S6J2N&33I\


E6^=U-RC1



<


JJ6[

M?*T(J:TMTLU]@E[HQ/]:8*T3













/ KUG!5+&!H%3[($TKHG6H

MW-9&8:G(-IK.\9C@!E-D)54.:B@3X1Y*8P:%E:-H6=E1RSJP0:TE-T9.22D%


;\L&!U9
(U)7P=5




WN3D4I&7ZSB[1!1
\



7[51?ZU&=S_J
MYNM377]E?^_*JKUWMEVWOYU

M


]693K




M'L81\Z
9FZDL2
-DV([? LAK!/*:%O+1S\+
TK D59F*\A?:;+E8^ #R!H&\
MH84

94Y\3%64J&T(6Y^]5RH)EFD)
^?5(A)F88EU@Q(RB6IWZ4^4&?'$<I-.+
M2^R7(7SOX_E



%Q

+.WTO3_@[9
(%P

8MP8HN@Q0V_AIB84#BQ4-#BAM] 3
PQG'RF
M\N*]4T^DP 0CB 7SF@?02$FIAA!W1'#/,@N(8F''%.X0@H'($VQLXI' &%

XX@-LYK_GX.


D!QB

(XB)OI8A=L^I1LJO=
1@?T!B[I'D[H&U

$ZD^-JFK79%)591_86K=V_TN4J:5C_





MIE

-WF?M8^/NDN-V;IE/Q;D
MI\L1/UK:'6H''-R3-N=HT:E^?_*!V]U06D]CYU/5QV;'XZ5(SZD:6+_P

I16.4HKG(46#F*K )%5H$B
MJT15:#(*E!D%2BRA19!8JL D56@2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:)
M(JM$D56BR*I09%4HLBH4616*K I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE!D52BR%BBR%BBR%BBR


M(\\#P    !

8!H
M3)E<G



O


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4
M !Y@&A





M.2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !Y@&A
:
4A@K4!  #2 P  &0


M+W-H965T

  !D


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4
M     !Y@&A









M Q0    ( 'F :$S1GC-'M0$  -(#   9                0PY  !X;]W


9CSBU 0
MT@


2YX
M;6Q02P$% ,4     !Y@&A
X1(]0K0!  #2 P  &0              @ 'D


M965T
C

  !D


4
8!H3FX0=VV 0  T@



\
F]5;@!

M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 'F :$Q8487M@$  -(#   9              
$T  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O
M<VAE970S,YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !Y@&A


Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0
M   ( 'F :$Q==N__N $  -(#   9                8!1  !X;]W;W)K


M !D              ( !;U


RYX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     !Y@&A
:Y@FVP  ;   &0              @ 'K50

T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 'F :$Q1$8$'
MT@
   

M



M@&A





8!H3+;'(NC P  !!   !D









M:&5E=#0Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 'F :$P1_W[2@P
  -T/   9




A[U/\!0  R!0  &0


M;F=S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 'F :$RL3BF$/ (  ( *   -
M    038  !X;]S='EL97





begin 644 0001615774-18-001689-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( 'F :$PT-;/HI\L  IO@ 1    8V5L:TR
#$W
3(S
2YX


!/DS@?X53[HQ6'+






Q'YX
MTRM)P7

M%^1
<O=-K\4CHL043*4;.*X
TA-(EF@JHP

M.+U&S+2L:22NVZAIU)RM.?L%1GR13=Z-%KP(/B]8\=SP1..4S_Q@OOC^XB5
M\.II\^L7KX^X#NY_B\)T?!@\BP'TR\%Q%&&T L=1^.(YU*R';5WF??S[AW_

MA-4
(FW:M)81_\!E9S+;I65'R\XAR

M)J \65;2!I\W:+.UTM!*0RN-Q96&D
T5:C
V[&D 5+VZW2:EP3]WLNHUUD^!

*RGPGI?+
M?)8KUKA+,U26]-'^U9+P1_.8TD-



5K'[*N.V?J]Z+#ALK*P[3&LP
558 C\.' %+S_I


;;-QG)V;N23@:PZ]TO1Y]&Q^GR1 


M?;U(?6FFVQ^FJ[;Z.I![4K?+256X;76?U9=FNOUANBVKKX[2H*%3;-!PPGQV

7KY1!B(Z58B!9ER%J9EF
MITRSK<L<2P,@Q0LZ-=41WVL&
#8X&4-60!#
TV%F*80@A0?QOJPRJ6EK[



+2X\BV76_\['5U]7A[V-'%SYS=/H+O07Q]O9E]_Y





M!XB-?WECOOFUVVPW.V:WH R584OX)Z]2X#;Z
DTP9HC*J P(?JGJP A3+L
:A<Q?3/[7- Z&\-(I6:C)$L#=
6:#==[38/H&:OV3
W3[SE

A^'?@]T5LB#&D


\N0IT[6:S




M&[=QYMD?U+2M59@&=G+89$8^A44[_7Z4


M B.#EJ=INMH]7@N0BPCV@8/;U
M+-I-L]TV%3.G#KKLA NYJ[9E-;OF8A-*?7C-^LQ[0)4(#[W81G3;G79O6NF6



N28H7X+.%: L4F#R_L#%T#@#
M.'LR

H%:@]AAFM)J'S7G %3.


V=[$5A+

D


H$2\Z]+!:.NO91K]E::.J3
$XN
M![^%H1O?@+N^%NUC=IO-9J^KAB@*DZP P]*:IPGB8[6;\. %_+&HOJ/'II,
MU:Z\\[ Z+=#%DN6S+0J-



.B!Z^_\%[_)1J5EYY





MOW2AM2HEM[?A#+A(T=XY



.VZ0%U:C#M';6LU
M4





G9S<GUQ17]?GAN?





M'*
2\.(AS19 Q
/.29J R\
IP9P O)8YA#B-Y!. 0E#F(S.?L+B)(NPB$
M-4GF$BB.8\_)N-'XXHT\O(X OPKNC;^'U+M $H1;P3%3-R5PI1-?3($OV/Q
MN9^C&X$\S^S,N  HM63
$)8 Y&H6@RF;ARGW=])!QALK8LRVLQC6[8CD


0^
@/E\
M?'-Q@_[TU?79S=FW6_*W
TC0[[[Y_O7K\?4_\9F;B]^^79Q?G!Q_NS6.3TXN


DU\G?


!S[





M+:YFO$


P7G!\!?AR0LEVG$

MS[\[.;M\WR!K#I_0FGGL

M!'0:Y



AXE5G:8:L16QG4UTU1L
3*\)95!BGI:
MJ*
X'8]]#_1

=:-W

M='!SK8R&(PKO?(;IVLCH8W6R*\T/_.*FL
%SY%76

MZV$H)K1'U$FNRBWFO+!1]H(XB5+N^I+Q+6'!@CD$[BOP'MG+/CA08+61];A+


E78S!OH3FGG)2REPCP
H89/$'!2  D6^M


@B ;L#





'(INU/%%=F\+!U?UZF1




M2%V




MI_WAQ&QR$L)#$
+B [P-)(UII2!$O(



X1XMZ Y1'-Y7K6PE +)\F

-Y_




8L[U1YEG99G-7$32'$8* WTX@T

L(?'T;AW-IWC W+(^K4R]4SUSXFXD;._EE


)M*Q63
M#!H

QZLJ\H$I/


MEJTQ[H(8% V0[0ELC(L*Z 3;7VL'E4.^KVNDT)Q
+


PO;[K(:S'F5'5
AQ%G=H&OE;5J4+Z$

M
/1#Z1

#1H4!9(


V(B/.&%




M7PJ)PDM.M61HR5A.

M?ZI_EE_W3?%N

LGJK+U5KEJB_&S\FD
$1+4M\X/


8@F) 8C=.

M6UT)#YG2

X5@($^:D)

M.^ CL\(UC2 +8TK+,W@EC(S@_3R'UCFA&B(&)!2) &GH\52WS1XC2;')26


X6.#XY&84TQ<R



M3J;P4&/%C0B
E/S+$(AU?ND]!93.FT*;]O7:DYBMB(:G=T*Q:N51L


R)L L&


MS@RZ)TWP.3-);:O#-1?$?;

MLM^A/?D!VPJ/&V?-RALX9K(A[IH%:VZZR@]IX46*L624G/PG/@+?']&I
M[??DJ

N^$++<XF<(
?V_FYA0F. O_CK=EHVV(^A5\ 6V*FTWPF




MB!2G& M3B0Q'?@B=E!;OW,&4[AIYE;F!)?2T3R.#E*=5,/I,J)A7 ;&
8BT

4)$IY
FBZ,A$]$\ E-*D\58731!5[#9D)8ITU:R)\E$T WDS^
OPR

6
B
!-R(P1D1!)AB@=T<90\H)D#M5Y$(-2S&E
9I5:%N$9





M$WA%#6T/E1H;ZA+'SQV?+P(&PBM;![!B[2@!43@TS'OZ3AQ*5F);O)5HP\R:




MSH]O/HLPBW%\\YU^J5NM6M89D-IEG(C0DVB7=Y+=_?&.QS$[9N?]1X/W60/7

J@3Q\[V$-



M\ICA1U$U OO^W 7!07G&EL(-DVA1
D'OJ&BF\+J8!?8!]&IQ8*7I)#6VIF92
MM'09*LH;_R&+/

MD0GP!QUR^+#GIA]BMB 6C3CR:RI$JQL1ZZ]A]T3:1Z*;I]:OYQW@\ZXBO.TN




BUFT)YE44



M'6WA


MP1UNC66=I9-@WI

YW )((IHP73C^W2^PI

KIF
M@!:1D

'(_C)\?S

M
5&#^&5'9G5\K6*+F0JZ/:=H42)/BFH#N/A$



M9P=



M3IK025A8AH2\X8(
6:(C

Y



8'LB3UU60P]B:]XV&:1+T#





M5ET56\RQ[






M-L-?'_CXL




M5C4S8Z*1(;8%I/
FV+
I%-BD/ @V(:-N7+



M H@=_/+&?C


M3KDJP/ *N

D._
\2[WL3!N +B^./&0A9









MKR?KC/*BYUO@+5-]

I(MU
M#JQ8I[!?02#%GF5)ZNI*BRU7Z=1








N /?7M=V


%P/18RW#QT[4?(DBR'BDFH(
M_$X71&RG(.*HJPLB=;\D/!<<? T&U0GH;=_NJQ2*=2]S&?K@HC*PKP?#*0+
M(M86-%U_
.4;;CG$B0PCRYA;.0 ^;%.








=OBE9Q#8QD]$T




@P]$$U%6-*(K1AUVS3



!46H=\!7@
6QP9L75@T$T43
M(4#!&5/+@Z_40K 3GF4ID!:Q.HT%(IX2\.)
':91
7[D) 1A.)8!(_R+TPL_

8BKC[?DX2OQ!
D)DISLU#/-




J(D4


M@D4::AQ+ND;D&8&+D'ET.

$P-&=+VX

$4(;..8-W 9L2XJ-C0YZ1W

M3/D:KI T!&N&]YQMB+B0P#0I4$..30



)4U!U67DA^1[QP(


MN?
_@V K;0 X2I;=!!AKW0!([J!-0.YES79ZVY8LNYCM\
+H]TXDF2UF@FD7

J2.DPBDCQN4,,A\+U5G<D#4H'##$,?/_2=NM'V&\7#V8^Q%
M7/'G$0MP[ @*T-[)$,QW)&,.O5K//.(&!;\#$S1@C ,U C<)]!:Z)O1N[O^/
MHW

.%R'C(.%MA=S%6PG@QBQ[ V
:X

2):TNC7+[BBA@[(P$!Z]@!UR(@@^

GYO&%\]?Q3R2TUNAP!I;)SQ\

#_V4HS[8

#J&U[2'






C%$^5JVM:1037ON/




M)3K6



ME Y!) ]#+D[E@[^V_

F/;UT
M1_EM*^2\I?G$KJQ&^W5L%2^4]!T+V$#?U;'C'L[OFHWVSA&RL
JM!NHU%VR;


M6

W_HJ[=1W7W2*TN[0Y6POMKHQ


BUCER_]N#I

QO@I\S'=725:SAE])\)N86'TZ$3N

M3=AH'$9X89G27V1)0E8D

4W


M^FR

M?6O5;(L2GX:;TCW$A7YA1L3B


M(0S6[#:
4X*8()!7)L^\


CC

MV.C3-0FQ







GR$
MN !OB4- 7+J;DX]C\.]C
'8^ 22')E?V-'.HF[SO[LCY
M5QAYR9

M

#P+K;$
I

MY2(=(#$H[CW3

'!KA.^1!B79AYTTX29&K89OPX1. %Z:
MG^MY#&KPS6NF9V-Q3RRL
L( V83;ARHFC?I#Y*AB


7%@(

V!%0F/6 _SVO2DJV%!0'







[
%H5[ D$ZK&:&:I@F6[EFU
5




MYK)]3ZJ$E@.!8=E+TS?
%6:CMVP'E 


M_#7

T.P+UZ#



X8


M_I;@+KMAMV%:-TSO?%8UUB\ MZ&BITZSNI2K
CFV7_^V(Q:Q&N:B9=6:0UXE







(Q_A;;






)@_;:8U=

BA'D(&!XK6[&FC9I
YL);S+;!KNO








M-0Y =53
\5C33FVI5
V:


EQ%^GNA

)7/W](X_J]XXP_GGIQWP_C-&*7@Y-P-&9![.!VX)KY

H'&%;Q+IIP7^3D#Y;=KUIO?F5
MT(; &WWF8RNX/@S[RQOS#?T]=EQ7_CV-S1


A43(I

S&5#2=(

C3?-^%S^#^H&V5F.S<[2HWT0+ \'SES(O\D, Q\
[IMR$H)'P793H




M$U-H52S$YAX(1$N%S^5C\Z9/L'V#!Q)V



MR/CYR!_W#V /.Z@-^8)OR&CH$DO ;HI+#JO


MC(-/

MI.@4:#6ESNN]P;#AR0?-TL??O-!T&D2P_:7%55(:LH-L..


'B1UTN)7EBUH;[S*:Y^?[AYM/_
M^_[IZS?ET^^84U
 EHW


ANX)J%SQ:F+Z+^LT)\
M@P]ANAM&0WG@C+


:P'J$8.J7;
(;-LP
$721N4%ACCW%=2ZYLB14:0



;1CQ-A!),
M?.7UV:?+-\)\_G2)FXW-'H+4YFHG[)&(!]^P,.<WLR6#K6YX@;K?^$%7!L#



M$L9S*&C_T$9[%==[4^&&-!=! 9!E)(PUV/5

M
&26\P0CU*E=0015KN 3J#$0.2E.WLA[&9,P#,?XI-O@ IYGI)6
(SVW%(




PN(,6%&T0^G;7//##%A)RB-RNDN5<,BCPSQL*



M8YQV



KKUS7=TV:\WAJXT
MVW!H7W9DK&/ O4/[LADP1[UWH=E](O._UZ+_05SEF81.166\C)DJIW3;*^:

M5


-
R!UXG
=YF1RH/9)^L*%BLM^!L _@]]3<W-L@7IL-CPE1W<
M45.'-=W5N.:3\_&K'^D.T)DY#3V?VE;A59N8B(ZY:2+Z;$[&K^&=)HHMAX(
M/SJ\_8Z/G.M@+=)XPHPU6FG#TSLV[UT,Q@N@^^-@ORSWR9C
N




M8


M0#Y-
?JO[8.T8:<XWDC(LO'
MFMA0

@7.^;D


V(G
MY&G(6UQRL0UQ1Q



?UXBF^X X#A'0@!]EL%76%A[VHI
M=?(^9X*)_0#S

_@&SX)E%F*LHKUQQB=.1




M$KN 'XGBCOF!\B L2:/






M_C33.3]F(WP0/;'BG 8/R1E3C9U1@$(!-?D-08J^]V_ZBH6%EWX@O#]\JA!/


]R^(#7)<K@8.4O;5TKH@YG(%_QP/SY2QN

LK9-
[

)6T?)&_Z3!R<
M;0]3.=U- %KZ*%K\=#J^X/]37W ;]79(C9BO
O2U:BZ!_8Q6= R4EL
_







S&/A3IU'N;K216U&X9W'JUEH




M&81HB





X-Z

#B*B(.U.\ Q &HB=B?]%C05@\YV@

(RQ^K4-V1+








MKV%[$@R^4T*6\
_$$X MDKP
W\QA!T

MCZ^))%+

C
MH*% @&O#GR59T[:+K!6(8

V^*


-

M99;B41HF:5XBO=YC\ L]9;TTE\4I4MSXCOQE7D!5XZ0'&DNGERWZ[SYPZYB.
M&ZBV
)4N4

M?






V\:55/=HH7J






QBL.EXT83@N7MU=.N^'S2D0Z_UK#D%EQNCVE:%$B






I88



M[/A5C'O6YV'Q/


F'@+9B]2!O7C3R)]&.E6=
MZN.QS'WGI7PX'W8/H8N@

M4[TW\+X

P:**((?D57QA2X]Q%H@

.-/(

MIX@3\N.B$#D



MX1S\P@19;

MUKQE6IX1-4H942-N1/U+C/6O&V0\45;YE85?2.W&W\J:RI49^7.O%&RL05/!


O2&8OD4[!KLW^IN8

LZ*#8T&*

:(E9- 8[$C3


0V'E ,5/I/I#5P9?G/Y47()U[/IUX

'6Y!SI









_@2!U6
4H/7]BJJN
!K!@
#TS1J7(.XIJC3A88L9
0I9#=*L62Q& V+)A6/G:*Y3CF/#,/23)U%=
M@CI7H@/^&AUKY+6#:QQ#5:W<YD/7D]M#;W!88_NJ_Z-^I)O&0$<:
:Q;ISD

K(MD38!AZDKF^\ ]S3@7G)[&*4L_CROF4?C7CNH_'E
M
,IO!:7/UPZ^K4;2C\=#+95<6!4\N\2SD((;CM43HWX\TX-5$LM7X8;

M\
'


5JY@*^1_S(%./U.-TG8]7A7A

#^%U7:7/0-R.]!/CJ!C0)

M\9#R
?<*GL1=U9Q\MTYTMD8R*ZZ\%YGP@^$7S

MD;0IO7_9K?X4?2HB:4O

0.
.-G2AR?/KGK!C4&4*

PS^ A7C00]\R+^PU6QA!Z^@1;
M
9![H

[8R57!24@ V@K43/+=:


PM
M_

M2:585+\E#T:#I?3BXIOP5M#DQP!R
ESZGFGBI)T=QL+;N/G5N

MFD^^


M:2)=*D^X1G#W299M XH[)$NM!IE
7ZZ!;78&=R



)'EZ+N7




PB6; 8[G=\HD].M?]&-
X@
MVM-V:C8IVE.0EE59$ZO3;;(FJO-K!0_[ F5EIU#;Z/ET?YLKZ-84?YBBA?
MUG?1:9NJ*%_2-U&;/^_E4;XQOH=6D;Z/)6";H[QZ#=A&UGDI'^\UY*H..




M@)*X-T-L*C:E(KO@1^#_I-266 K!K!K-Y5C2H0)/3TD\H1)*U\!5H;W]W





MB8G49H&$\\'+7DTA?4R%P%[I\C?WL-*6.'=.V4T_/E5 ATYLMIX$@3VE/3



M4[ E5

9:T+P-8V32C%\J*)PYHO=^NAK4CT-%7M

Z10V\C!0? IZ4A!!QE0(

M2M8QX-ZA?=D
S!?#AT4=12?\-B7*H=8\265NP
MPA3KB8
0(^S9N+P9=G'T#7'T*@/GG!Y'J)S1XQ]'TL=J(R+I\/(DAXZ3F(C%

L)V:Z FN5.D4!1'?@R@R8&S=!Z!T?GAH/7L4%-




M@U1#'0[]'FZ\PU%9IWX#J-*

MH#SXH*X5RWMP2ZY/ET'3G@R:U\:HIY\






MC@FWAE+K'0]!&:K/3;QK0=3[.3%L&0^?




M@;38P@OLL+OQH=EQ3DZDL:[IC:)2%R=O?^ +N^-AMV-#ZV(D]/EJS&H)3#

MN+R+5-88J:QB0^ABY1T';G]ZT :]D=;F#@4YFT(Z4EYU='M]%?EGVX5_SV!P

'+;YQZ06

\PGO+'9\*$0Q!F)NXJ4=B(?R
M#]






MA7'2.WWX?(+=2&
@AE


'@3-ZD0(B@AS3\R


M

\DLQ
RA;CRA+PX_?!XHE
MB]YP&Q
U?0]PMIG7FF]@GWH*:3//P=+E@I43YOV8T9GVQN2EDK\_NZ!-'&
MPMP.!FI!@F@MQ82U:
DVU

M-Q;F=C!0Y_;N/*\OQO.Z[QE?-/$K\BS4U:FD/L_.2]XSSBXL9$9XQ7Q_@R

)M




'


M7F@ 39JQAU#M#^79;]VX+4=_'DT\QE3;#P!L!)_RMQ65$S6/#PI$'K&P:9
_
MNJUK'O$45$8]S2/4?K/:1I2]=*UCG(YQ=J-G&^*$M.Q[VV*NI3S:S.D:ANS7
MSMA"#ICLV.?9N9FU._JLC9VI 1EAKGVG.<<][YZ*!3ODYYJE4TGV
G$I':









6./BZGVU


CS8M6T!

M75RMKQ:]L^4E4/J@UK8%V+^$&;L5/O09Z]Q\^Z/U74!S#+BW(5I+^-'?WD;!


M_X.H_2WG]3O39Q_
@%EGWGS!W

S73FF&WQX






M.PNPNTL;%WL+;TRGF9[B4WTMF];*AE\CW

JE


*C
?8[@
K==&.NX?@GVO


M$#1]:3M%_?+6O!/G@UW:UNS!6YPJMFU









M#CSWZW_]'\3\;ZLSGD=AY+

M0 7?$/9X4&4**

?UVSVRZMSWYMC0\4C58/_A1[]KNE'AO;J5\1[49;&[Y6Y
MZ=_:P!OXJ


BIFH



M/V]%;](:K(U6=''-L4%VU&UT7$6K'M@WF]THJ'88MNWK-:JIVYLVZAT7KBS8


M%
M$$3





MMO$7Q);.&=Y
(9SII//63@XK8UW3WROXG +/!/0

M1P'^: 9V-1QQ\(6%[UG1-(1QIM[1 LZ(&'6:


Y[#WE =0

%K.Y3$

I\C$5G.M&BKQ#%ZP%SS!4[%^0'$
0A!(8
&
MAZT[05!2YGKA*P#'FS$?CW+)!MN?A6



G2S0-]


M):-IJJJFC-
=(%ZOL^L# UEF%?E2C).3^IQ_
:1[)$A9!XZZ

M_B


M:X;6*!B4]-X9N7LNW$\NX


MRQF:JV&&S[;VB8]0?:

M\R1B<G&1QW NW.2,3E#8Q@\1$^IQ4VEJZ,/W9 F%P8*SL'TS^_
M TRQ]BF*?RQ)(K$DM@/T93.@(K@:A;/Y(X.SL4N<MS&KA&3]3MSW-4*P11'@
M%E&F-5OV8%DAU@%M95P LLBGX:&@_0X1A3PD;Z1/-MX.\J@':VGCX!U0BTI


MF/A.W_-OWP+PQEO\^BT^^$H

MS ES@*C\\W_!6XEW;[NAM?J&UNL;VB@SM%S

K*9YXB^[Z

M

(7[M\!V


#$W
3(S



M!J3NEKI_4DO=%O+53T\[4WI Q
&V==WIGYUW)&3IMH&MS77G7NT.U9&B=*2?

M3'1005E^2+-8MF5YNWQ%#9?TW



7!'L.?

M6RYV#PH((CO60$?QG5'2$&;A ZP1@VTQA9F/3OW__I25PK9DQ\URY!\65)
MV%4O*R8AW'.0

MO]%
.NG4+4*NX]L[720V\ LJH(A4&#AD6TYMHD-YK009(OJ?76G6L$U-HB


28_&N.A8IX9(OO?6H;#5K@QS%4EU;

8US&*]KG/D!&
M\D,6R9NAJJ@4LOE5N7I




]9SH
9HRYGHW]G /C21O


[I?6HU8(N627O.S
MQ4+[7^0\$(_S

8G8\%RRHA)TVH0!,F8)!#E9&(PN)2
'/3

B$(/#)4.*
HOMGDZ%YN6F3P5*

MIJ
$D9;/C=)
;FJB5*868G3)94


MMV6_R





$



E7#1,<QO@!&\@R@L


H

]F]PG06[EQKT:




79[SJM:_=F]: 0

 MF/

MQ%'4D'@36:A?/99C



ED


FNU


XE2L_^N(@KL_8..6?_2 [.@&3
M

P9'H _5X56/;1S1[C=^)BE[
M


$9
E[#Q@4M?47S7O7\'V/Q_\#4$L#!!0    ( 'F :$R@
MH[-G21   -+7   5    8V5L:TR
#$W
3(S

;2+S<T!=EL*%)'4G[IKR] 40I)



T:1=D@6MI1%F3/3K2*DW7.*^8_)W:?H-6G,]SU'C^S_[Y_L7OB=Y^
MV?


M#+H9'G8$D72ZFFY0DB
A59BX5^.



MI?VTP2

9G.4?8L+:H!MHX\&YQ;I@!




M.(W5BPY95?




4R*C

D6*%F3]8%T-S#YTJC0J(M:LJ%!XEMQ


MHF.:JO?+O[/0VV64^S5@H9




M6-WET/2;_^

P#^4&QLSK&@)ZA@Q

GFMNU0'1!T.QPA)P/ZZG80JB&IZ
2Y0X7D.)$35


T
/N*ZL
MU;Z#K]56:%H%4:WE#'41Y;MXPD[_]\H:O#( 1I$'5ACKIOEHT6;K59Q@'J-=




QCO'M8GHP




QQ
%M9@


MSP;.R+)_F]D3UW9SU4\7O]AS:W@SG]M$XZYK+UJ5AK[UE


M5L1Y6Q=G9%_9V%9&UMS&UG]C


0')[+-(


U]KKWO1EWC'
N8:8

M MXEZ%!S38D0G4 A7?T0X?*6FG@ES\,R(OT7_.L3UA5N8RYJ?J8ZB%5UB;



@R)YA
MU.HWJ^RIZ]7LPSZB< Q5K/+&XGMCQ2:4?;^RUMJJ8/)*=E'T7D*XV[48W%
M9X'PVFL]2)+%TA'O$2L3TCW5%(-''25YE)J

X])5O0 AP10-LF$&G'P;/DIQYALS7Z#B




]_2^*TN@]&?0'K$\L$L2%FJ;$1;ANTGI:R^J
MPR2B]QGK+Z[SI2BP(_^0!!!_\S]02P





9.D5TX/P8Q)P


WZMTPGIXN?+1 GF!\X0&9!):

BJJY$LGB8\DDW@\6UB[\IH9_K
M5 I98__1])R_8K4B4T4?!9;OK.BG\4

0
=?C8I3 Y\)X( =B7

M5H1V0!LZYCUQ(T





MJUQ%24(JU[L&0H502W:O@=3SPT@]KY%4M;E'?IBJ%]:2VBL_0DT$2\M[CZ$J
M?8KZXED?QZQIF]MZ2UJG: D8JVS8BC.6B7
5T+
H1O1??HQ':6-#F'[N-L
M'I06R



K/50-E/.R3C
L7




M*YJX@8$D9H!IE30#9EG1


4L1/D)4A$2CR]$$SEAO515$++-TX1-$





(D


69*369JB*

M5O=V-A@9LUF%QZE*J+N=X?'3+H_=SFPPH\Q
IL;
&
U?F9W=WMQTIE_I;[/!

ME5+U[@RY[5URB= GG4&_9?PV






2_54RM5G
MSU<\PQ8SDSUU
N7;
]PD'
7N+Y-]6R46:@]PVA%+L3FF?_46*:%8&T1627%
M?:9.\

MO
M\!_\RB[BGMJ*NPB $:#(D T\X5YNK=4BXJ*B'OJJ?XBC80(P&)!@*L%4QV

5?C3F.I=[0F(EV5K0_N'EH


M]


M;?789;&8L9!RH.;Z
$ @&^_#08-LTU
5O-7N&Q9TO/N@*2S#?F5RX1@A_2S
M/NQKF5A1318M;7Y
4]!-6Y*F$ -IZED(7.GU#2:NZ8W
I6#AG6T%VP
HXJA@
ML@(A=9%]V6VGQ]@72K18Z
!M^WYRAVS3E;&IQH1SKSZ


$BFK(X730M
M$04B%P($W):4B1%DU,2CI7CI1HQW9

^$7%X+PI?:BT%L

0
3Y

C8?+*C:9YKW_QE5S+OK]^; R%
6#;1'5I

M3




]31UA3
M
.
5H@4^B -.UE9/





MX=4N(Y.I


6[W;Z=2@)0AG

7L?



MR)

838SK_&D=NC%]O!Y
;&K5YC4H!/*DB
M$;21Z:LSB&
MD!W1P@!

7F3N?I3JK
^)
M5@5







\@EIM


MYJ:
4AA-WFN3]_J6\UY[_6O'
SW+
=WAL
8UH9BQD'*@X3#  %I'DH#K5ZS
M(;@1GF51!?)7VB*8+%? :Q(/7

 /-


MJE0]J#4.-D-6Y



MQ*-N;W T%?TY$ R9 C^E2_^PC-:ZZX/NF]+*JP'ZODEJ;9):FZ36)JFU26JM





R9?WN1D^\%'1X9^YOJUY!0[UO0:
M*P\AR2HV_K2O3%? 8*BQP

5NR2U5S7
M@1G)W!

 #4\I6!#F0K5AJM=JL*0IW[%9!,JEMCCE_JC73@]-%DH
M_GN I4F'.:O1K4%:Q$:0-I)I!=NX%'$$;=MR2Z,P2VGG:;TCB*)%@L=N)78

%T+S
MZB.Z#QS;

P)
M4'-3+80S5+Y($-.ISXSA.9@




M1AV]N1S-C3H'W*BC=X-UXF
+(3NX)NQ332/N&*U)_IJ]Q=O$72%#YTDS C


M







K6+/)SKWK
$W<Y




M
G.-_0?DA)&/&#H4YUQ7]T2XJE




+C3?\*8/LXLJTPT4
+M4QFS3X^[BN\

KYY2=2TQF
34+LN

CN/'??$131'6_-PC2W\*362Z-+?G
M7*#_^@G\CM\/(

^3*
M4FW-M^V4:8SRG/.
45U.BB)5W^=+H%/8K#=#\UU%M8I%]W)X?P*;]T6CW%FO


PJ


M*)H5=]OI

(!F18I(=RL0E9S3?GQ

WT_92[VU-YJREW!E
M#=F

M##R;5NF)1'=R
IK#MKM


.%67Z#JJW


98X.L]AT%ORB:#([N8_DVB!AMKN?[PH57A@[F/IO=6V^7*
MQ6N$9LA_(C-.


CGG




TDEX'*I9@E:K][')!






MJJ3%7SX7\5^_:/$]O_\FRQ^^???FS=MO__WCQ6WX2!?!89R2B']HN8*3*^

2MZBHY\A

@&E


$.SS/%L8JU(U8F;(\/?DOOF.:'FFBL*@

MH




ZC\.X
M1 :D8^BZM

)V#XBFQ#9WB-;I26;Y$
:/P7W
MR6A


S4L


 #*2

\'

M%R.V$. VT='6L&[RHRDW&EA:JSR(4PLRPNEVN]HZ9SN%@A%K]FL#$F=K*H5R
MS3*J]W?O - H-3C:? _'FFQ_%4-'USP%


M2LHX?9@]Y%2]

MWT8T!C?U'?P (/NNY9W8K_Y^01^Y)1M-*5+(BF%PAI5 / 2/[L'1YJG?I@


91DHW;@M#:UW_!@J


7GK1^2( 5



R6\^;^YL)8ARZH\E&

%LM_)LZ=HL[&::!%A=$)D-P7

MT3LXIV@[B


.#79
M9FT

M0-YC!\A[/4 8
(7\60D+/G?G.19FK$]T#)APH,AT\&I3LU*6KSKD-3.<VAN:%$RT)=\

Z[@\$9NS4%V\G812V4-S]H\FRT]%YKH?35
MUM9J8EQP



4Z#G=[QM^G0G_ZF

^QLDBV_G[*K5FFN/? 8F[@@YR

MM^*:)L3CT\W:] *^I
]HUW*XG$ 


MS138J(@)IR:




MR@W?+N?D1- 38/#J'





VEQ^XR[


W:L






M8K2^98;(IUS$P3V\N\V67; CA/


MLUFCL$3' VFFIJC)SV\F:T8D

P7]%H:.-(^
-(@H]@
MDX5ILMB3 3L:8-KKK(Q

MY6[Y+RDI&JCI]9/ BB-HR?J?
L*(1!7_KNI?5-^YH4\T735QDDK+UG#HF6?+

MG%+(\@O9-!J7)&62ZOW 82Y$L7_GY59OUFQE]AQW^-[FRY&)$NT
J9T:+[!-



M*0Q7BQ7?Q8C(8K98YO21I@4#O*@H?I$5Q24MK^9WP6?U48N=%
='7U-
[!U_



M\3&



M 8


#-458J:-1E2W P4'%XC9RLG:(0:/5F*Q

N




+-$9J;
MJ'25XR(0.U-CY57NE@2U!%)F<..[29.IA.# ];_1^.&1#?'9$UMS/-#+%93O
MN)KS])]6]@^WF(WIDSA9E<I,OZG7*)\



5QEK*9@_\KX4?RZR#+2*&Y77T
RY#:O
%
A]GT+^W%
MT-O8O/YP_)2R09O %48R%[*KIS#%U*NY76'*/X1NL%XPS=ZIHZ%O4+V$Y'

MERA1T%ID(!3H'%-4K746_Q?.1F6^X^U6A=Q2L_9CZHS6AFA%W0,%)4BI*'






TV4RZ&UB;'MX3)%#IHAL('R?5B?Z2Z[)&C*


/WWO(8_P


MJ[4[=1A9H4MF1
P#/NSGA%9%5&:++_C?_#?J^(!1JQ.8RX6QG0
 9\:)!O
V3;9/ ;_F1


MDL#$8+-%@DX2MM.LC:Q0+B26@E?$)*LL^7I$[*@8DG04B_%;)[I5%O5:PIK;
4+7!6S7PA$GE+M?_<
M7)Q'2%H;K<&HL2RLH+4U0'*@DQ4QF[:C&L6YD191K1B!SC6$N;9*QNGOV#-
M2]HL'PE7@7EKO64I
*/'YJBASO58ALI=EI!*!L8*@!I#52O#OLC54?2[&+

VGF(WG**R+A\T6#7NQ#E;KK5P'?U4MA+^6+A90

TW

:)!IJJG
T2ZE*X1VJ31\2+2I*&O YVT5:UHO=I0)
$IQK5!;
./QNM.4+J/

MF?!Z/T%2EP@Z%;\8K=UDQ.KT_I^%

M31Q29MEY.L_RA:CS:0]'*;=O1&I
&@.EA!4U+M7Z2CTGOR
0\6O61'AKN!6-
M!)WG:4E9FY50@YDM-A6M
*!RF\8O5;&;G]\A08


(!:%%)ZB[X3 L8


I@
D

MU?-6FZ.]A-Z*8.\#;!?6]$=96_8!Z4CGJ^JV?!B'S1?(^A/X7G\(2K:-N)I7
M]VZ94:J\+PFATVP[I:*=K+H!%1IH*E4;X.SFP^SR_/_








<W
Z-WDU3-Y1Z6MII*;


F+R.(MN9[]



M9![K8G;'/-?U[ :/;X)@0ODRXI/Z1$[+7TD5[!2XZE@ 8Y4K4&1*DZ$SM5T
M[WJ.QPL5U&Y#@UJ5NU% *2D:Y.CUDYR55$NBV[NKX[_U',TO. #53I_RX.T



^[]'[


QO;RP5Y?C1

)
M3$6-!ENC*BJJ+Q9DS8D#4TTQ*3-$J<F]E/4R0).*%@V61A14%8U#\V:ZLJJ$
M&:+,V5'4!S% GDO&@1:*JPJ:].M9X

]5?A(7RZP(DJLY7
6Z


M+^P49NAAUV-##NYIF.E/W!@;A;QIY^*.'W@J5]FCFZ4RVDI)3,3.B63]QH




AP^Z/8Q7BZ96LRG_A2D45)%

^M9W?S+&4_AK05

MNB]G]]FJ_)#Q




:@-IJK'.9

M?

D7L1(DEQG29(]!ZS3V/J07^R9KY(Z
1&552]MO%<D&( U'*:PV?LKP
M?Q'/5;M)(TX45U&IAC=05FSH4&=N:Y]^ D-A7/D0O5:ZYJI6A<NX20D^%
MMGN**FIK5U1H0*-435=!N[I_@0
KVJK


M8#V7JD5ZA_QV[5#/HLN:O




9Q%_(&[2_K,_Z(,
ML9OQ.D6[C3D=.)LPXL&KA;:C[COF<@[X!6<DT7:%?6*F@C+ 3
7H

@!F
MCQ
[



HG'L\:5;%[@-&*$%%@*'GP0TRLZR*
+GDE#[BE&

!KH.H[2HO@+62?Y/^=Q2=F4\JPM.2B=RZI
M]*9/^^^.H\ E70T:O^V;JH+%6R0')4(KE@=IW391!'519L550Y%V7?]-?*



MC%6U1.
%MC(62D

%28
MV5Q^T3:4+GN,VCKOZ.9R5*#3


9X]Q^G#<;!D
M?RE?%






@@=^*!RK
9C0IG[])3&.&&K02)N^^

M!HKFN@ZB(FO:JGH4$$^X3^BL T]BJ*^31H7P_N-=UV/ -\^9J6LUK075F614





 ?^NUCDT*.CZ


MXTLW.Q%.JX]-

D#
N
M\KT'4?_U]W%73:+HA@P'R37;%=SGAX'RYAMUEN+K7JT#USO9E(IX4/MF!\

M)[X_\!=)SU.QX]9M_+;XD;UXGDS;0%MYJ$SZ!30SQT[
&GMROEZ^/P SFH=Y
M8+A_$!H-$TA!X?M^



M.X1O&IG[
R*/'V''?9[6M?$8D7A
JGE/;I8DV7.@O@2^]:]@&XL3FLAV(%I\
M8J]&H;U=@ZJK7 *$^9]J%A+4//LSS&[H
BAS\?/5_S+:?R0G@9YRKS()JO
M$;G8AI)1
]@.'JW0O1HN)I8
+^_4
Q

DKG@:9:
2(H4RXT_SM(R3E?
N*ME
M=9)B-Q;D OR#7F?8.+IEW


M$=ABI=/45ST#V'W_#S.

#A
M RG98IE!!*:XF@\VD2
SLR&OT\=3;
SI/*5BPHAFEK;15CM3SQ ]2#XPI%KJ
=/VJ(B]PKC
ML!9QG!+'HV)&.AKLN0)@0HJD;I3-M 'Z7%ZQ)3=![(NUY7)M53=N-D;_!F
MG': +I5@8GH FB/_2;%,R]/\UH4?R$_8SW)'QAFX?+\^SE3Y^;:H]G/G[:^
M#
DRK#D2K?+-CD1ZIL)J);5+$(VHW
:1@A3-Y*C7KP^D\W5J;54ZCGQ5I=
B




E30XUH  _*/ V;



#):GQ%1&Y07



MD#9=]4W/WI JL^R']8?)K_ITGU[?]X=4-:E
3??0?6W]G3@=QMIAV-8?$1





?$J/8U'


MU.N'IO5TDZ8G'?9F[$YMWJT-;5L%


_G)ZMW.6QR7E:LMUK$8<[.3O!
?);JYS&

YMJ5NU#;^@BB&'R@H<L=IEU



MT\C==8%;';R/;
?Q
MWP1[<\H:/M)HE=KN7RW)1(<9ZOR


MP%15M^SXHTX'NY
&[(SKG7[1^USNU
S!_K_Z*
GFG3U^^\
'XB\%67^;K.#C




M_O2^)+#LRO#^Z!8

PP_1B!_$(;;F'=RYN9!._]!
M.F]=
61MV6([JD\WJ6
3N7


8?AKI7.S

HG?6

3[5ZO
MI_$7YYRNVGXD+?IJEOT
=][%)62.G:=1_!1'S*39YUBU^5#0NARD6G7;0T9*

M.)H1L6V+^J


M$0


M+?;=

MK]]%Z


MWE:F/(/OX1J9NS5R=(32;3V




M(H_.
?)XWO4)G5/F8*

MOP7M.Q?M1'-;M?N==P/\!1P0



SPC\+\S_?Q4QU_$<EX_L;UE*R0L-
E@Z7I$$5)%F[B]I1% EE?@5BKGG&#)\X*U
M5P$A9_+F'G=RZRD=UG[9NB-
.\ZR

MA:3L






!)#

M'L\5^

+2

MA(]U^*N.2+1K&H$B/F











MU4*8!+ATL(#@/=Q?8@.I?(P9*=MG1


L$7%6AZZIU%3[W;EYYZ]QI[ZKU%3[W?EYYZ_QI[ZCN+GOIN



1
M;]]5CT7P5H
'Q!_B@FV?FG;C0;$N&MKM/


E/J6T$07%W[



3W7 F$7$F;Y
JO22SSM




MJS0NBZ\/VO_\NDZ3.EA75AR$R







MUQ
Z#U9)22Y Z'_X[@
1886 N[87UF08^T&BG;HG!#'YLB_]M3\YRGD!Q1E
MA8I^I5(-&:+FUVDWS,X2M/4X.! [JGU+[

M1S

MN:G.[*FV+\WB67DD-DT2ZIZU
CHY1-;

MGJ3V(%@(/0Q.F/_0DG-0;9:)9


8

:_A)(P!+_[%1;=1AC YS#[75,^J2
M*K,&3\]L\5GRU6_XL#./H(@!K9[VZ2)DY)\+=+Z&)Q2M.FJ#Q+^Q0-R55<O




MGO;


\O@?-/J41C1O[48@
M1['H3#;\%5YQZG0U;XWYJEW
???6/XT-\PXM-L5Y57RG(&LER JTJ&K
;D\
M,W6-\I63;@R]8DC9!.U%*J'!2I'/[&]A^VL.U
XH@]Q@/]*$@@G\IB!OC


#$W
3(S

MB9G;HBJS1B*U)49WQ?'!!8I# & 1H U2W_^JL0!)O594% LR$S(U8CUJJ
M*F3FDUDO69E9?_V?+QNW]\*T/&]OWUU_?4W7_689_M+QUO_[:O'^55_/AB-

M]PW_3V\\'ESUGJ-H^Y=W[SY__OQU^'Z5_.EKV]_TKJ[X$'_E__[U+^(_3U;(








M\5+3YF1R)0XE2[$]XY
%Z/R@Z=8(:7S@C1/%^QL^



BFXYQW8P=DHNYX9]O: ?FH
M


M0L.
K1WQ:2^:6

3TQ;O

E[^S5Q4&I:9
M$*[IH2#A&@.&/1\+/FRU]/

M^P
E:5=RB:G:#RQP?

=;Y_S3^:Z?_?\


MGSG?X707Q0F\W$*5\Y.R'Q0=4J=IN$ P#WW)'C Y!-WQWTE6$45S*#BD#M]:
M]O$Q$?MR
H<D5_[S


SRZ\6EO65NC5]^^8&X7[W\3W$AD%2W_]

MUZEH[.


P(?[N/R!XG7$LIC
F+_
ARXY;(!I;D4SRX5G+RVR=5




AD,<1&P3,-4#)1
M=!I$RBW!M]!DX)!Q2P.+_G(9N^LL]\%REB-O8&V=R*K*T]N[60=H
BTYO$P
QU8#TA<+9FB?%&$ZX1&@@**_8#MD<PA%J









\S4$P=
\;QKIFS!H6:!


MKB.7O^X]Y%T?ZB\M_[W3EMLS&0
]%]T

M7*1XB-T&FCMD(/2L^!
F!+B@NCYE_)




M

M=$Z$UH359F9=
[ 2G:N+5KDW]BZG/;ADDB*T2DIT+/DUYWC.@A?'5B6L&@Y#

=*&_]MNHUK @V_L
!V0E5$
M;XVAL-


G






A2!A(L

B!X#.Q8U<8VMN:HPIXW[;]'3<-
M;@S
0JL5&!ZY<2-V?YLO<CKP7+F4_4
YX!(-8&UM_()+$=.U*$AXK32.A;!]\D7)6H0YB!),!
M

M-7%O2B#@M
F+.$/)=?U-&PG'8B




QKS

V
M3X.U T4OX'PW
3/#@3YW=*0YT.:2Z_IJ/ERMF









_E]_

1@_QOZ=WO9O'
M^6@RG



M+LG

M9'0W&O0GBUY_

089D


]




2Q3=4WEWD



M





ZEP^%1]T!\?-\5
+P :
M0!W2S


M]Z:-H0/*@@9P

[Y


MQ6FWW%M_]Q3UG_Q=]


M /



1J^D KM6_!O
M&L^(QTY$K<IP,CSRD_&64,))$&@\!68[$<6IK'_:W6&*1)SWF 71OZ&!25*


M5.N2# %ZWL X
T%]MLTTZ9#


M=;(N-


FGMK;%JO<C5MP2P3&-:$6^_L-]VG-A*%6OOU&7=JA];=JHR'
M5'
^(GO@RN3IIB!%%R*XJ/5


QB!B=*#K#0.V
FY4
M(F#J9LBJMC3 

M.9X(!UGV-^*^7N%FK&J

=
S3@
@
MZ1-ICR'C:C9V5HK@*U!G[!A7
&0&HJ!77\9WUF$CK=.'XE3S(T5;8'(?$1'
M1LXH#2$:7
:GKG2W+(7YOJQVF@QT73##G8!PP-BGP92R2-L_H;+\IE3=W@:
M8^R'H@ H
#9RS^EYO(?OGO71A7)+UA*U^\0?5%CG%K'\2.RP%K



K+3+64FA2[#A/
M G1+@29+ ]W[:6FX(,^GDSEQ%/299!M'CF(\[DRL50GSGJ@=$=HLW.;WH9

T^
D#W
M&-MWQ8(UH\E/P\EB.J/RIMHAQ

(PUBV+V1
M+ 3\(*$@@$]1C\D:XG'UL+#B.\Q.O X89#)/VZ%'1AV I(9+FM[^R(_LMP
M

A@_]T6UO^*^'X60^


M5CF12%NCS1\E

=E\^*4

P_

_\@1WUM5\R3I/W
ECM1?41*
MI^[H#QZ!Q@8 #&7Q( KFDXB30$HFP&D Z4L#3E
%AJ;TTG
W2$F%/&T'ZORV
M$:UX_ [992'G#U#$#]29!J(&F@L%L\$B?Y*CQ-TN\)Q(7/ED/JL\3BA[8-]E


M
E!W4&AB%WXP]%1051XHSZ+[/0EYR'?BNHRKG$Z5+&*'Z\+RWW8+V*@YA8

&$XW'
L
MPBKUQJ3JA+OKRJ*H+YXH:8]M6GI




:N%88PE[KEG?IPH2AYX+&2_=9NK1'N(JV
5_
MB5[-;@_DHV?-<J4$<X- RZBO+AEZT3)&'ZG/]K,S1+G;%O1$\42(*&MC=













'_&W;36$PV-
M+5&\^



M85^@R0_$3Y

]!/*)A9)DG


M3VE2BZGD.C$3\G


M]+NP2RU2; 1HW'Q=3C4-G6HNM4@OIQK#*SOFLB?AT!UZ2S\($ZKW]1OE.
47

MSKTM:4X

K(:E2 R5 &C

B(68\8N8


MR

MWR$#A=P+.X9LYGSPI93XYD7,@SV!4$=6X:+YPTLQV*^NK'. )2I$RFR!RB



M.R:VAJ[0PQTGY#776
YT(X
C7R\TYF
34G4O/9](?$VCRV%E$M^'MMB##B

MPVE:8OHM[&O0=G2GGL2[HU&#9W'P''FWZ1S*&_7#D$6A.(@DV+FN_]E2OM38



*F!(_RC^ANW\U&K/(3K]2'/S1Z8ZDOWQ
M[W+)BK]ANYE

MX3\







M2^8M$;9?^4]C[\UQ=U]5




M4SYPHIL^FQ;.1E0W6N^5$N[:M*@+M;%%MNIV9*J[QU5F'IN2 -4R9N_ENJ,
MDM=%=




M

A


]R=7R=VD\I]/.I4/+HJ/R9%A]YLJLC0'/

TV;


&
M6L.3T$U44TPG58*GJS+S9SJEJ0A V\]CZ%:+AS@]R&\F_+!TZ=088&T%VB 0



N

OXCI
MG$EC9]+^P.[H[QR!%+


M'
DDMI;W?

M].3MUG6E0I@$WWEZV 7V

D)!X666/TS&XMFKJ.V6Z(?QR&1U

Z%SZS5%,^\;V7.+@R
MGJ[^'V%[-]%;-3$CWYFT8S9_MH36][L
[!R'3C3Y[$O=\ J=%8XWK@&)G/J

FT:^PI0L5I[

M
H-AW^.=5PE*4NR4&IP
/?Y-WQGA/OG2-A(^$MS

UI8[


M3


MZVTD$/SHCOGN*62_[?AHPY?X @/DWO^V5)SU\68^_



M'Y$[RW_S_P%02P$% ,4     !Y@&A
-#6SZ*?+   J;PH $0
M    @ $     8V5L:TR,#$W,3(S,2YX;6Q02P$% 
4     !Y@&A,JCTG
M)A$.  #,FP  $0              @ '6RP  8V5L:TR
#$W
3(S

M2P$% ,4     !Y@&A
H*.S9TD0  #2UP  %0              @ $6V@

C Q-S$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+


#$W
3(S

3!@     &  8 B@$  J 0    $!
end



