

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-17-001341
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170330
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001341766
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				202745790
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55663
		FILM NUMBER:		17725637
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2424 N. FEDERAL HWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 208
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-276-2239
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2424 N. FEDERAL HWY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 208
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VECTOR VENTURES CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051018









     






Washington
 D.C.&nbsp;&nbsp;20549




15(d)




 2016




 INC.

its charter)



    
    

    
    

    
    



 Suite 206. Boca
Raton
 Florida 33431




 including
area code)



    

(Former name
 former address and former fiscal year
 if changed since last report)



of the Exchange Act: None


&ndash; Not applicable


of the Exchange Act:


 $0.001 par value



is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes 


is not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes 


(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. 
No


has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 
No


delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s
knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K. 


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definition of
&ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):


Accelerated filer 
Smaller reporting company 



is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
No


stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately $29
953
850 as of June 30
 2016
 based on the closing price of
$2.29 for the Company&rsquo;s common stock on such date on the OTCQX tier of the over-the-counter market maintained by OTC Markets
Group
 Inc. For purposes of the foregoing computation
 all executive officers
 directors and 10% beneficial owners of the Registrant
are deemed to be affiliates.


of each of the registrant&rsquo;s classes of common stock
 as of the latest practicable date. There were 43
905
241 shares of common
stock outstanding as of March 30
 2017.


documents are incorporated by reference into this Report except those Exhibits so incorporated as set forth in the Exhibit index.


    
    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market For Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



&rdquo;)
 unless otherwise indicated
 the terms &ldquo;
&rdquo; &ldquo;
&rdquo;
&ldquo;
&rdquo; refers to Celsius Holdings
 Inc. and its subsidiaries.




that reflect our current views about future events. We use the words &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;assume
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;designed
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo;
&ldquo;forecast
&rdquo; &ldquo;target
&rdquo; &ldquo;objective
&rdquo; &ldquo;goal
&rdquo; or the negatives of such terms or other
similar expressions. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown
risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements to be
materially different from any future results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. These risks and other factors include described in &ldquo;

&rdquo; and elsewhere
in this Report.





    
    





 marketing
&rdquo; calorie-burning fitness beverages under the Celsius&reg; brand name. According
to multiple clinical studies we funded
 a single serving of Celsius&reg; burns 100 to 140 calories by increasing a consumer&rsquo;s
resting metabolism an average of 12% and providing sustained energy for up to a three-hour period. Our exercise focused studies
show Celsius delivers additional benefits when consumed prior to exercise. The studies show benefits such as increase in fat burn
increase in lean muscle mass and increased endurance.


with mainstream beverages by using our proprietary thermogenic (calorie-burning) MetaPlus&reg; formulation
 while fostering the
goal of healthier everyday refreshment by being as natural as possible without the artificial preservatives often found in many
energy drinks and sodas. Celsius&reg; has no artificial preservatives
 aspartame or high fructose corn syrup and is very low in
sodium. Celsius&reg; uses good-for-you ingredients and supplements such as green tea (EGCG)
 ginger
 calcium
 chromium
 B vitamins
and vitamin C. The main Celsius line of products are sweetened with sucralose
 a sugar-derived sweetener that is found in Splenda&reg;
which makes our beverages low-calorie and suitable for consumers whose sugar intake is restricted.


efforts aimed at building brand awareness
 including a wide variety of marketing vehicles such as television
 radio
 digital
 social
media
 sponsorships
 and magazine advertising. We also undertake various promotions at the retail level such as coupons and other
discounts in addition to in-store sampling.


but instead outsource the manufacturing process to established third-party co-packers. We do
 however
 provide our co-packers with
flavors
 ingredient blends
 cans and other raw materials for our beverages purchased by us from various suppliers.



Product Line
Extension


 2017
 Celsius announced
its first product line extension
 which is intended to broaden its reach into the natural channel. The new line has six refreshing
flavors: three sparkling - grapefruit
 cucumber lime
 orange pomegranate and three non-carbonated - pineapple coconut
 watermelon
berry and strawberries &amp; cream. We expect our new natural line to start being available at retailers on a limited basis by
April 2017.


    
    





 2016 and March 14
2017
 the Company raised an aggregate of $15.0 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate of 4
833
329 shares of our common
stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to 13 accredited investors. Investors in the private placement
included:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CD Financial
 LLC (533
333 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Carl DeSantis
 one of our principal shareholders
and William H. Milmoe
 a director;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Charmnew Limited (800
000 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Li Ka Shing
 one of our principal shareholders;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Grieg International Limited (533
333 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Chau Hoi Shuen Solina
 one of our
principal shareholders; and

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Nu Horizons Investment Group
 LLC (433
333 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Tim Leissner
 a director
and one of our principal shareholders; and Russell Simmons
 one of our principal shareholders.


are being used for:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    


Retirement of
our President and Chief Executive Officer


 2017
 Gerry David
 Celsius&rsquo;
President and Chief Executive Officer retired from such positions with the Company. Pending our board of directors identifying
and retaining a new President and Chief Executive Officer
 John Fieldly
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Financial Officer will serve
in such additional capacities on an interim basis. Mr. David will continue to serve as a consultant to the Company through December
31
 2017.




26

 Inc
was unsuccessful. On January 26
 2007
 we acquired the Celsius&reg; beverage business of Elite FX
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation
engaged in the development of &ldquo;functional&rdquo; beverages since 2004 in a reverse merger
 and subsequently changed our name
to Celsius Holdings
 Inc. In addition
 on March 28
 2007
 the Company established Celsius Netshipments
 Inc. a Florida corporation
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.


&rdquo;) and as such
 may elect to comply with
certain reduced public company reporting requirements for future filings.



 calorie-burning
beverages were first introduced to the marketplace in 2005.


we funded
 burns 100 to 140 calories by increasing a consumer&rsquo;s
metabolism an average of 12% for up to a three-hour period. In addition
 these studies have indicated that drinking a single serving
prior to exercising may improve cardiovascular health and fitness and enhance the loss of fat
and gain of muscle from exercise.


    
    



 formulation
 while fostering
the goal of healthier everyday refreshment by being as natural as possible without the artificial preservatives often found in
 has no chemical preservatives
 aspartame or high fructose corn syrup and is
 uses good-for-you ingredients and supplements such as green tea (EGCG)
 ginger
 calcium
chromium
 B vitamins and vitamin C. Celsius is sweetened with sucralose
 a sugar-derived sweetener that is found in Splenda
which makes our beverages low-calorie and suitable for consumers whose sugar intake is restricted. Each 12 ounce can of Celsius
contains 200 milligrams of caffeine which is comparable to one 12 ounce cup of coffee from the leading coffeehouse.


is currently offered in seven flavors: orange
 wild berry
 cola
 grape
 and watermelon (which are carbonated)
 and non-carbonated
green tea raspberry/acai
 and green tea/peach mango. Our beverages are sold in 12 ounce cans
 and we have recently begun to market
the active ingredients in powdered form in individual On-The-Go packets as well as multiple serving canisters. In addition to being
sugar free
 our original ready-to -drink product line is non-GMO
 kosher and vegan certified and soy and gluten free.


 Celsius announced its
first product line extension
 which is intended to broaden its reach into the natural channel. The new line has six refreshing
flavors: three sparkling - grapefruit
 cucumber lime
 orange pomegranate and three non-carbonated - pineapple coconut
 watermelon
berry and strawberries &amp; cream. The natural line extension boasts a clean ingredient panel featuring 100% natural caffeine-from-green-coffee
bean extract
products
 our new natural ready-to -drink
beverages are non-GMO
 kosher and vegan certified and soy and gluten free. We expect our new natural line to start being available
at retailers on a limited basis by April 2017.

 is packaged in
a distinctive 12 ounce sleek can that uses vivid colors in abstract patterns to create a strong on-shelf impact. The cans are sold
as singles or in four-packs. We have recently redesigned our packaging to provide a cleaner
 crisper and more modern look.


segment of the beverage industry consisting of consumers seeking calorie-burning beverages to help them manage their weight and
enhance their exercise regimen. Our target consumers are generally individuals that exercise two to five times a week and are concerned
about their health.




substantiating product claims will become more important as more and more beverages are marketed with health claims. Celsius
 is also one of very
few functional beverages that has clinical research on the actual product itself. Some beverage companies that do mention studies
backing their claims are referencing independent studies conducted on one or more of the ingredients in the product. We believe
that it is important and will become more important to have studies on the actual product.


studies for Celsius
formula. The first study was conducted by the Ohio Research Group of Exercise Science &amp; Sports Nutrition. The remaining studies
were conducted by the Applied Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of the University of Oklahoma. We funded all of
the studies and provided Celsius&reg; beverage for the studies. However
 none of our directors
 executive officers or principal
shareholders is in any way affiliated with either of the two research organizations which conducted the studies.


. The Ohio Research Group of
Exercise Science &amp; Sports Nutrition is a multidisciplinary clinical research team dedicated to exploring the relationship between
exercise
 nutrition
 dietary supplements and health. This placebo-controlled
 double-blind cross-over study compared the effects
 and the placebo on metabolic rate. Twenty-two participants were randomly assigned to ingest a 12 ounce
. All subjects
completed both trials using a randomized
 counterbalanced design. Randomized means that subjects were selected for each group randomly
to ensure that the different treatments were statistically equivalent. Counterbalancing means that individuals in one group drank
 on the second day. The other group did the opposite. Counterbalancing
is a design method that is used to control &ldquo;order effects.&rdquo; In other words
 this was done to make sure that the order
that subjects were served does not impact the results and analysis.


    
    



measurements taken from breaths into and out of calorimeter) and substrate oxidation (via respiratory exchange ratios) were measured
at baseline (pre-ingestion) and for ten minutes at the end of each hour for three hours post-ingestion. The results showed an average
increase of metabolism of twelve percent over the three-hour period
 compared to a statistically insignificant change for the control
group. Metabolic rate
 or metabolism
 is the rate at which the body expends energy. This is also referred to as the &ldquo;caloric
burn rate.&rdquo; Indirect calorimetry calculates heat that living organisms produce from their production of carbon dioxide. It
is called &ldquo;indirect&rdquo; because the caloric burn rate is calculated from a measurement of oxygen uptake. Direct calorimetry
would involve the subject being placed inside the calorimeter for the measurement to determine the heat being produced. Respiratory
Exchange Ratio is the ratio oxygen taken in a breath compared to the carbon dioxide breathed out in one breath or exchange. Measuring
this ratio can be used for estimating which substrate (fuel such as carbohydrate or fat) is being metabolized or &lsquo;oxidized&rsquo;
to supply the body with energy.


Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2007. This blinded
 placebo-controlled study was
conducted on a total of 60 men and women of normal weight. An equal number of participants were separated into two groups to compare
 to a placebo of the same amount. According to the study
 those subjects
 burned significantly more calories versus those consuming the placebo
 over a three-hour period.
The study confirmed that over the three-hour period
 burned 65%
more calories than those consuming the placebo beverage and burned an average of more than 100 to 140 calories compared to the
placebo. These results were statistically significant.


 conducted by the Applied
Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2007
 extended our second study with the same group
of 60 individuals and protocol for 28 days and showed the same statistical significance of increased calorie burn (minimal attenuation).
While the University of Oklahoma study did extend for 28 days
 more testing would be needed for long term analysis of the Celsius
calorie-burning effects. Also
 although these studies were on relatively small numbers of subjects
 they have statistically significant
results. Additional studies on a larger number and wider range of body compositions can be considered to further the analysis.


 conducted by the Applied
Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2009
 use with
exercise. This ten-week placebo-controlled
 randomized and blinded study was conducted on a total of 37 subjects. Participants
 per day
 and Group 2 consumed
one serving of an identically flavored and labeled placebo beverage. Both groups participated in ten weeks of combined aerobic
and weight training
 following the American College of Sports Medicine guidelines of training for previously sedentary adults.
 prior to exercising may enhance the positive adaptations
of exercise on body composition
 cardio-respiratory fitness and endurance performance. According to the preliminary findings
 subjects
 lost significantly more fat mass and gained significantly more muscle mass
than those subjects consuming the placebo &mdash; a 93.75% greater loss in fat and 50% greater gain in muscle mass
 respectively.
The study also confirmed that subjects consuming Celsius&reg; significantly improved measures of cardio-respiratory fitness and
the ability to delay the onset of fatigue when exercising to exhaustion.


Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2009. This ten-week placebo-controlled
 randomized
and blinded study was conducted on a total of 27 previously sedentary overweight and obese female subjects. Participants were randomly
assigned into groups that consumed identically tasting treatment beverages with exercise or without exercise. All participants
consumed one drink
 either placebo or Celsius
 per day for 10 weeks. The exercise groups participated in ten weeks
of combined aerobic and weight training
 following the American College of Sports Medicine guidelines of training for previously
sedentary adults. No changes were made to their diet. The results showed that consuming a single serving of Celsius
prior to exercising may improve cardiovascular health and fitness and enhance the positive adaptations of exercise on body composition.
According to the preliminary findings
 lost significantly more fat
mass and gained significantly more muscle mass when compared to exercise alone &mdash; a 46% greater loss in fat
 27% greater gain
in muscle mass
 significantly improved measures
of cardio-respiratory fitness &mdash; 35% greater endurance performance with significant improvements to lipid profiles &mdash;
total cholesterol decreases of 5 to 13% and bad LDL cholesterol 12 to 18%. Exercise alone had no effect on blood lipid levels.


    
    



Biochemistry &amp; Molecular Physiology Laboratory of University of Oklahoma in 2009. This ten-week placebo-controlled
 randomized
and blinded study was conducted on a total of 37 previously sedentary male subjects. Participants were randomly assigned into groups
that consumed identically tasting treatment beverages with exercise or without exercise. All participants consumed one drink
 either
placebo or Celsius
 per day for 10 weeks. The exercise groups participated in ten weeks of combined aerobic and
weight training
 following the American College of Sports Medicine guidelines of training for previously sedentary adults. No changes
 prior to exercising may
improve cardiovascular health and fitness and enhance the positive adaptations of exercise on body composition. Significantly greater
decreases in fat mass and percentage body fat and increases in VO
before exercise versus those that consumed the placebo before exercise. Mood was not affected. Clinical markers for hepatic
 renal
cardiovascular and immune function
 as determined by pre-and post blood work revealed no adverse effects.


Research Institute in 2010 and demonstrated the efficacy and safety of the powders and the shots. This study allows the Company
to make the same structure/function claims as the ready to drink beverages.




third party beverage co-packers. A co-packer is a manufacturing plant that provides the service of filling bottles or cans for
the brand owner. We believe one benefit of using co-packers is that we do not have to invest in the production facility and can
focus our resources on brand development
 sales and marketing. It also allows us produce in multiple locations strategically placed
throughout the country. We purchase most of the ingredients and all packaging materials. The co-pack facility assembles our products
and charges us a fee by the case. The shelf life of Celsius


used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our products are purchased by us or by our co-packers in accordance with our
specifications. Generally
 we obtain the ingredients used in our products from domestic suppliers and some ingredients have several
 include green tea (EGCG)
 ginger (from the root)
 caffeine
 B vitamins
vitamin C
 taurine
 guarana
 chromium
 calcium
 glucuronolactone
 sucralose
 natural flavors and natural colorings. Celsius
is labeled with a supplements facts panel. We have no major supply contracts with any of our suppliers. We single-source all our
ingredients for purchasing efficiency; however
 we have identified a second source for our critical ingredients and there are many
suppliers of flavors
 colorings and sucralose. In case of a supply restriction or interruption from any of the flavor and coloring
suppliers
 we would have to test and qualify other suppliers that may disrupt our production schedules.


 except for our distinctive
sleek aluminum cans
 are easily available from multiple sources in the United States; however
 due to efficiencies we utilize single
source vendor relationships.


and supply sources are adequate for our present needs.



 is sold across
many retail segments. They include supermarkets
 convenience stores
 drug stores
 nutritional stores
 and mass merchants. We also
sell to health clubs
 spas
 gyms
 the military
 e-commerce websites and a limited number of international markets.


    
    




of direct-store delivery (DSD) distributors and as well as sales direct to retailers (DTR).


a foreign distributor of our products and a domestic retailer of vitamins and health products
 accounted for 37% and 8% of our
revenues for the year ended December 31
 2016
 respectively and 50.0% and 11.8% of our revenues for the year ended December 31
2015
 respectively. Accordingly
 if sales to either of these customers were to significantly decline or cease entirely
 our business
results of operations and financial condition may be significantly harmed.


sales
 particularly in the Far East and elsewhere in Asia
 by entering into agreements with large established distributors who
service those markets.




sales of our beverages are seasonal
 with the highest sales volumes generally occurring in the second and third fiscal quarters
which correspond to the warmer months of the year in our major markets.




fitness beverages whose effectiveness is supported by clinical studies
 which gives us a unique position in the beverage market.
However
 our products do compete broadly with all categories of consumer beverages. The beverage market is highly competitive
and includes international
 national
 regional and local producers and distributors
 most of whom have greater financial
 management
and other resources than us. Our direct competitors in the functional beverage market include
 but are not limited to The Coca-Cola
Company
 Dr. Pepper Snapple Group
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 Nestl&eacute;
 Waters North America
 Inc.
 Hansen Natural Corp.
 and Red Bull.




trademarks with the United States Patent and Trademark Office
 as well as a number of additional trademarks.


measures
 such as entering into confidentiality agreements with our contract packers and ingredient suppliers
 to maintain the
secrecy and proprietary nature of our MetaPlus


formulation and product formulas as trade secrets. We believe that trade secrecy is a preferable method of protection for our formulas
as patenting them might require their disclosure. Other than a company that is our outsourced production manager
 no single member
of the raw material supply chain or our co-packers has access to the complete formula.


to be of considerable value and importance to our business. No successful challenges to our registered trademarks have arisen and
we have no reason to believe that any such challenges will arise in the future.




 distribution and sale of

 Drug and Cosmetic Act

and Education Act of 1994
 the 
 various environmental statutes and various other
federal
 state and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production
 transportation
 sale
 safety
 advertising
 labeling
and ingredients of such products. California law requires that a specific warning appear on any product that contains a component
listed by California as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. The law exposes all food and beverage producers to
the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products because the law recognizes no generally applicable quantitative
thresholds below which a warning is not required. Consequently
 even trace amounts of listed components can expose affected products
to the prospect of warning labels. Products containing listed substances that occur naturally in the product or that are contributed
to the product solely by a municipal water supply are generally exempt from the warning requirement. While none of our products
are required to display warnings under this law
 we cannot predict whether an important component of any of our products might
be added to the California list in the future. We also are unable to predict whether or to what extent a warning under this law
would have an impact on costs or sales of our products.


    
    



and states that require that a deposit be charged for certain non-refillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed
by these measures vary. Other deposit
 recycling or product stewardship proposals have been introduced in certain states and localities
and in Congress
 and we anticipate that similar legislation or regulations may be proposed in the future at the local
 state and
federal levels
 both in the United States and elsewhere.


subject to federal
 state and local environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with these provisions has not had
 and we do
not expect such compliance to have
 any material adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition and results of operations.




 the Company
employs 39 persons
 including its executive officers.



    
    


Our business faces certain risks. The
risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do not yet know of
 or that we currently think
as immaterial
 may also impair our business.&nbsp; If any of the events anticipated by the risks described below or elsewhere in
this report occur
 our results of operations and financial conditions could be adversely affected.



We have a history of losses and we
may experience additional losses in the futures.


 including
net losses available to common shareholders of $3
433
769 and $2
570
297 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.
Our future operating results will depend on many factors
 both in and out of our control
 including the ability to increase and
sustain demand for and acceptance of our products
 the level of our competition
 and our ability to attract and maintain key management
and key employees. Accordingly
 there can be no assurance that we can attain consistent profitability.

We rely on third party co-packers
to manufacture our products. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our co-packers and/or their ability to manufacture
our products becomes constrained or unavailable to us
 our business could suffer.


but instead outsource such manufacturing to established third party co-packers. These third-party co-packers may not be able to
fulfill our demand as it arises
 could begin to charge rates that make using their services cost inefficient or may simply not
be able to or willing to provide their services to us on a timely basis or at all. In the event of any disruption or delay
 whether
caused by a rift in our relationship or the inability of our co-packers to manufacture our products as required
 we would need
to secure the services of alternative co-packers.&nbsp; We may be unable to procure alternative packing facilities at commercially
reasonable rates and/or within a reasonably short time period and any such transition could be costly.&nbsp; In such case
 our
business
 financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.



    
    


We rely on distributors to distribute
our products in the DSD sales channel and in international markets. If we are unable to secure such distributors and/or we are
unable to maintain good relationships with our existing distributors
 our business could suffer.

 in
the DSD sales channel by entering into agreements with direct-to-store delivery distributors having established sales
 marketing
and distribution organizations. We similarly are seeking to expand our international distribution
 particularly in the Far East
and elsewhere in Asia by entering into agreements with large established distributors who service those markets. Many of our distributors
are affiliated with and manufacture and/or distribute other beverage products. In many cases
 such products compete directly with
 proves to be
less attractive to our distributors and/or if we fail to attract distributors
 and/or our distributors do not market and promote
our products with greater focus in preference to the products of our competitors
 our business
 financial condition and results
of operations could be adversely affected.

Our customers are material to our
success. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing customers
 our business could suffer.


our distributors
 grocery chains
 convenience chains
 drug stores
 nutrition stores
 mass merchants
 club warehouses and other
customers to discontinue carrying all or any of our products that they are carrying at any time
 which could cause our business
to suffer.

Two of our customers account for
a significant portion of our revenues. If sales to either of those customers were to significantly decline or cease

business could be significantly harmed


a foreign distributor of our products and a domestic retailer of vitamins and health products
 accounted for 37% and 8% of our
revenues for the year ended December 31
 2016
 respectively and 50% and 12% of our revenues for the year ended December 31
 2015
respectively. Accordingly
 if sales to either of these customers were to significantly decline or cease entirely
 our business
results of operations and financial condition may be significantly harmed.

Increases in cost or shortages of
raw materials or increases in costs of co-packing could harm our business


are flavors and ingredient blends as well as aluminum cans
 the prices of which are subject to fluctuations. We are uncertain whether
the prices of any of the above or any other raw materials or ingredients we utilize will rise in the future and whether we will
be able to pass any of such increases on to our customers. We do not use hedging agreements or alternative instruments to manage
the risks associated with securing sufficient ingredients or raw materials. In addition
 some of these raw materials
 such as our
distinctive sleek 12 ounce can
 are available from a single or a limited number of suppliers. As alternative sources of supply
may not be available
 any interruption in the supply of such raw materials might materially harm us.

Our failure to accurately estimate
demand for our products could adversely affect our business and financial results.


our products. If we materially underestimate demand for our products and are unable to secure sufficient ingredients or raw materials
we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis
 in which case our business
 financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

We depend upon our trademarks and
proprietary rights
 and any failure to protect our intellectual property rights or any claims that we are infringing upon the rights
of others may adversely affect our competitive position.


 in large part
 on
our ability to protect our current and future brands and products and to defend our intellectual property rights. We cannot be
sure that trademarks will be issued with respect to any future trademark applications or that our competitors will not challenge
invalidate or circumvent any existing or future trademarks issued to
 or licensed by
 us.


proprietary blends of ingredients. These blends are created by third-party suppliers to our specifications and then supplied to
our co-packers. Although all of the third parties in our supply and manufacture chain execute confidentiality agreements
 there
can be no assurance that our trade secrets
 including our proprietary ingredient blends will not become known to competitors.


 many of
whom are more established and have greater financial and personnel resources than we do
 may be able to replicate or reverse engineer
our processes
 brands
 flavors
 or our products in a manner that could circumvent our protective safeguards. Therefore
 we cannot
give you any assurance that our confidential business information will remain proprietary. Any such loss of confidentiality could
diminish or eliminate any competitive advantage provided by our proprietary information.


    
    


We may incur material losses as a
result of product recall and product liability


any of our products causes injury
 illness or death. We also may be required to recall some of our products if they become contaminated
or are damaged or mislabeled. A significant product liability judgment against us
 or a widespread product recall
 could have a
material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. The amount of the insurance we carry is
limited
 and that insurance is subject to certain exclusions and may or may not be adequate.

Our lack of product diversification
and inability to timely introduce new or alternative products could cause us to cease operations.

.
The risks associated with focusing on a limited product line are substantial. I Even though we recently announced our first product
line extension
 if consumers do not accept our products or if there is a general decline in market demand for
 or any significant
decrease in
 the consumption of functional beverages
 we are not financially or operationally capable of introducing alternative
products within a short time frame. As a result
 such lack of acceptance or market demand decline could cause us to cease operations.

We are dependent on our key executives
and employees and the loss of any of their services could materially adversely affect us which may have a material adverse effect
on our Company.


upon the abilities of
 and personal relationships developed by our key executives and employees. The sudden loss of the services
of any key executive or employee could materially adversely affect our business and our prospects for the future. We do not have
key person insurance on the lives of such individuals.

We are dependent on our ability to
attract and retain qualified technical
 sales and managerial personnel


continuing ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical
 sales and managerial personnel. Competition for such personnel
in the beverage industry is intense and we may not be able to retain our key managerial
 sales and technical employees or attract
and retain additional highly qualified technical
 sales and managerial personnel in the future. Any inability to attract and retain
the necessary technical
 sales and managerial personnel could materially adversely affect us.

The FDA has not passed on the efficacy
of our products or the accuracy of any claim we make related to our products.


have been conducted relating to the calorie-burning and related effects of our products
 the results of these studies have not
been submitted to or reviewed by the FDA.&nbsp; Further
 the FDA has not passed on the efficacy of any of our products nor has
it reviewed or passed on any claims we make related to our products
 including the claim that our products aid consumers in burning
calories or enhancing their metabolism.



We are subject to significant competition
in the beverage industry


The principal areas of competition are pricing
 packaging
 distribution channel penetration
 development of new products and flavors
and marketing campaigns. Our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of manufacturers
most of which have substantially greater financial
 marketing and distribution resources and name recognition than we do.


    
    



to compete successfully include the taste and flavor of our products
 trade and consumer promotions
 rapid and effective development
of new
 unique cutting edge products
 attractive and different packaging
 branded product advertising and pricing. Our products
compete with all liquid refreshments and with products of much larger and substantially better financed competitors
 including
the products of numerous nationally and internationally known producers
 such as The Coca Cola Company
 Dr. Pepper Snapple Group
PepsiCo
 Inc.
 Nestle
 Waters North America
 Inc.
 Hansen Natural Corp. and Red Bull. We also compete with companies that are smaller
or primarily local in operation. Our products also compete with private label brands such as those carried by supermarket chains
convenience store chains
 drug store chains
 mass merchants and club warehouses.


compete successfully in the functional beverage industry. The failure to do so would materially adversely affect our business
financial condition and results of operations.

We compete in an industry that is
brand-conscious
 so brand name recognition and acceptance of our products are critical to our success and significant marketing
and advertising could be needed to achieve and sustain brand recognition.


upon awareness and market acceptance of our products and brands by our targeted consumers. Our business depends on acceptance by
our independent distributors of our brand as one that has the potential to provide incremental sales growth rather than reduce
distributors&rsquo; existing beverage sales. The development of brand awareness and market acceptance is likely to require significant
 will achieve and maintain satisfactory
 brand to maintain
or increase acceptance or market penetration would likely have a material adverse effect on business
 financial condition and results
of operations.




our sales are seasonal. Our highest sales volumes generally occur in the second and third quarters
 which correspond to the warmer
months of the year in our major markets. Consumer demand for our products is also affected by weather conditions. Cool
 wet spring
or summer weather could result in decreased sales of our beverages and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

Our business is subject to many regulations
and noncompliance is costly


 marketing and sale of our
beverage products are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
 state and local health agencies. If a regulatory
authority finds that a current or future product or production run is not in compliance with any of these regulations
 we may be
fined
 or production may be stopped
 thus adversely affecting our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Similarly
any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products.
Furthermore
 the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time and while we closely monitor developments in this
area
 we have no way of anticipating whether changes in these rules and regulations will impact our business adversely. Additional
or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 environmental
 tax or otherwise
 could have an adverse effect on our business
financial condition and results of operations.

Risk Factors Relating to our Status
as a Fully Reporting Public Company

We recently became subject to the
periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) that require us to incur
audit fees and legal fees in connection with the preparation of such reports. These additional costs could reduce or eliminate
our ability to earn a profit.


reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and as a result
 we are now required to file periodic reports with the Securities and
&rdquo;) pursuant to the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
In order to comply with these requirements
 our independent registered public accounting firm has to review our financial statements
on a quarterly basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover
 our legal counsel has to review and assist
in the preparation of such reports. The costs charged by these professionals for such services cannot be accurately predicted at
this time because factors such as the number and type of transactions that we engage in and the complexity of our reports cannot
be determined at this time and will have a major effect on the amount of time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However
the incurrence of such costs will obviously be an expense to our operations and thus have a negative effect on our ability to meet
our overhead requirements and earn a profit. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud
 our business and
operating results could be harmed
 investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information
 and the trading price
of our common stock
 if a market ever develops
 could drop significantly.


    
    


Our internal controls may be inadequate
which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act
 internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the principal executive and principal financial
officers and effected by the board of directors
 management and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:


to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the Company;


reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and/or directors of the Company; and


reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


of management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in certain of our periodic filings. We expect
to incur additional expenses and diversion of management&rsquo;s time as a result of performing the system and process evaluation
testing and remediation required in order to comply with the management certification requirements.


to segregate responsibilities and may be unable to afford increasing our staff or engaging outside consultants or professionals
to overcome our lack of employees. During the course of our testing
 we may identify other deficiencies that we may not be able
to timely remediate. Moreover
 effective internal controls
 particularly those related to revenue recognition
 are necessary for
us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial
reports or prevent fraud
 our business and operating results could be harmed
 investors could lose confidence in our reported financial
information
 and the trading price of our common stock could drop significantly.

The Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012 (the &ldquo;Jobs Act&rdquo;) has reduced the information that the Company is required to disclose.


 the information that
the Company is required to disclose has been reduced in a number of ways.


less than $1 billion during the Company&rsquo;s last fiscal year
 the Company is an &ldquo;
&rdquo;
&rdquo;). The Company will retain that status until the earliest of (a) the last
day of the fiscal year which the Company has total annual gross revenues of $1
000
000
000 (as indexed for inflation in the manner
set forth in the Jobs Act) or more; (b) the last day of the fiscal year of following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first

Act
 during the previous three year period
 issued more than $1
000
000
000
in non-convertible debt; or (d) the date on which the Company is deemed to be a &ldquo;
&rdquo; as
defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act or any successor thereto. As an EGC
 the Company is relieved from the following:


    
    



&rdquo;)
 which otherwise would have
required the Company&rsquo;s auditors to attest to and report on the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
The Jobs Act also amended Section 103(a)(3) of Sarbanes-Oxley to provide that (i) any new rules that may be adopted by the PCAOB
requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or changes to the auditor&rsquo;s report to include auditor discussion and analysis (each
of which is currently under consideration by the PCAOB) shall not apply to an audit of an EGC; and (ii) any other future rules
adopted by the PCAOB will not apply to the Company&rsquo;s audits unless the SEC determines otherwise.


Jobs Act amended Section 7(a) of the Securities Act to provide that the Company need not present more than two years of audited
financial statements in an initial public offering registration statement and in any other registration statement
 need not present
selected financial data pursuant to Item 301 of Regulation S-K for any period prior to the earliest audited period presented in
connection with such initial public offering. In addition
 the Company is not required to comply with any new or revised financial
accounting standard until such date as a private company (i.e.
&rdquo; as defined
by Section 2(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley) is required to comply with such new or revised accounting standard. Corresponding changes have
been made to the Exchange Act
 which relates to periodic reporting requirements
 which would be applicable if the Company were
required to comply with them.


long as the Company is an EGC
 the Company may comply with Item 402 of Regulation S-K
 which requires extensive quantitative and
qualitative disclosure regarding executive compensation
 by disclosing the more limited information required of a &ldquo;smaller
reporting company.&rdquo;


Jobs Act also exempts the Company from the following additional compensation-related disclosure provisions that were imposed on
U.S. public companies pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act: (i) the advisory vote on executive compensation required by Section 14A(a)

parachute
relationship between executive compensation and our financial performance; and (iv) the requirement of Section 953(b)(1)of the
Dodd-Frank Act
 which requires disclosure as to the relationship between the compensation of the Company&rsquo;s chief executive
officer and median employee pay.


 Section 107
of the Jobs Act provides that an EGC can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption
of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. However

out
 and as a result
 we will comply with new or revised accounting standards on
the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for companies that are not EGCs. Section 107 of the Jobs Act
provides that our decision to &ldquo;opt out&rdquo; of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting
standards is irrevocable.



We cannot guarantee the continued
existence of an active established public trading market for our common stock.


trading on the OTCQX tier of the over-the-counter market operated by OTC Markets Group
 Inc. Trading in stock quoted on the OTCQX
is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices
 due to many factors that may have little to do with our
operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating
performance. Accordingly
 OTCQX may provide less liquidity for holders of our common stock than a national securities exchange
such as the Nasdaq Stock Market. Although we have applied to list our common stock for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market
 we have
not as yet been approved for listing
 there is no assurance that we can successfully do so or that in any event
 we can maintain
an active established trading market for our common stock.


also be influenced by a number of other factors
 including:


    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
competitive developments
 including announcements by competitors of new products or services or significant contracts
 acquisitions
 strategic partnerships
 joint ventures or capital commitments;




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    


Our common stock is currently deemed
to be a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; and is restricted by the SEC&rsquo;s penny stock regulations and FINRA&rsquo;s sales practice
requirements
 which may limit a shareholder&rsquo;s ability to buy and sell our common stock


&rdquo;
to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00
per share
 subject to certain exceptions. Our common stock is covered by the penny stock rules
 which impose additional sales practice
.&rdquo;
&rdquo; refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of $5
000
000 or individuals
with a net worth in excess of $1
000
000 or annual income exceeding $200
000 or $300
000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock
rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules
 to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of
risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the
penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. The bid and offer quotations
 and the broker-dealer
and salesperson compensation information
 must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction
and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer&rsquo;s confirmation. In addition
 the penny stock rules
require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules
 the broker-dealer must make a special
written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written
agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the
secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently
 these penny stock rules may affect the
ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in
 and limit
the marketability of
 our common stock.

&rdquo;
rules promulgated by the SEC
&rdquo;) has adopted rules that require
that in recommending an investment to a customer
 a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment
is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers
 broker-dealers
must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer&rsquo;s financial status
 tax status
 investment objectives
and other information. Under interpretations of these rules
 the FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative
low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA&rsquo;s requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers
to recommend that their customers buy our common stock
 which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock.


    
    



The market for penny stocks has experienced
numerous frauds and abuses that could adversely impact investors in our common stock.


for penny stocks has suffered from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level
 along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses.


Our board of directors has the authority
without shareholder approval
 to issue preferred stock with terms that may not be beneficial to common shareholders and with the
ability to affect adversely shareholder voting power and perpetuate their control over us.


board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock without any vote or further action by our shareholders. Our board of directors
has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. As a result
 our board of directors
could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon
liquidation
 the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and the right
to the redemption of the shares
 together with a premium
 prior to the redemption of our common stock.

The ability of our principal shareholders
to control our business may limit or eliminate minority shareholders&rsquo; ability to influence corporate affairs.


and/or preferred stock which holds a majority of the voting power of our issued and outstanding capital. Accordingly
 they will
be able to effectively control the election of directors
 as well as all other matters requiring shareholder approval. The interests
of our principal shareholders may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to the issuance of shares
 business
transactions with or sales to other companies
 selection of other directors and other business decisions. The minority shareholders
have no way of overriding decisions made by our principal shareholders. This level of control may also have an adverse impact on
the market value of our shares because our principal shareholders may institute or undertake transactions
 policies or programs
that result in losses
 may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and / or may sell sufficient
numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share.

We do not expect to pay cash dividends
in the foreseeable future


common stock. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock at any time in the foreseeable future. The future payment
of dividends directly depends upon our future earnings
 capital requirements
 financial requirements and other factors that our
board of directors will consider. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock
 return on your investment
if any
 will depend solely on an increase
 if any
 in the market value of our common stock.

The &ldquo;market overhang&rdquo;
from our outstanding options
 warrants and convertible securities could adversely impact the market price of our common stock


 we have
13
638
895 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options and warrants and conversion of outstanding convertible
&rdquo; could adversely impact the market price of our common stock as a result
of the dilution which would result if such securities were exercised for or converted into shares of common stock.


    
    




    
    



are a &ldquo;



    
    



 we do not own any real property.&nbsp;&nbsp;We
currently lease our principal executive offices located at 2424 N Federal Highway
 Boca Raton
 Florida 33431. Our premises are
leased for a monthly cost of $8
809. The current lease expires on October 2020. The Company has no warehouses or other facilities
as we store our product at third party contract warehouse facilities.



    
    



 2017
 we were served with
a summons and complaint with respect to a breach of contract action filed in Superior Court of the State of California
 Los Angeles
County
 by Statewide Beverage Company
&rdquo;)
 a former distributor of the Company&rsquo;s products
whose distribution agreement
&rdquo; (non-payment of
invoices within the applicable grace period provided in the distribution agreement). The complaint alleges that the distribution
&rdquo; and seeks unspecified damages consisting of termination payments
and fees which would be due upon a termination without
&rdquo;
as well as certain invasion fees allegedly due under the terms of the distribution agreement. The Company believes that it validly
terminated the agreement for &ldquo;


 from time to time
 we may become
party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our business.&nbsp;



    
    




    
    






    
Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.





 2016
 our common stock
has been on the OTCQX tier of the over-the-counter market maintained by OTC Markets Group
 Inc.
 under the trading ticker &ldquo;CELH.&rdquo;
Prior thereto
 our common stock was quoted on the OTCPink tier of the over-the counter market maintained by OTC Markets Group
Inc. The trading price of our common stock has been volatile at times. Further
 the stock market has from time to time experienced
extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These kinds of broad market
fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. For additional information

Factors


high and low sale prices of our common stock for the two most recent fiscal years
 as reported by the OTC Markets Group
 Inc.:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





 2017
 there were 66 holders
of record of our common stock and in excess of 5
000 beneficial owners of our common stock.




on our common stock.&nbsp; We anticipate that in the future we will retain any earnings for operation of our business.&nbsp;Accordingly
we do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.


    
    


Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans




    
 outstanding options

 outstanding options

    

    
    
    
    

    
5
626
335
shares
    
173
633

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
5
626
335shares
    
173
633





    
    








    
    


smaller
reporting company



    
    


You should read the following discussion
in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the corresponding notes
 the unaudited financial statements and the corresponding
 contains forward-looking statements.&nbsp; The
matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to risk
 uncertainties
 and other factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those made

1A. Risk Factors
 risks and assumptions associated with these statements.



Year ended December
31
 2016 compared to year ended December 31
 2015




 2016
revenue was approximately $22.8 million
 an increase of $5.6 million or 33% from $17.2 million in revenue for year ending December
31
 2015. This revenue growth was mainly associated with blended growth rates of 4% in international revenues and 59% in domestic
sales. The domestic sales growth of 59% from 2015 to 2016 was mainly associated from blended growth rates of 70% from retail accounts
51% from health and fitness accounts and 26% from Internet retailer accounts. The overall increase in revenue from 2015 to 2016
was primarily attributable to an increase in sales volume
 as opposed to increases in product pricing.


    
    



of revenues by category and changes therein for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015:



    


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
22
760
983
17
217
944
    

    
    
    
    

    
8
808
481
8
442
971
    

    
    
    
    

    
13
952
502
8
774
973
    

    
    
    
    

    
9
369
734
5
517
466
    

    
    
    
    

    
2
891
251
1
912
459
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
691
517
1
345
048
    





 2016
 gross
profit increased by approximately $2.7 million or 39% to $9.7 million compared to $7.0 million for 2015. Gross profit margins improved
1.9% to 42.8% in the year ended December 31
 2016 from 40.9% in 2015. The increases in gross profit and the improvement in gross
profit margins from 2015 to 2016 are primarily attributable to the increases in revenue and a reduction in the cost of raw materials.




ended December 31
 2016
 were approximately $8.7 million
 an increase of $3.0 million
 or 53% from $5.7 million in 2015. The increase
is due primarily to increases in investments in marketing programs of $1.2 million
 increases in human resource investments of
$1.5 million and increases in related sales expenses totaling $360
000.




the year ended December 31
 2016 were approximately $3.9 million
 an increase of $730
000
 or 23%
 from $3.2 million for the year
ended December 31
 2015. The increase was primarily due to increases in professional fees of $430
000 relating in part to the Company&rsquo;s
status as a fully reporting company under the Exchange Act
 office related costs of $110
000
 investor relations costs of $130
000
human resources costs of $120
000
 increased travel costs of $130
000
 bad debt expense of $70
000
 research and development costs
of $20
000 and other general administration expenses
 offset by savings in stock based compensation expenses of $250
000 and depreciation
and amortization of $ 20
000.




$100
000 for year ended December 31
 2016 to $223
000 from $322
000 for the same period in 2015
 as a result of $93
000 in savings
in interest expense and a gain from the sale of equipment $6
000.




 for the year
ended December 31
 2016
 Celsius had a net loss of $3.1 million and after giving effect to preferred stock dividends of $366
000
a net loss of $3.4 million or $0.09 per share based on a weighted average of 38
568
088 shares outstanding. In comparison
 for
the year ended December 31
 2015 we had a net loss of $2
149
804
 and after giving effect to preferred stock dividends of $420
493
a net loss of $2
570
297 or $0.08 per share based on a weighted average of 33
175
826 shares outstanding.


    
    





 2016 and 2015
 we had
cash of approximately $11.7 million and $10.1 million
 respectively and working capital of approximately $15.4 million and $13.2
million
 respectively. Cash used in operations during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 totaled approximately $2.4 million
and $755
000
 respectively
 reflecting capital investments in sales and marketing programs and human resources initiatives.


our primary sources of working capital have been private placements of our securities and our credit facility with CD Financial
&rdquo;)
 an affiliate of Carl DeSantis
 a principal shareholder of the Company.


agreement with CD Financial in July 2010
 which provided us with a line of credit to fund operations. As amended in connection
with a private investment transaction consummated in April 2015
 the loan and security agreement provides Celsius with a revolving
line of credit pursuant to which Celsius can borrow up to an aggregate maximum of $4.5 million from time to time until maturity
in January 2020. The credit facility requires quarterly cash payments of interest only at the rate of five percent (5%) per annum
until maturity and is secured by a pledge of substantially all the Company&rsquo;s assets. As of December 31
 2016
 the principal
amount outstanding under the credit facility with CD Financial was $4.5 million.


 2016 and March 14
2017
 the Company raised an aggregate of $15.0 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate of 4
833
329 shares of our common
stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to 13 accredited investors. Investors in the private placement
included:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CD Financial (533
333 Shares);

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Charmnew Limited (800
000 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Li Ka Shing
 one of our principal shareholders;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Grieg International Limited (533
333 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Chau Hoi Shuen Solina
 one of our
principal shareholders; and

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Nu Horizons Investment Group
 LLC (433
333 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Tim Leissner
 a director
and one of our principal shareholders; and Russell Simmons
 one of our principal shareholders.


(12) months plans on a sufficient financial condition and we do not contemplate obtaining additional financing. However
 if our
sales volumes do not meet our projections
 expenses exceed our expectations
 or our plans change
 we may be unable to generate
enough cash flow from operations to cover our working capital requirements. In such case
 we may be required to adjust our business
plan
 by reducing marketing and other expenses or seek additional financing. There can be no assurance that such financing
 if
required
 will be available on commercially reasonable terms if at all.




 2016
 we had no off-balance sheet arrangements.



    
    





    
    




    
    



data listed in &ldquo;



    
    






    
    





Financial Officer
 conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act
 as of December 31
 2016
 to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the rules and forms adopted by the SEC
 including to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management
including our President and Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal
financial and accounting officer)
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of
December 31
 2016
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.


Officer do not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. Although our disclosure
controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our principal executive
officer has determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at doing so
 a control system
 no matter how well
conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute assurance that the objectives of the system are met. Further
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent
limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple
error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual a desire to do so. There can be no
assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.

Management&rsquo;s
report on internal control over financial reporting


for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting
is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
the Company&rsquo;s principal executive and financial officers and effected by the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
 management
and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures
that:


Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company&#894;


Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the
Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company&#894; and


    
    



Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
use or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


and our Chief Financial Officer
 conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures
 as of December 31
 2016. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have
concluded that as of December 31
 2016
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.


internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial
Reporting


over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2016t that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely
to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.



    
    





    
    






    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.





of our directors and executive officers and their positions with Celsius. The address for each of such individuals is c/o Celsius
2424 N Federal Highway
 Boca Raton
 Florida 33431.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Interim President and Chief Executive Officer; Chief
    Financial Officer

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


joined Celsius in January
2012 as its Chief Financial Officer and has served in that position since that time. Mr. Fieldly joined the Company from Oragenics
Inc.
 where he served as corporate controller from April 2010 until January 2012. Effective March 1
 2017
 Mr. Fieldly was appointed
to serve as Interim President and Chief Executive Officer upon the retirement of Gerry David from those positions
 pending the
board of directors identifying and retaining a permanent replacement for Mr. David

 became a director
of Celsius in March 2013. Since September 2004 he has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Anthony&rsquo;s
Coal Fired Pizza
 Inc.
 a Florida based chain of casual dining restaurants.

joined Celsius&rsquo;
board of directors in March 2013. He has almost forty (40) years experience in product introduction and direct marketing
 being
one of the first to market products through infomercials. Since 2005
 he has been Chief Executive Officer of Harrington Business
Development
 Inc.
 a privately-held consulting firm. A serial entrepreneur
 Mr. Harrington appeared as one of the original panelists
on the ABC television program
.&rdquo; He currently also serves as Chairman of the Board of As Seen On
TV
 Inc.
 a public company which focuses on marketing products through infomercials and other direct marketing.

became a director of
Celsius in April 2016. Since November 2014
 Mr. Kravitz has served as Chief Executive Officer of AQUAhydrate
 Inc.
 a company engaged
in the manufacture
 distribution and marketing of bottled water. He also served as a consultant to AQUAhydrate from August to November
2014 and in 2013
 Mr. Kravitz helped form InterContinental Beverage Capital
 a New York-based merchant bank focused on investments
in the beverage industry. For over thirty (30) years prior thereto
 Mr. Kravitz served as an executive officer and in other management
positions in various units of the Coca-Cola system

joined our board of directors
in April 2015. Since September 2012
 he has served as a Project Manager for Horizon Ventures
&rdquo;)
a Hong Kong based private investment fund. From April 2011 to September 2012
 Mr. Lai was an analyst with Mooreland Partners
 LLC
another private investment concern. Mr. Lai joined the board as one of two designees of an investor group led by Horizon Ventures
pursuant to an Investors&rsquo; Rights Agreement entered into in April 2015.


    
    


joined Celsius&rsquo;
board of directors in April 2016 as the second designee of the investor groups pursuant to the Investors&rsquo; Rights agreement.
From December 2002 to February 2016
 Mr. Leissner was a partner at Goldman Sachs
 Inc. Since that time
 he has been acting a private
investor and business consultant. Mr. Leissner serves as a member of the board of directors of All Def Digital

Def Digital

 became a director
of the Company in November
 2009. For over forty (40) years
 Mr. Lynch has served as President of the Plastridge Agency
 Inc.
a five-office insurance agency based in Delray Beach
 Florida
 which traces its origins to 1919. He also serves as a director of
First United Bancorp
 Inc.

has served as
a director of Celsius since August. 2008. Since June 2000
 Mr. Milmoe has served as President of CDS International Holdings
 Inc.
a privately-held holding company based in Boca Raton
 Florida
 which oversees the business investments and holdings of Carl De
Santis
 one of our principal shareholders.




term to hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders and until their successors are appointed and qualified
 or
until their removal
 resignation
 or death.&nbsp;&nbsp;Pursuant to the Investors&rsquo; Rights Agreement
 the number of directors
is set at seven (7) and the Investors have the right to appoint two (2) designees to the board of directors. Officers of the Company
serve at the pleasure of the board of directors.








three standing committees
 an audit committee
 a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. The
audit committee currently consists of Messrs. Lynch
 Kravitz and Milmoe
 the compensation committee currently consists of Messrs.
Lai
 Castaldo and Harrington and the nominating and corporate governance committee currently consists of Messrs. Milmoe
 Leissner
&rdquo; within the meaning
of the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market.


 we believe each of Messrs.
Lynch
 Kravitz
&rdquo; as the term is defined by the applicable
rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq Stock Market listing standards
 based on their respective business professional
experience in the financial and accounting fields. At the time of the listing of our common stock for trading on the Nasdaq Stock
Market
 we will be required to certify to the Nasdaq Stock Market
 that our audit committee has
 and will continue to have
 at
least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting
 requisite professional certification in accounting
or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual&rsquo;s financial sophistication.




directors in its oversight of the company&rsquo;s accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the company&rsquo;s
financial statements
 including (i) the quality and integrity of the company&rsquo;s financial statements
 (ii) the company&rsquo;s
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements
 (iii) the independent auditors&rsquo; qualifications and independence and (iv)
the performance of our company&rsquo;s internal audit functions and independent auditors
 as well as other matters which may come
before it as directed by the board of directors. Further
 the audit committee
 to the extent it deems necessary or appropriate
among its several other responsibilities
 shall:



    
    
be responsible for the appointment
 compensation
 retention
 termination and oversight of the work of any independent auditor engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit
 review or attest services for our company;



    
    




    
    
    




    
    
review with the company&rsquo;s financial management on a period basis (a) issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement presentations
 including any significant changes in our company&rsquo;s selection or application of accounting principles
 and (b) the effect of any regulatory and accounting initiatives
 as well as off-balance sheet structures
 on the financial statements of our company;




    
    
monitor our Company&rsquo;s policies for compliance with federal
 state
 local and foreign laws and regulations and our company&rsquo;s policies on corporate conduct;




    
    
maintain open
 continuing and direct communication between the board of directors
 the audit committee and our independent auditors; and




    
    
monitor our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and shall have the authority to initiate any special investigations of conflicts of interest
 and compliance with federal
 state and local laws and regulations
 including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 as may be warranted.



committee.




of directors in meeting its responsibilities relating to the compensation of our company&rsquo;s executive officers and to administer
all incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans of the company
 including the plans under which company securities may
be acquired by directors
 executive officers
 employees and consultants. Further
 the compensation committee
 to the extent it
deems necessary or appropriate
 among its several other responsibilities
 shall:



    
    
review periodically our company&rsquo;s philosophy regarding executive compensation to (i) ensure the attraction and retention of corporate officers; (ii) ensure the motivation of corporate officers to achieve our company&rsquo;s business objectives
 and (iii) align the interests of key management with the long-term interests of our company&rsquo;s shareholders;




    
    
    




    
    
make recommendations to the board of directors regarding compensation for non-employee directors
 and review periodically non-employee director compensation in relation to other comparable companies and in light of such factors as the compensation committee may deem appropriate; and




    
    
review periodically reports from management regarding funding our company&rsquo;s pension
 retirement
 long-term disability and other management welfare and benefit plans.



committee.

Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee


committee recommends to the board of directors individuals qualified to serve as directors and on committees of the board of directors
to advise the board of directors with respect to the board of directors composition
 procedures and committees to develop and recommend
to the board of directors a set of corporate governance principles applicable to the Company; and to oversee the evaluation of
the board of directors and Celsius&rsquo; management.


    
    



 the nominating and corporate governance
committee
 to the extent it deems necessary or appropriate
 among its several other responsibilities shall:



    
    
recommend to the board of directors and for approval by a majority of independent directors for election by shareholders or appointment by the board of directors as the case may be
 pursuant to our bylaws and consistent with the board of director&rsquo;s evidence for selecting new directors;




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



of our nominating and corporate governance committee.




our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our common stock (collectively

Persons
required to be supplied to us. To our knowledge
 based on our review of such reports
 during the year ended December 31
 2016 the
Reporting Persons complied with all applicable Section 16(a) reporting requirements
 except that Thomas E. Lynch&rsquo;s Form 3
was not filed until March 22
 2017
 due to an administrative oversight.




to all of our executive officers
 directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that
govern all aspects of our business. This document will be made available in print
 free of charge
 to any shareholder requesting
a copy in writing from our Secretary at our executive offices in Boca Raton
 Florida. A copy of our code of ethics is available
on our website at 




periodic meetings with management and the Company&rsquo;s independent auditors to perform risk oversight with respect to the Company&rsquo;s
internal control processes. The Company believes that the board&rsquo;s role in risk oversight does not materially affect the leadership
structure of the Company


    
    




    
    





information concerning the compensation paid to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 who are our two executive
officers
 during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Gerry David
 CEO
    
237
780
52
789
100
000
10
200
300
769

    
    
230
850
52
500
90
000
10
200
293
550

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 CFO
    
174
370
42
371
100
000
    
216
741

    
    
169
290
41
500
90
000
3
150
213
940



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr.
David retired as an executive officer of the Company effective March 1
 2017
 whereupon Mr. Fieldly assumed Mr. David&rsquo;s positions
on an interim basis.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Represents stock options
granted under our Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan to purchase 90
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.05 per
share. The options vest in three annual installments commencing one year from the date of grant
 subject to continued employment
and expire ten (10) years from the date of grant. In connection with Mr. David&rsquo;s retirement in March 2017
 vesting of his
stock options was accelerated.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Represents stock options
granted under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan to purchase 100
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.97 per share.
The options vest in three annual installments commencing one year from the date of grant
 subject to continued employment and expire
ten (10) years from the date of grant. In connection with Mr. David&rsquo;s retirement in March 2017
 vesting of his stock options
was accelerated.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Represents
housing allowances.


 executive officers are entitled
to participate in benefit plans maintained for employees of the Company generally.




 we employed Gerry David and
John Fieldly
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 respectively pursuant to one-year employment agreements
which expired on December 31
 2016. The employment agreements provided for base annual salaries of $237
780 and $174
370 for Messrs.
David and Fieldly
 respectively
 eligibility for performance-based incentive bonuses pursuant to such criteria as may be established
by our compensation committee
 the grant of options to each executive officer to purchase 100
000 shares of our common stock and
certain automobile and housing allowances. The employment agreements also provided for (a) severance payments equal to (i) two
months salary in the event of termination upon death of the executive officer; and (ii) six months&rsquo; salary and continued
&rdquo; (as defined therein); and (b) a
&rdquo; payment in an amount equal to twice the executive officer&rsquo;s then base salary in the
&rdquo; (as defined therein).
The employment agreements contained customary confidentiality and non-competition provisions.


 2017
 effective retroactive
to January 1
 2017
 we entered into a new three-year employment agreement with John Fieldly
 our Chief Financial Officer. The employment
agreement provides for a base annual salary of $225
000
 eligibility for performance-based incentive bonuses
 pursuant to such
criteria as may be established by our compensation committee and the grant of options to be effective as of January 26
 2017 to
o purchase 100
000 shares of our common stock. the employment agreement
also provides for (a) severance payments equal to (i) two months&rsquo; salary in the event of termination upon death; and (ii)
&rdquo;
&rdquo; payment in an amount equal to twice the base salary then
&rdquo; (as
defined therein). The employment agreement contains customary confidentiality and non-competition provisions.


    
    



in the additional capacities of Interim President and Chief Executive Officer
 effective March 1
 2017
 the Company entered into
an addendum to the employment agreement
 increasing Mr. Fieldly&rsquo;s Base Salary by $15
000 per month during the period he serves
in such additional capacities and issuing to him a 100
000 share restricted stock grant under the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan.


and Chief Executive Officer
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Mr. David effective March 1
 2017. The consulting
agreement
 which was approved by our compensation committee and our board of directors provides for
 among other matters
 Mr. David
to receive (i) a consulting fee of $20
000 per month through December 2017; (ii) a one time bonus for services rendered of $415
000
$300
000 of which Mr. David has agreed to apply to the exercise of options to purchase our common stock previously granted to him;
(iii) acceleration of the vesting of certain of those options; (iv) and continuation of certain fringe benefits through the term
of the consulting agreement
 which expires on December 31
 2017. The consulting agreement also contains mutual release
 confidentiality
non-competition
 non-solicitation and non-disparagement provisions.




paid to our directors for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2016.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
12
000
40
000
    
    
    
12
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
12
000
40
000
    
    
    
12
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
12
000
140
000
    
    
    
9
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
12
000
140
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
12
000
140
000
    
    
    
12
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
12
000
40
000
    
    
    
12
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
12
000
40
000
    
    
    
12
000




    
    
Represents options to purchase 40
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.97 per share granted under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan. In addition
 Hal Kravitz
 Chris Lai
 and Timothy Leissner received additional options to purchase 100
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.08 per share granted under our 2015 Incentive Stock Plan.


Narrative Disclosure to the Director
Compensation Table


with options to purchase common stock or awards of common stock as determined by the compensation committee. Non-employee directors
are also reimbursed for out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with attending meetings.


    
    



Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal
Year-End


with respect to stock awards and grants of options to purchase our common stock outstanding to the named executive officers at
December 31
 2016.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
730
000
160
000
160
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
380
000
160
000
160
000
    
    




    
    
    



Mr. David retired as an executive officer of the Company effective March 1
 2017 and in connection
therewith
 the vesting of certain of those stock options was accelerated.




 we adopted our 2006 Incentive
Stock Plan
 which was amended in July 2009. The Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan provided for equity incentives to be granted
to our employees
 officers or directors or to key advisers or consultants. Equity incentives may be in the form of stock options
with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the underlying shares as determined pursuant to the Amended 2006
Incentive Stock Plan
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock awards
 stock bonus awards
 other stock-based awards
 or any
combination of the foregoing. The Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan is administered by the compensation committee of the board
of directors. Options to purchase 3
776
113 shares of common stock are outstanding under the 2006 Amended 2006 Incentive Stock
Plan as of the date of this Report. The Amended 2006 Incentive Stock Plan (but not award thereunder) expired in January 2017.




 adopted
in April 2015
 provides for equity incentives to be granted to our employees
 executive officers or directors or to key advisers
or consultants. Equity incentives may be in the form of stock options with an exercise price not less than the fair market value
of the underlying shares as determined pursuant to the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan
 restricted stock awards
 other stock based awards
or any combination of the foregoing. The 2015 Incentive Stock Plan is administered by the compensation committee of the board of
directors. 5
799
968 shares of our common stock are currently reserved for issuance pursuant to the exercise of awards under the
2015 Incentive Stock Plan. The number of shares so reserved automatically adjusts upward on January 1 of each year
 so that the
number of shares covered by the 2015 Incentive Stock Plan is equal to 15% of our then issued and outstanding common stock. Stock
option and awards to purchase an aggregate of 1
850
222 shares of our common stock are outstanding under the2015 Incentive Stock
Plan as of the date of this Report.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation




    
    





    
    



 as of the
date of this Report
 the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each executive officer and director
 by each person known
by us to beneficially own 5% or more of our common stock and by executive officers and directors as a group.&nbsp;&nbsp;The address
of the each of the executive officers and directors set forth in the table is c/o the Company
 2424 North Federal Highway
 Suite
208
 Boca Raton
 Florida 33431.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
740
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
280
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
150
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
280
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
190
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
4
162
659
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
277
126
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
20
970
551
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
27
050
336
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
20
692
925
    
    

 Delray Beach
 Florida 33483
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
7
710
113
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 2 Island Road
 
5
376
030
    
    

    
    
    
    

512 Seventh Avenue
New York
 NY 10018
3
972
659
    
    





than 1%


and investment power with respect to the shares indicated.&nbsp;&nbsp;Under the rules of the SEC
 a person (or group of persons)
&rdquo; of a security if he or she
 directly or indirectly
 has or shares the power
to vote or to direct the voting of such security
 or the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same security.


    
    



shares of our common stock that are issuable upon exercise of stock options or conversion of preferred stock as of the date of
this registration statement or within sixty (60) days thereafter.


shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options.


shares of common stock held by Nu Horizons Investment Group
 LLC over which Messrs. Leissner and Simmons share voting and dispositive
power.


(a) 47
626 shares of common stock held of record by Mr. Milmoe; (b) 230
000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock
options; (c) 8
554
289 shares of common stock held of record by CDS Ventures
&rdquo;); (d) 5
157
692
shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred C Shares held of record by CDS Ventures; (e) 1
896
488 shares of common
stock held of record by CD Financial
; and (f) 4
651
163 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred D Shares
held of record by CD Financial. Mr. Milmoe and Carl DeSantis share voting power with respect to shares of common stock beneficially
owned by CDS Ventures and CD Financial. Mr. Milmoe does not have dispositive power with respect to such shares.


(a) the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options held and the conversion of preferred stock beneficially
owned by Mr. Milmoe as set forth in footnote (4) above; (b) 2
290
000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock
options held by the Company&rsquo;s other officers and directors; and (c) 3
972
659 shares of common stock beneficially owned by
Mr. Leissner as set forth in footnote (3) above.


(a) 8
554
289 shares of common stock held of record by CDS Ventures; (b) 5
157
692 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of Preferred C Shares held of record by CDS Ventures; (c) 1
896
488 shares of common stock held of record by CD Financial; and
(d) 4
651
163 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred D Shares held of record by CD Financial. Voting power
of shares of common stock beneficially owned by CDS Ventures and CD Financial is shared by Mr. DeSantis and William H. Milmoe.
Mr. De Santis has sole dispositive power with respect to such shares


shares of common stock held of record by Charmnew Limited
 over which shares Mr. Li has voting and dispositive power.


shares of common stock held of record by Grieg International Limited and Oscar Time Limited
 over which shares Ms. Chau has voting
and dispositive power

Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans



    
 outstanding options

    
 outstanding options

Number
of securities remaining

plans (excluding securities

    
    
    
    
    

    
5
626
335 shares
    
    
173
633

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
5
626
335shares
    
    
173
633




    
    



    
    




    
    





at 2424 N Federal Highway
 Boca Raton
 Florida 33431 are leased from a company affiliated with CD Financial. The lease expires
in October 2020 and provides for monthly rent of $8
809. We believe that the monthly rent is commensurate with other properties
available in the market.

Marketing and Advisory Services Agreement
with All Def Digital


 the Company entered into
&rdquo;) with All Def Digital.
Tim Leissner
 a director of the Company is also a director of All Def Digital. The Company has paid All Def Digital $152
438 and
$237
959 for services rendered pursuant to the Advisory Services Agreement during the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2016
 respectively.

Loan and Security Agreement with CD
Financial


agreement with CD Financial in July 2010
 which provided us with a line of credit to fund operations. As amended in connection
with a private investment transaction consummated in April 2015
 the loan and security agreement provides Celsius with a revolving
line of credit pursuant to which Celsius can borrow up to an aggregate maximum of $4.5 million from time to time until maturity
in January 2020. The credit facility requires quarterly cash payments of interest only at the rate of five percent (5%) per annum
until maturity and is secured by a pledge of substantially all the Company&rsquo;s assets. As of December 31
 2016
 the principal
amount outstanding under the credit facility with CD Financial was $4.5 million.




 2016 and March 14
2017
 the Company raised an aggregate of $15.0 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate of 4
833
329 shares of our common
stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to 13 accredited investors. Investors in the private placement
included:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
CD Financial (533
333 Shares);

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Charmnew Limited (800
000 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Li Ka Shing
 one of our principal shareholders;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Grieg International Limited (533
333 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Chau Hoi Shuen Solina
 one of our
principal shareholders; and

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Nu Horizons Investment Group
 LLC (433
333 Shares)
 an existing shareholder of record affiliated with Tim Leissner
 a director
and one of our principal shareholders; and Russell Simmons
 one of our principal shareholders.




to the review
 approval or ratification of our board of directors or an appropriate committee thereof.


    
    




    
    





the fees billed to us by D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. for professional services rendered for the years ended December 31
 2016
and 2015
 respectively.



    



    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
88
075
62
100

    
3
000
9
591

    
3
000
4
000



for the audit of the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements included in the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on
Form 10
 our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and reviews of the consolidated financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q.


related to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form 10
 which was filed in July 2016.


&rdquo; directors. It is the Company&rsquo;s policy to have its Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer preapprove all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent public accountants
subject to approval by the audit committee. These services may include audit
 audit-related
 tax and other services. Pre-approval
is generally for up to one year
 is detailed as to the particular service or category of services
 and is generally subject to
a specific budget. Unless there are significant variations from the pre-approved services and fees
 the independent public accountants
and management generally are not required to formally report to the audit committee regarding actual services and related fees.



    
    






The following consolidated financial statements and the report of our independent registered
public accounting firm
 are filed as &ldquo;



    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2016 and
2015
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
    

    
    

    
    




    
    
    



are omitted because the information required is not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements
or notes thereto.



    
    
    



    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Articles of Incorporation
 as amended*

    
    
    

    
    
Bylaws
 as amended*

    
    
    

    
    
Loan and Security Agreement with CD Financial
 LLC
 as amended*

    
    
    

    
    
Investors&rsquo; Rights Agreement dated April 20
 2015*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement effective January 1
 2016 with Gerry David*

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement effective January 1
 2016 with John Fieldly*

    
    
    

    
    
Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated April 20
 2015*

    
    
    

    
    
Consulting Agreement effective March 1
 2017 between the Company and Gerry David

    
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement effective January 1
 2017 between the Company and John Fieldly

    
    
    

    
    


        March 1
 2017 between the Company and
        

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    








the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form 10 and incorporated herein by reference.


Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.




    
    





of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



Date: &nbsp;March 30
 2017
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
John Fieldly
 Interim President and Chief Executive Officer; Chief Financial Officer

    
    
    



 this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
March 30
 2017

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(Principal Executive
 Financial and Accounting Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
March 30
 2017

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
March 30
 2017

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
March 30
 2017

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
March 30
 2017

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
March 30
 2017

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
March 30
 2017

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
March 30
 2017

    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    






    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
    

    
    

    
    



    
    




REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM





 Inc. and Subsidiaries



balance sheets of Celsius Holdings
 Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31
 2016 and 2015 and the related consolidated statements
of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31
2016. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.


with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Celsius Holdings
Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31
 2016 and 2015 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
two years in the period ended December 31
 2016
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.




    
/s/ D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 PA

    
    

    
    

    
    

Boca Raton
 Florida
    

March 30
 2017
    





    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 




    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
11
747
138
10
128
320


 net
2
787
732
2
127
060


 net
2
211
370
2
322
904

    
937
349
666
267

    
17
683
589
15
244
551

    
    
    


 net
33
533
21
319

    
17
717
122
15
265
870

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
754
207
1
805
931

    
353
666
190
847

    
214
612
25
057

    
2
322
485
2
021
835

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
500
000
4
500
000

    
6
822
485
6
521
835

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 2
500
000 shares authorized
 6
380 and 6
380 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized
 39
999
784 and 38
380
380 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively
40
000
38
380

    
64
208
963
58
626
212

    
(53
354
332
(49
920
563

    
10
894
637
8
744
035

    
17
717
122
15
265
870


The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 




    
    

    



    
    
    

    
22
760
987
17
217
944

    
13
031
153
10
177
986

    
9
729
834
7
039
958

    
    
    

    
8
675
763
5
701
845

    
3
899
031
3
165
573

    
12
574
794
8
867
418

    
    
    

    
(2
844
960
(1
827
460

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(228
750
(322
344

    
6
095
    

    
(222
655
(322
344

    
    
    

    
(3
067
615
(2
149
804

    
    
(139
535

    
(366
154
(280
958

    
(3
433
769
(2
570
297

    
    
    

    
38
568
088
33
175
826


 basic and diluted
    
    


The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit)
For the Years Ended December 31
 2016
and 2015



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Preferred
    Stock
Common
    Stock
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance at December 31
 2014
2
200
    
20
459
032
20
459
40
165
955
(47
350
266
(7
163
850

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
4
000
    
    
    
3
999
996
    
4
000
000

    
    
    
    
    
180
000
    
180
000

    
    
    
5
000
000
5
000
1
495
000
    
1
500
000

    
    
    
12
921
348
12
921
11
375
238
    
11
388
159

    
    
    
    
    
1
270
488
    
1
270
488

    
    
    
    
    
139
535
(139
535
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(280
958
(280
958

    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
149
804
(2
149
804

Balance at December 31
 2015
6
380
    
38
380
380
38
380
58
626
212
(49
920
563
8
744
035

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
333
333
1
334
3
998
666
    
4
000
000

    
    
    
250
000
    
559
750
    
560
000

    
    
    
36
071
    
5
290
    
5
326

    
    
    
    
    
1
019
045
    
1
019
045

    
    
    
    
    
    
(366
154
(366
154

    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
067
615
(3
067
615

Balance at December 31
 2016
6
380
    
39
999
784
40
000
64
208
963
(53
354
332
10
894
637



The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 





    
    

    





    
    
    

    
(3
067
615
(2
149
804

    
    
    

    
16
951
33
043

    
(6
095
    

    
1
579
045
1
270
488

    
    
    


 net
(660
673
485
131

    
111
534
(635
969

    
(271
082
(313
942

    
(51
697
1
168
400

    
(203
335
(280
958

    
189
555
(331
544

    
(2
363
412
(755
155

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(30
830
(10
412

    
7
760
    

    
(23
070
(10
412

    
    
    

    
    
    


 related-party
    
450
000


 related-party
    
(1
200
000

    
4
000
000
11
388
084

    
5
300
    

    
    
(93
269

    
4
005
300
10
544
815

    
    
    

    
1
618
818
9
779
248

    
    
    

    
10
128
320
349
072

    
    
    

    
11
747
138
10
128
320

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
113
750
401
808

    
152
223
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
93
269

    
    
4
000
000

    
    
1
500
000

    
    
180
000


The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 



December 31
 2016



    
    


 &mdash;Celsius
Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Celsius Holdings&rdquo;) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada
on April 26
 2005. On January 24
 2007
 the Company entered into a merger agreement and plan of reorganization with Elite FX
 Inc.
a Florida corporation. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 Elite FX
 Inc. was merged into the Company&rsquo;s subsidiary
Celsius
 Inc. and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company on January 26
 2007. In addition
 on March 28
 2007 the Company
established Celsius Netshipments
 Inc. a Florida corporation as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.


 the Company is
engaged in the development
 marketing
 sale and distribution of &ldquo;functional&rdquo; calorie-burning fitness beverages under
the Celsius&reg; brand name.



    
    



have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;US GAAP&rdquo;).


&mdash; The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Celsius Holdings
 Inc. and its subsidiaries.
All material inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.


&mdash; The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts
 reserves for inventory obsolescence
the useful lives and values of property
 fixtures and equipment
 valuation of stock based compensation
 and deferred tax asset
valuation allowance.

&mdash;
Although the Company has a number of operating divisions
 separate segment data has not been presented
 as they meet the criteria
for aggregation as permitted by ASC Topic 280
 Segment Reporting
 (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS)
No. 131
 


is considered to be our Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The CEO reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis
for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing financial performance. The financial information reviewed by the CEO is
identical to the information presented in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Therefore
 the Company has determined
that it operates in a single operating segment. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 all material assets and revenues
of the Company were in the United States except as disclosed in Note 2.


&mdash; Substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s revenue derives from the sale of Celsius &reg; beverages.


relationships for its raw materials purchases and filling capacity
 which potentially subjects the Company to a concentration of
business risk. If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to the Company
 operations could
be adversely affected.


subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The
Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality financial institutions. At times
 balances in the Company&rsquo;s
cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31
 2016
 the Company had approximately $11.5
million in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 



December 31
 2016



    
    



 2016 and 2015
the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of revenue with its customers:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2016 and 2015
the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its customers:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



customer A are derived from a distributor located in Sweden. Revenues from all other customers were mainly derived from the United
States.

 &mdash;
The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
At December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 the Company did not have any investments with maturities of three months or less.

 &mdash;
Accounts receivable are reported at net realizable value. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon
factors pertaining to the credit risk of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. Delinquent accounts are
written-off when it is determined that the amounts are uncollectible. At December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 there was an
allowance for doubtful accounts of $72
300 and $3
500
 respectively.


    
    



Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 



December 31
 2016



    
    


 &mdash;
Inventories include only the purchase cost and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using the FIFO method.
Inventories consist of raw materials and finished products. The Company reserves against inventory during the period in which
such materials and products are no longer usable or marketable. In 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded a reserve of $201
000 and
$329
000
 respectively. The changes in reserve are included in cost of revenue. Free Samples are recorded as cost of sales.


&mdash; Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation of property and
equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset generally ranging from three
to seven years.

Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets
 &ldquo;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&rdquo; the Company reviews the carrying
value of intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured by comparison
of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If such assets are
considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the property
if any
 exceeds its fair value.

 &mdash;
Revenue is derived from the sale of beverages. Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an agreement exists
 the products
are delivered
 sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Any discounts
 slotting fees
 sales
incentives or similar arrangements with the customer are estimated at time of sale and deducted from revenue.

&mdash;
From time to time the Company requires prepayments for deposits in advance of delivery of products and/or production runs. Such
amounts are initially recorded as deferred revenue. The Company recognizes such revenue as it is earned in accordance with revenue
recognition policies.

 &mdash;
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. The Company uses mainly radio
 local sampling events
 sponsorships
 endorsements
 and
digital advertising. The Company incurred advertising expense of approximately $4.3 million and $3.2 million
 during year ending
December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.


&mdash; Research and development costs are charged to general and administrative expenses as incurred and consist primarily of
consulting fees
 raw material usage and test productions of beverages. The Company incurred expenses of $90
000 and $71
000 during
year ending December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.


&mdash; The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and notes payable
approximates fair value due to their relative short-term maturity and market interest rates.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 



December 31
 2016



    
    



- ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally
 ASC 820 requires the use of valuation techniques
that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are prioritized below:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data
 which require the use of the reporting entity&rsquo;s own assumptions.



assets or liabilities measured at fair value at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015.

The
Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &ldquo;Accounting for Income Taxes
&rdquo; which requires
among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between
the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided to offset any net deferred
tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not be realized. The Company
follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to
 When tax returns are
filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others
are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained.
In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period
during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained
upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 



December 31
 2016



    
    


Income Taxes (continued)
&mdash;
recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon
settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the
amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet
along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company
believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability
for uncertain tax benefits.




effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be
effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions
considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered
more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open.


for tax years in 2013 through 2016 remain subject to potential examination by the taxing authorities.

&mdash;
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing net income (loss) available to stockholders by the weighted-average number
of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number of common
and dilutive common share equivalents outstanding during the period. Dilutive common share equivalents consist of shares issuable
upon conversion of convertible debt
 exercise of stock options and warrants (calculated using the reverse treasury stock method).
As of December 31
 2016
 there were options outstanding to purchase 5.6 million shares
 which exercise price averaged $1.04
 Series
C Preferred Stock warrants outstanding to convert to 4.6 million common shares at $0.52 price per share and Series D Preferred
Stock warrants outstanding to convert to 4.7 million common shares at $0.86 price per share. There were no other dilutive common
shares equivalents
 including convertible notes and warrants
 as no common share equivalents had an exercise price below the ending
closing price of the year. The effects of dilutive instruments have not been presented as the effects would be anti-dilutive.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 



December 31
 2016



    
    


&mdash;Effective
January 1
 2006
 the Company has fully adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 718 &ldquo;Compensation &mdash; Stock Compensation&rdquo;
and related interpretations. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at the fair value of the share-based payments.
Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the grants. On April 30
 2015
 the Company
adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and retain highly competent
persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting or advisory services
to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock or to receive monetary payments based on
the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and shares for up to 5
000
000 shares.
In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares included under the plan
 with the shares to be added
on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1
 2016.

Shipping and Handling Costs

goods shipped for year ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 was $1
984
000 and $1
161
000
 respectively.




new accounting pronouncements as of the specified effective dates.


 the FASB issued
ASU No. 2014-09
 &ldquo;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&rdquo; which supersedes previous revenue recognition
guidance. ASU No. 2014-09 requires that a company recognize revenue at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company
expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer. In applying the new guidance
 a company will
(i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction
price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the contract&rsquo;s performance obligations; and (v) recognize revenue when (or
as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. ASU No. 2014-09 was to be effective for reporting periods beginning after December
15
 2016. However
 on July 9
 2015
 the FASB voted to approve a one-year deferral of the effective date. This new guidance is effective
for the Company beginning January 1
 2018 and can be adopted using either a full retrospective or modified approach. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of ASU No. 2014-09 on its financial position
 results of operations and liquidity.


 the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (the &ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) No. 2015-16

the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments
made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination by requiring the acquirer to (i) recognize adjustments to provisional
amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amount is determined
(ii) record
 in the same period
 the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation
 amortization
 or other income effects
 if any
as a result of the change to the provisional amounts
 calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date
and (iii) present separately or disclose the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would
have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition
date. ASU 2015-16 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 beginning after December 15
 2015. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2015-16 on January 1
 2017 to its consolidated financial
position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued
ASU No. 2015-03
 (&ldquo;ASU 2015-03&rdquo;). ASU 2015-03 simplifies
the presentation of debt issuance costs and requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented
in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability (consistent with debt discounts). &nbsp;


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.



December 31
 2016



    
    


Recent Accounting Pronouncements
(continued)


 the FASB issued
ASU No. 2015-15

(Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting)
2015-15 allows debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit agreements to be presented in the balance sheet as an asset. ASU 2015-03
and ASU 2015-15 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 beginning after December 15
 2015. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company plans to early adopt ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 as of December 31
 2016; the adoption is not expected to
have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results of operations.


issued but not yet effective are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations
 cash flows or financial position.

&mdash; These
financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will be able to continue as a going concern. At December 31
 2016
the Company had an accumulated deficit of $53
354
000 which includes a net loss available to common stockholders of $3
434
000
for year ended December 31
 2016. While these factors alone may raise doubt as to the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a
going concern
 the Company&rsquo;s sale of an aggregate of $15 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate of 4
833
329
shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to 13 accredited investors between December
30
 2016 and March 14
 2017 is deemed sufficient to alleviate substantial doubt regarding the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue
as a going concern.



    
    



at:



    





    
    
    

    
2
142
032
2
309
288

    
270
143
342
691

    
(200
805
(329
075


 net
2
211
370
2
322
904



    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 



December 31
 2016



    
    



current assets total $937
000 and $666
000
 at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively
 and consist mainly of prepaid
consulting agreement with D3M Licensing Group
 advertising
 prepaid insurance
 prepaid slotting fees
 and deposits on purchases.



    
    






    





    
    
    

    
291
626
264
495

    
(258
093
(243
176

    
33
533
21
319



to $16
951 and $33
043 during year ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.



    
    



the following at:



    





    
    
    

    
858
131
1
207
353

    
896
076
598
578

    
1
754
207
1
805
931



    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 



December 31
 2016



    
    



of the following at:



    





    
    
    

    
201
652
13
063

    
12
960
11
994

    
214
612
25
057




    
    



of the following as of:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
 the Company entered a line of credit note payable with a related party which carries interest of five percent per annum. The Company can borrow up to $9
500
000. The Company has pledged all its assets as security for the line of credit. The note matures in
January 2020
 at which time the principal amount is due. During April 2015
 the Company issued $4
000
000 of convertible series
D preferred series in exchange for cancellation of $4
000
000 of this line
 reducing the amount to $4
500
000.
    
    

    
4
500
000
4
500
000




    
    




    





    
    
    


 related party
    
    



 the Company
entered a convertible note payable with a related party
 a majority shareholder which carries interest at six percent per annum.
The outstanding balance is convertible into the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a conversion price of $0.30 per share. The Company
is obligated to file a registration statement upon written notice from the creditor and such registration statement must be effective
within 180 days of the date of notice. If after the 180 days the Company has not complied with the agreement it shall pay $65
000
per month in penalty
 until the registration statement is effective.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 



December 31
 2016



    
    



2016
 at which time the principal amount is due. In April 2015
 the note holder converted the outstanding portion of $1
500
000
into shares of common stock in accordance with the conversion terms of the agreement. The creditor also terminated all registration
rights and waived any penalties that might have been incurred in connection therewith. The outstanding balance on the loan as of
December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015 was $0 and $0
 respectively.



    
    



 2013
 the Company
entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &ldquo;2013 Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with CDS Ventures of South Florida
 LLC
(&ldquo;CDS&rdquo;) and CD Financial
 LLC (&ldquo;CD&rdquo;). CDS and CD are limited liability companies which are affiliates of
Carl DeSantis
 the Company&rsquo;s principal shareholder. The Company issued 2
200 shares of its Series C Preferred Stock (the
&ldquo;Preferred C Shares&rdquo;) in exchange for the conversion of a $550
000 short term loan from CDS and the conversion of $1
650
000
in indebtedness under the Company&rsquo;s line of credit with CD (the &ldquo;CD Line of Credit&rdquo;). The Preferred C Shares
are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder thereof at a conversion price of $0.52 per share at any time
until December 31
 2018
 at which time they will automatically convert into shares of our common stock determined by dividing the
liquidation preference of $1
000 per Preferred C Share by the conversion price then in effect. The conversion price is subject
to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits and similar events. The Preferred C Shares accrue cumulative annual
dividends at the rate of 6% per annum
 payable by the issuance of additional Preferred C Shares. The holder of Preferred C Shares
votes on an &ldquo;as converted&rdquo; basis
 together with holders of common stock as a single class on all matters presented
to shareholders for a vote
 except as required by law. In April 2015
 the Company issued 180 Preferred C Shares valued at $180
000
in settlement of $180
000 in accrued preferred C dividends. As of December 31
 2016
 $303
000 of dividends has been accrued. The
Preferred C Shares mature on December 31
 2018 and are redeemable only in exchange for shares of Company common stock.


 2015
 the Company
entered into an amendment to its existing Loan and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;) with CD an affiliate of CDS
Ventures and Mr. DeSantis. Pursuant to the Amendment
 the outstanding principal amount of the CD Line of Credit was reduced by
$4.0 million
 which amount was converted into 4
000 shares of a newly-designated Series D Preferred Stock (the &ldquo;Preferred
D Shares&rdquo;). This related party was given a conversion price of $0.86 per common share
 whereas other investors purchased
common shares at $0.89 in the private placement
 as discussed in note 12. The difference of $0.03 per share
 which resulted in
$139
535
 was recorded as a dividend in accordance with ASC 470-20-35
 subsequent measurement for debt with conversion and other
options. The Preferred D Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder thereof at a conversion price
of $0.86 per share until the earlier of the January 2
 2020 due date of our line of credit with CD Financial or such earlier date
&rdquo;). The conversion price is subject to adjustment
in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits and similar events. The Preferred D Shares accrue cumulative annual cash dividends
at the rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly in cash and have a liquidation preference of $1
000 per share. On the Mandatory
Redemption Date
 the Preferred D Shares automatically convert into shares of our common stock in a number determined by dividing
the $1
000 per Preferred D Share liquidation preference plus any accrued but unpaid dividends
 by the conversion price then in
effect. The Preferred D Shares may also be redeemed by us at any time on or after December 31
 2016
 at a redemption price equal
to 104% of the liquidation preference. The holder of the Preferred D Shares votes on an &ldquo;as converted&rdquo; basis
 together
with holders of common stock as a single class on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote
 except as required by law.
&nbsp;As of December 31
 2016
 $51
000 of dividends has been accrued regarding these shares.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 



December 31
 2016



    
    



rented from a company affiliated with CD which is controlled by our majority shareholder Carl DeSantis. Currently
 the lease expires
on October 2020 with monthly rent of $8
809. The rental fee is commensurate with other properties available in the market.


 the Company entered
into a strategic marketing and advisory services agreement with All Def Digital. Tim Leissner
 a director and shareholder of the
Company is also a director and shareholder in All Def Digital. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company has paid All Def Digital $152
438
and $237
959 for services rendered pursuant to the Advisory Services Agreement during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
respectively.


are discussed in notes 8
 9
 10
 and 12



    
    


Issuance of common stock
pursuant to services performed


 the Company issued
a total 250
000 &ldquo;restricted&rdquo; shares of its common stock as compensation pursuant to celebrity endorsement agreements
at a fair value of $560
000
 or $2.24 per share representing the closing stock price on that date.

Issuance of common stock
pursuant to conversion of note


 the Company issued
5
000
000 unregistered common shares upon conversion of $1
500
000 of convertible notes
 at contractual terms.

Issuance of common stock
pursuant to private placement


 the Company issued
a total of 12
921
348 shares of common stock at $0.89 per share for gross proceeds of $11.5 million (see note 10). Expenses incurred
of $111
841 were charged to additional paid in capital and the Company received net proceeds of $11
388
159.


 the Company
issued a total of 1
333
333 shares of common stock at $3.00 per share for net proceeds of $4.0 million. These shares were issued
to existing shareholders of record.

Issuance of preferred stock
pursuant to private placement


on preferred stock issuances.

Issuance of common stock
pursuant to exercise of stock options


December 31
 2016
 the Company issued an aggregate of 36
071 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options
granted under the Company&rsquo;s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. The Company recorded $5
326 for options exercised
 of which $5
300
was for options that were exercised for cash
 with the balance of the options being exercised on a &ldquo;cashless&rdquo; basis.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 



December 31
 2016



    
    



the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s net tax provision was zero.


income tax rate and the applicable statutory federal income tax rate is summarized as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    


 including stock based compensation
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2016 and 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s
deferred tax assets were as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
17
248
000
16
029
000

    
(17
248
000)
(16
029
000)

    
    
    



allowance increased by $1
219
000 during 2016 and decreased by $276
000 during 2015. Total net operating loss carry forwards at
December 31
 2016 were approximately $41.6 million. The losses
 if unused
 expire through 2036.The Company&rsquo;s net operating
loss carry forwards may be limited due to ownership changes pursuant to Internal Revenue Code section 382.



    
    



Stock Plan on January 18
 2007. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and retain highly competent persons
at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting or advisory services to the
Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock or to receive monetary payments based on the value
of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. While the plan terminates 10 years after the adoption date
 issued options have their
own schedule of termination. During 2013 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the
plan from 2.5 million to 3.5 million shares of common stock. During May 2014
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase
the total available shares in the plan from 3.5 million to 4.25 million shares of common stock
 during February 2015
 the majority
of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from 4.25 million to 4.6 million shares of common
stock and during April 2015
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from
4.6 million to 5.1 million shares of common stock. Until 2017
 options to acquire shares of common stock may be granted at no less
than fair market value on the date of grant. Upon exercise
 shares of new common stock are issued by the Company.


    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 



December 31
 2016



    
    



Stock Incentive Plan on April 30
 2015. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and retain highly competent
persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting or advisory services
to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock or to receive monetary payments based on
the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and shares for up to 5
000
000 shares.
In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares included under the plan
 with the shares to be added
on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1
 2016.


the Company has issued options to purchase approximately 5.6 million shares at an average price of $1.04 with a fair value of $7.3
million. For the year 2016 and 2015
 the Company issued options to purchase 1.3 million and 1.3 million shares. For the year ended
December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recognized an expense of $1
019
000 and $1
271
000
 respectively
 of non-cash compensation
expense (included in General and Administrative expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations) determined by
application of a Black Scholes option pricing model with the following inputs: exercise price
 dividend yields
 risk-free interest
rate
 and expected annual volatility. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company had approximately $1
945
000 of unrecognized pre-tax
non-cash compensation expense
 which the Company expects to recognize
 based on a weighted-average period of 0.5 years. The Company
used straight-line amortization of compensation expense over the two to three year requisite service or vesting period of the grant.
There are options to purchase approximately 4.45 million shares that have vested
 of which 307
000 shares were exercised as of
December 31
 2016.


option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of its stock option awards and warrant issuances. The calculation of the fair value
of the awards using the Black - Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the Company&rsquo;s stock price on the date of grant
as well as assumptions regarding the following:




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 



December 31
 2016



    
    



determined with reference to the historical volatility of the Company&rsquo;s stock. The Company uses historical data to estimate
option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. The expected term of options granted represents the period
of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life
of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant.


Company&rsquo;s outstanding stock options as of December 31
 2016 and changes during the period ending on that date is as follows:




    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2014
3
496
    
    
    
    

    
1
306
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2015
4
634
    
    
5
300
    

    
1
327
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2016
5
636
    
    
7
317
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
 2016
4
411
    
    
    
    




options outstanding at December 31
 2016:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
362
    
    
2
362
    
    

    
1
391
    
    
1
172
    
    

    
1
853
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
5
637
    
    
4
411
    
    



    
    


Celsius Holdings
 Inc. 



December 31
 2016



    
    



 2017
 we were served with a summons and complaint with respect to a breach of contract action
filed in Superior Court of the State of California
 Los Angeles County
 by Statewide Beverage Company
&rdquo;)
a former distributor of the Company&rsquo;s products
 whose distribution agreement
 the Company had terminated effective November
&rdquo; (non-payment of invoices within the applicable grace period provided in the distribution agreement).
&rdquo; and seeks unspecified
damages consisting of termination payments and fees which would be due upon a termination without
&rdquo;
&rdquo; as well as certain invasion fees allegedly due under the terms of the distribution
&rdquo; and will vigorously defend
against the action. The Company accrued $85
000 in expense as of December 31
 2016 associated with this complaint based on an estimate
of legal fees.


from time to time
 we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course
of our business.&nbsp;


distribution agreements with liquidated damages in case the Company cancels the distribution agreements without cause. Cause has
been defined in various ways. It is management&rsquo;s belief that no such agreement has created any liability as of December 31
2016.


office lease with a related party (see note 10) effective October 2015. The monthly rent amounts to $8
809 per month and the lease
terminates in October 2020. Future annual minimum payments required under operating lease obligations at December 31
 2016 are
as follows:







    

    
113
461

    
116
720

    
120
078

    
102
455

    
480
343




    
    



 2017 and March 14
2017
 the Company raised an aggregate of $11.0 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate of 3
666
662 shares of our
common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to accredited investors
 including certain affiliates
of the Company
 as more fully described in the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on March 14
 2017.


 2017 and February 14
2017
 the Company issued an aggregate of 238
795 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted
under the Company&rsquo;s 2006 Stock Incentive plan. The Company recorded $25
000 for options exercised
 of which $25
000 was
for options that were exercised for cash
 with the balance of the options being exercised on a &ldquo;cashless&rdquo; basis.


 2017
 the Company issued
47
126 shares of &ldquo;restricted&rdquo; stock to each of William H. Milmoe and Thomas E. Lynch in consideration for services
previously rendered to Celsius.


 2017
 the Company incorporated two wholly owned subsidiaries in Hong Kong
Celsius Asia Holdings Limited and Celsius China Holdings Limited.



 2017
 Gerry David
 Celsius&rsquo;
President and Chief Executive Officer retired from such positions with the Company. Pending our board of directors identifying
and retaining a new President and Chief Executive Officer
 John Fieldly
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Financial Officer will serve
in such additional capacities on an interim basis. Mr. David will continue to serve as a consultant to the Company through December
31
 2017.


    














     







Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm



We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 of Celsius Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
of our report dated March 30
 2017 relating to our audits of the consolidated financial statements which appear in the Company&rsquo;s
Annual Report Form 10-K (Document No. s105632)
 for the two years in the period ended December 31
 2016.




/s/
D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 PA
Certified
Public Accountants

Coconut
Creek
 Florida
March
30
 2017






    














     






CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


 John Fieldly
 the Interim President
and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
&rdquo;)
certify that:


have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2016 of the Registrant;


on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;


on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented
in this report;


as the Registrant&rsquo;s Interim Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 am responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
 to ensure that
material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within
those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


of the Registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


report any change in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


as the Registrant&rsquo;s Interim Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 have disclosed
 based on my most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&rsquo;s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and


fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



&nbsp;Date: March 30
 2017
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
John Fieldly
 Interim President and Chief Executive Officer; Chief Financial Officer

    
    
(Principal Executive
 Financial and Accounting Officer)



    















     






CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS
ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002


Celsius Holdings
 Inc.
&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2016
&rdquo;)
 I
 John Fieldly
 the
Interim President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect;1350
as adopted pursuant to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Date:&nbsp;&nbsp;March 30
 2017
CELSIUS HOLDINGS
 INC

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
John Fieldly
 Interim President and Chief Executive Officer; Chief Financial Officer

    
    
(Principal Executive
 Financial and Accounting Officer)




    












begin 644 image.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0!F17AI9@  34T *@    @ !@$2  
M   !  $   
!  4    !    5@
#  $    !     %$0  $    ! 0   %$1

M# P'0X/#0P.PP
#/_; $
! @( P,#!@,#!@P(!P@,# P,# P,# P,# P,
M# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,#/_  !$( $$
M\P
!(@ $0$#$0'_Q  ?   !!0$! 0$! 0           0(#! 4&!P@)@O_
MQ U$   0
# @0#!04$!    7T! @
 !!$%$B$Q008346$'(G$4
H&1H0@C
+CY.7FY^CIZO'R\_3U]O?X
M^?K_Q  ? 0 # 0$! 0$! 0$!         0(#! 4&!P@)@O_Q U$0  0($
M! 






M2Y*U2
7O9M)_BSW*BO#?^'DOP'_Z*MX)_P#!G'_C1_P\E^ __15O!/\ X
H_
M\:U_LO&_\^9?^ O_ ,?[:R__G_#_P 7^9[E17AO_#R7X#_ /15O!/_ (
H


:/[+QO_/F7
M_@+_ 

MD_P%_PBK^/_!G'_C1_P\G^ O\ T5?P1_X
X_\ &C^R\;_SYE_X_\ (/[:
MR_\ Y_P_\7^9[E17AO_  \G^ W_ $5?P1_X
X_\:/\ AY/\!O\ HJ_@C_P9
MQ_XT?V7C?^?
O_ 7_D']M9?_ 
_X?^!+_

M  9Q_P-']EXW_GS+_P%_P0?VUE_P#S_A_X$O\ 




ME_\ S_A_X$O\SW&BO#?^'DOP'_Z*MX)_\&4?^-'_  \G^ O_ $5?P1_X
X_\
M:/[+QO\ SYE_X_\@_MK+_\ G_#_ ,7^9[E17AO_#R?X#8_Y*OX(_\ !G'_

/)_@+_

O_ 7_ )!_;67_
M //^'_@2_P SW*BO#?\ AY/\!O\ HK'@C_P9Q_XT?\/)_@/_ -%8\$?^#./_






O_ 7_ )!_
M;67_ //^'_@2_P SW&BO#O\ AY-\!_\ HJ_@G_P9Q_XTG_#R?X#?]%8\$_\
M@SC_ 
:/[+QO_/F7_@+_ 

H_\ &C^R
M\;_SYE_X_\ (/[:R_\ Y_P_\7^9[E17AO_  \G^ W_ $5?P1_X
X_\:/\
MAY/\!O\ HJ_@C_P9Q_XT?V7C?^?
O_ 7_D']M9?_ 
_X?^!+_
]RHKPW_AY+








Y7

M-'L#)JL5Q>O



MUL;:ZAMY5M^-HA6:


64C[[&OHK]I7P/<_$S]F?Q)INW;JDFE_;+8!<E+

M.
5\[:KXUC\=?$*S^.





=;CO=6U)Q)=6D37;*\TL*P-(T





89
 [&



M\







SIMVE!+
!)G(#'GBJ7A3P7


MXTV
6LLT\H

MX1_Z%CP__P^'_XFC_A2WA'_H6/#_\ X+X?_B:\GT_QQXX\?ZUXM\06/C+0



M1[:K_

MI:'X5T^RMUW2SW-I!%%$/5F90 /K7D_PV_MKQ#^V9INK7.MSM'=?#BQO)[
6

CG^'[H K8^





JCKC-9/C_XE
M?$3P5XL\



M_O%]4H?R+[D?4?\ PI;PC_T+'A__ 
%\/_Q-4-?^'O@'PKIS7FJ:-X3TVSC(







M((KRSP)\7?&7QN^+/@V/3]8A\




MAYK$GB)II-3T/7KW1VEFMH[:XE2%AL



MG@UOQ7K4-Y]HUVSFM[F$/';%@0I54&,NNURJA+8JY^V!\+M+UCP%XZUWPW
MI_A_5M4W1W'BB^EO/
U32(;2..4+9A@5BG6(%T1FC4












^X9

MMBBC)W

MKW$R7



M#332?O)'4D(BDA4R?I;]HW2O%[\._MOCJ;R_#NAWD.IS1N28KF2)LQQ/&
M?.#.5Q%@[VC!.!1[:K_ #/[V'U2A_(ON19T+P)\/?%.CKJ&FZ3X1U&P;)6Z
MM;:VFA..OSJ.._-





C:Y&&R!G@]*DT'

MC!QK&M1V-LD$

L@RELBJ !' A$:@?W6;JQ-'MZO\S^]A]4H?R+[D=O_ 
*6
M\(_]QX?_P#!?#_\363XF\)?#?P4L+ZUI_@O2$G)6)KV&VMQ(1UEP
XR.GK
M7/V'Q&^)



M-Y

=UX5N


M&'!DN+JTMX8DSP






M4?



QZ)X*URW\/Z3I]HL?B199 UK):O,]O;[/L_F/


M@QX1Q_R*_A__ 




?@K5?#&F:3_9
U
MK;Z+=W%[I\UI?3V]U92SN[S-'.CB1=[.VY=V#G&




$

]_=S7[?95
MSMME

_@WX3:[%J6BZ7/'=6MNUG9FYOI[I=.@8@M%


ME.
FT=WNIKU=3FMOMDXL9[M<;;E[4/Y+2@J#O*




MOV8?!%SX%TSPXNBK:Z?HMPUY8O:W



?3



MJ'AP3#39 S*+42H(Y





M



MU\[4_#_G_8)_
#?#'A76]#ATVYO-*


M%C#I^DV

M

5O\=G'8Q\U]OD)C:F[=





M6*=I#+&R[1@HPQSZG


M(G\IU$T623M?(^8^ISWU% 'G_CW]F;P9\1[ZUN-0TJ2&:ULO[

MOV:3R'3?#Z(V0
G&

6^W:(UV
MD%0%&!C&*Z&B@#C_ (C?!+P[\5+338]6L[@R:+(9=/NK6[FM+JR8IL;RYHF5

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
G HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#__9
end








begin 644 pg40img1_10k.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! @  9 !D  #_[  11'5C:WD  0 $    9   _^X #D%D
M;V)E &3      ?_; (0  0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0( @( @( @( P
# P
# P
# P$! 0$! 0$ 0$
M @(! @(# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
#
M P
# P
# P
#_\  $0@ ? *Z P$1  (1 0
1 ?_$ 0T   $$ @
! 0


! @
M$00%(1(&!S%!46$B$PAQ@:$R8I(4D4)RTM-4L=%2LB

7-QCA
MHD-3DR0T1'15\6-D-74V)RBCP[0E981%)CA69G;_V@ 

MXO.UN;;L



M*;K];:!H/YH


MD(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@T
MA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D
M(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA

MCVP((.(MRJ43((%$U3FJ;LH'#6S6[GB$UCH36E1IRU


MNLB:1\7C534-4.KJ(


MEW!11RR#B53D)#E$1%RVS/V;.S-K73#R

M4Q?$4Y1
0Y1 Q340'6X]JO%KO\ :E7*S.]]1N4JR#







8D2G.8

)@YBU*%3!S (A


MS)S9)C/(&7.1

G-EF
W1$1B)\A&/F%$P!S %0K0: (

5  1 ! 1 *CX@X?'Z-1D2
M)CA$N=$RG

PXXC%*H4P#02U#N P#J$P., MC)*@3U$0@&$1[:!W]@^GOI
MJ4*23($3B:8E.8E&7
4* )@J/940J/R:C


MG



QD)
MF4ST#ICD Q1H' 0'O 2_P#8T.&!XPT*&8$%)ZX3F[@\7PU#Z TZ^41!!X$
M?+&50 *B(!\8ZA

#W'_N4C/WT0 ?3K+.PW]K=





M



/'R7 %K0H!K;KPH;B7*CN


VC1-93TB9_?B^O!
M+).T:&Q\RM='RY2?PQ)%S:A1I0?1\%1UK0/5'T1^-P&^!\IC$P4$0TCT@-


MM) Z


M




MU=B%QSSM&%LC*9&2
*+RX14%JG:U]1Q ;-6LF_6+Y;9X1-$#./UI9

M[R^'6FL]H?UIMXX'-/
I2X^U/
4H5@%
J.)!YB9(Q







MLN!W(

I9

MR^VG
T+N#P?C+
4 LFHRONT(F7703


M;EJX.V
=



VBNNCJG:DI
UK)4KJQX\XA+



2#'*KQDZGU);MV6K=;*^MIJ15


_B4JZ9NO8O&5+J01


M1^C)0T_%LIF)D&QN=L]C9-JB]8ND#A]9)=LJ4Q1] ZYX/
NVQ]RUUDQ54RRA


G.6Y]M(F1T1YA:5)

MZDDD3!PB!( GRC$3D#M-]_4PQ,AR@D\Q\H@!0@\ 
 _%7Y_1H2!QE$
R9Y
M9X_NYPO
7TAJ 
Q
1

1


MUOUOEIJPT&Q-ONM#145/=EM4?Z5M 2J1:!.8@3))Q/3'+[P]:GOMP\2ESM=9

$)0G,7LKV\.P=/WX@DA4\O*,M(C!I$'@ C\&D(K[=?:ZKKM3'NW%



TI/J@C$CCT\HUPT3

^9:P '5
MB.0
83E. 4,&M =6Z6K]':
MBJ+!<0H/LJE(\T\4JYCM#'J,=.MN-=T&Y.C:#6%L(2Q4IDX@?-6,% ^0PXC5
MNQ?D8G$ *-?@K\HZ@1.(*G*0XF*XG7%W'W4TN#FV/&5S3<+<
W((7O=7V8F









#]WQ_0.O-T$H5
M]%7X(E5R^D(IFXJ&O6Q0$?\ K;WX'W5+E_0UTQU*1_=72#_R!C\*8Y!Z5P\:
M  __ 

U*_@_FB.O36/X2OPF,%$?,,/,%2T#OI4?DH
M(_+J8H;4H*4.VDS!G$YS92)A2%121A%2GKA;9H##^:+#SWC]@E;33
 2H7&
MWBDBLT&V2;5


M 5#-(TIQI*S/O$. @H63R1(E




M]4CL[/3NBD/1W4TS$OYS

MG:.JOXP-(M


M(VHVLW M^C7*-#U#5)2XZ\I67(E2E)D.1EEGYX8?N'Z[U_1N39V#VX6!8TOC


MQ]M





M\1']L5V^G_%C+/A;_L
M'T/XPB#!W_IV2^D=SZ/S6L76U$__ &@
_P#AP_IC

#E(/




P#40[PH-1#M[!IKXP

M&'/G'

M*5ZZAM2@)RSJD2!SDHF-Q]I;C64.QEKNU2@NUS%I6ZE)

MYUV&TIB;+M^Y$Q3;UOW3::MJQ&-;*@+ID'ZU\SMRIS*KL\BZ?L41B8*W&T81

4-9GNGA2NM%J2@T[;*SOJ.J*B\\494L(4JS$S,\V8@8F


MA.(YNZ73C6S!5H)H[VX13**E#\OBI76.]%[!C5&V3NX*[B45=.T^5-=W/
E@


M7X7M%M)SKU;1A/\ !^TCY$^

2I.90

M2

M$CI\XI)*HJ4(H7B CKINGM%J':JX

MU9




MN/IED[RWMRLR-MU^L4R












F2I
M_+$ '5#U7X7


M-UDQ



M5%Y?Y(1RG\-*

\8TVZ8TN/*V4Y]&!M:W
MVG.(B *2
Q(* /L$'!
.8%I*9DU@Y$42 /$1

MXC=3;O:A70Z?T^*:RMJ[=0MR0R3P(!':
N0YX1]V^+JE9
V7;B(W%DSA.V9[



)B+=I4



[B
A2&Q+\
MHJ


M/Q;GYHB0WI

9
M/]25CP/^SG\XQ(N)RAW]G;\'QZPT7F1Q4(SZ
1/HB%OKG

DI.709FGX
MK*]F?9!=8B97OM[L[YM+(
5345Y%X0J_F@7@)2 )NS6R7A7?N#6ZK2*):C2.
M

MYE3_ *RI]2

CS$05NZV'36*OJ(
8@$ 0F$$DSJDK4Q7QA'

%
^(!*A




_



=Q/#






/#AJ!

+'QC2&9^[4(MBQ0C6K$%F


:_

MX

M%QK1D1!%FTDU!0;J@F!?UI90OZ8=97\-6F$:SW+=U%?2:@6VG2X0LE94XHA*

M;7A*T_MCI+0;6I[A66[]I:]U1_3O

MOK)N#[LM6?CW$;
0

'^FU!=V5,ZEHZ13QS,N)7
MF0.U,E,@#(\3*.:NU]V8VG\2]18-/OT[NDJVN# [MYD]VM79*0#(D&7#&)4

$']7@8]3B8V0\=PEM=2$&8_6
_E3




6;:-Y/5!SZUR7F)
ME=



;:=VYW;\0VNF=3


M'I_03]IMZ0FAIK4\D)Y@(86?)RBH)T@MN=H[B=UR 9!A65QV;BVS7=_OX&32



//
M%R4N

NV58JC$/$6A%V *-%3IF!
Q0$

I

.NA&S#@=\-58[R507



:F


?0:ARFY3G+









$@\1^$1*)M%ZD
<<=[UN^!1


':?GMUQ%84P.8H!RF'7CM=O-

M


M)%-C&130!*=_
2;DQ46Z!?$HH8.PH&$.BV[.G[KJS96RV6Q




A9823+
$YDEPCKET&+6.!

M/$4A32DS('*'MD[/2'(5:3F)(_C65/Q'@4O*0I2AH-J?4UZUK=7;[J%Y3M:\





]O
.Z\N2R/

M+3L\X)1#-9(E3C+7(N4P!^F]C'MUD?PCZ4:N.JJK5UQ30V]E651X9Y9@1R









VD5E:K.,?W:LHX3!N4WB
M%%N$KA
:5 J;A+TAJZ_%?HG]G]9M:DI4)%MN+(S*$\7T =XKA@%)4DCF9&8
M$6IX(-Q%:DT._HVX.E5RMKDVP98


%2B

MHG



TSUS'



M]!9IOV5VR2GUK@B./H_KY'N[]05ZI@.

M1UN1JY2(IO31#=POR'



MSFIG:LI29SDEHY 9\PK+

M48B%41#PF



M2_N


!CB<]H6YW;B#;H%=V5)*81




4^6L3;7-
#5UC]H[S;W)!ZHHFRD



M7+2R;/196\$E:G


MM3BZ0
M$K205?9$O.(]M*^$'0FFM64]W8U :BZ4%4VZEE0;BI@0D@*S&9Z!'ONOB

MKI% =[L4 \0_


RP
M2/=


9(\)K?=['6L$^J\X?E





M
I=F5/+$U2B1)D'YF7@ )Q:Q0;)M4E(4H%3*!$3+R$(0HT(0A.PA!P

=-VT'

M

M4MMGVD$YCQ^74058*V-[Z^HK DSEDW/LO V-=+MV
++7O-7%*/)YJBY5;N


T-'136$!90%J[7 #LI'R3C
MN\#VEJ1MVLU7=*ZN#;2EY0HH3

0)O=+.SLSLHGG4


\7M4K'6=5




M?
%44H@NV

HW6-RA41$=;2Z:\7EY8I&Z?4ELIG0@24M@]





M5FF
Q4EG*4DB1*5I2M
Q


5(

[9U]W&_&\\)EN-*U(Z9REEF:N;%O[4]:V];]U2[V5)#( I'F7:
(CE3HW
M;1K=;?JOTN^\IBF%SJ77% $YVTNF;<@1(J_*F9=$.-WF;<;XZ7.ZK&N9LN)




M6ID7T4^ Q! P!SDY3@'*8!UH+J_35ST9J5[3EU0I+[2U *E(%(]4@=!'7QF(






MR;8;0IRR6UXI6/72AM@SSSP$ER&'+I





S3.?RRX3BY
M*;P7[GL4R&Z+4J6TI;24)0XXA* H=I

00



M5*W1_P#=

JD=--

M;PJ;*9TZ9\TA*3\HQANF4-V6X7



0






FG
M:1HSD@!J8Y@A9*AY1QY1;%_\;^L+[2JMFBK%W=:\
H42MTIGS24223CS&$=#





M+I'
%90[G_0KZ
#NS=X<9D%EUQ:4J,L$M#7E)^01=7C
2E6^%E3VE+[EA*BD$CM.G&?3
M*6$6XX
'*'.G'RS995F
MX



M*-@M3^-[0+%G6K2]/65=T6DI2A82D D$ F1).






X]4:5U#2AXVDJSHS.7+

AV92GTR$3F]7
MLY?Y/G/)3F!
OL]E  G$]M_VU0!$1I6H:U)\/@*]V[*&QVBX9$X6/'HZHW



M& ZU7Z^F-V4I*4A*N





TM)\\CAUQ6
_F^ITQSCGXJ)GKB:UU*D
M.4P ![J/VT'A0=;P^,3,G3&GPLISR5P,_P#)HCG)X#T9-97Y*$K[E#+:02)3
M7%@$]9&)BUR) . U$0I3L[N(-:AK0CBX#^1^^(Z=+;*DE)
@3RZC.*JG7
M#V^W[9V?;

B'68HZ]V##X^BRY?Q_D2&R/'1+9
M&7;6C'Q
];MQ2;= $UGT
.+02[ RB^T=<F\LLI2H(<JU) $QF
\
6E&7(VVD$Y)\0KC
MQXGJC63?K<'5N^%J_;9% _0[=T^X;)F5+?/#-\TCK3T1.GTV
@-L5]*BU
F





M@SW+#W% IN5UV /FC)8DC&3+%-;R5 \LZ2O(!^8IA$NKHWA\-6L;YJVIU7H[


2ON I)6\I,B!(_,G@H9Z#%PZ

M4'=+%#*.

MJNMA!7;'7674$2RI0@B20.


M]2MAOCMNW-M&W/&EZ2
3

MX7

 'Y8W6\/FWM;M?M=0:;O*@JZ]XIUV4NP7!
)
M/DX17WZ7YTQZL5Y !RB;WON3$0YBC4 F9(:% !K40UN'OT?_ &\VQ2RW
-T4

NKI^[I[KVWYV%2W;&NJZBV9?+=^N)6=F7ZBJ5E;]],_-,4A8*;3422
M<JE J


_

33MPT1N9;]S;&5

U
M392IQ.!2X!(\.9$SCTPZ7H*X(7C[






M%#A;

MBFZ?6W


M0-MSN/(N:=M2I#.L#





SC.?1A$QG3


\:
;5D\SW3C0]R
VVH$EHG@0.7 RZXAG_B0;2^'_$59E:_^=_@I_MIK

M?UY[K_\ .JOY1^*)1X:MDP9BQ4OI@+LAVFC]7!=F?)[W^\
I33^O3=?_ )U5
M_*/Q1-_=MV4_Y#2^F





.=;Q IA BD28!KV4$(Z@Z

M6XE*DGJ(
7HTQ$BH$[JF#CVT+6GS:Y9-IS9W3ZV8B.TN7(A*!B$J $^M
_PQ

DIF1
$8=?[_1 X_+/Y(;U
;3=LUQ2\G/W!@'$




M=17 %-=7U;R3^6ZM7X3RBM6W0VC;.O/;+70L*]EI EY

 TTA&D+

])\L74$A( 3@D  #D .$H
MY=1B:
3E Q1 =
1B#*)5H2M.50F(T0]VP;=I*YU;VD


M[DR)B3




M&DA#8 0. ' =0A3)@:HAP'T_T?#J1;:7 $K$P#/SQ-+M9OG2EYNJ-/Y2V_X8

(Z\Z^KJKH\JIN+BW
MJI?K+62I9ZRHXSCZK7;+?9*1-!:64,4*/5;0))'D'*/&V]8.-?0Y._-%CO\
MXPR7O@;Y^R
$-U^]O+\KWG[]%D

M0R7%%L =)R$41.AM')O/[0_JRC-\S%7?EL%V9YA?&/=W=9-J7] OK5OBVH

M%D8YA



MTDDB% D333(!0 .  %-40C,M;BB2M9F?+%S(0EM6T8(0F0\D?3J
3P:0CX
MI!@TDV;J/?-D7C)\W6:/6;E




O+Q]

MB''2N%\43EE
.S&-24:G,(IF!
M,!*(\!U:K5]O;-Q-W:JZ@78DGOLY[W'B,_&75%\N:/TJ[94Z<7;Z3]0I((8#
M:0T.!R\)QV$-BW'ENV8ICF!LBV(?'ZS.0CU+)C86-9VL=C+'74E&9H-!N2/
M



MIM?ZD%=5&T99=R7%=W+Z

M8ZRC%-H/)-CVO?L



M2OI&!GTSZ8K[M




;T%$1KV@(A2I1 !GH'MKJV5(D%

M1@8NX7!I90RLH9:79L4GR@R*AQ
M4_ZX(U-75?K-2Z@N-(*X5E0_1)0$+6
M5)&094R!





H)!2
!($CA%8SK4;A(C/^2\+[6
+R









ME5^H*:K4Q/)WB J6;CQ\L=B^Q)C:3L9/&+^Q;7=XY29-(U.Q'$+&JVD2/8*I

;. *!35

M%YAH/'7VVZXWT/JJ;6^[3UD%)4VHI.4\1
11KUIZS:BI!0WVG;JJ1+J7 E


M7*:PTK5+3NJ*E);2$I*CQ
A@#'F8_;7@(NQ&_8GN
(R]V\HXFD+N865;K6
MXTIEX94SJ6)
(LORR*YG@G6 _.83C41J.OJ=U1J5ZW+M#E?5FVK0$EOO%9
M

[K_L%$/NO&P!\XZGB:(Z0 I?
MK=O:';KZ8\H4XB AQ_2_

0$1&@
M^D ^?CV:B/Y5E/S5O!)ZP09CT1XU 'PCYYAK^


@$I


MI#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-
M(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$15=378#=.^*%QD-CWM;EDW-CB2N54%
+I&05G2!(J*/YBX 24.5%50B2
M;8#B8I!/0X7/NYXC+KN):OV;LE*BALKDBLID,TOFX<!Y,3P,HLC97PIVK;B^
MHUCJ.K5<;\R3W05,AN?/CB?+/IB;KE#T=OPC^CK70PZN$;A@ 3'29QULO0
MUP1SJ(G8J.FHI\F5)[&2S-O(Q[M,BA5BIN63M-9LN0JIF #%$.8 'NUZ
NO
M4SO?TRUMOC@IBE0Y8$$$8881XU5+35S)IJQM#M.KBE:0I)YX@X'$#C'V(-4
M&Q$13*F1


M2$&D(U?F?_DSNO\ L-#^WFND(CJY1[1&M/C'@'QZ^F/*

=5]*_^4[3TFVTY_P 01&GU6[@G[=Q%B]S;\[
P

M

H




M&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@
MTA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&
MD(-(0:0@TA!I
.0E:\H5]/8/$:_?TZXA(%6?YP$I]4+RE_I0^X'IK]_4B4(
M2G(D (Z(C\[-\[IC+4\(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@TA!I#2$&D(-(0:0@

M1^+YA_U=(0$
(A3APH 4#C_JZ0A2A3GX=_#[NO0?Y+_B$_FJCRJ/]D?_ )K^
M

M5^R=J=M/LO;WQ?W'9:Y]:C_\PUW_ !;OYQCJGI7_ 
K6S_@&?S!'0Y Q5CC+








 D.7PJIF P=H@
M1WU5

6\B#97.S0
MC8YXR:23CPE5* TXB'-00U[M[<Z:O=%7NZ#OJ;D_1LK?6A;*F%E
%94K)X#

DYE)XI/Y1D/DAY6?KSW 6
M;#0#G .'K=S%-.Y15?B[BR WQ^VAXHK0RB4@W?.(Z1*_55=T3%(E$H#S5X




M86
W5\3-B)S7

M 5R./'JCV&-


]1EFK0A)4D4KCD@
ML!0&I'#G.
(:;W=W6UA9S?M/Z8:J:!3BDH4:E+
\ARSQ/#JEB?)$C&%KFRU





ME4

3&_GR\V19J1M$JPS


M Y8QX -\V:L/W=9




MTL.ED.VQ-2ZTETUB536W@GL8$@JE/HAVNU#=8GN289%@)ZP)S$N6\-W82S
I

M+A3]]2/!

JAU-;'PS6
DSRN3F D]!
M .

I%/=99F?
'-'U:;W 3?=?WS



)




4/7FKDZ(TC6:J6C.FB3BG\K



-
CUWS+DV
M!C
R



I0=

A+C

M=D+:_.[D7(C;&]LWK+0RXM95/'[
T;)2$U'-G1!3]M.2 F[._64'MN--Z:I
M:=.N+RFBNU2WWGP:6U.N, 8COF64\\A)
A.
'-[LZVU-5U+NW-C%;8*9?=H


M12
O%3D+

P!K.6Q
HIB9LZ(4H&IQ#Q%$UMZRT:O2HI:^G?176.N$V7D'E(D


M]H81QAC&X
\;A+^CW
];^-+;D&L.TA;99J^2O=U\W
\(HSMJW2.0$A3G*)E3



M9(2YH=B=ZDS




:DP=PQOR:) Q]PR%OK-56;9*)FBQ





MJD5 ;:M3E.GNR)D_$&0 




M-).8B6;@.)$8AT5N[NIK9IZIMNG&FZ:GJTL+4:Q*LLR I67BHH!F1SX1)CE/


M.


ME15)HWGTJ*%J$TE21
).(E
3










0<EY



@3GER'F


M!SB(B%.T:?/KV9
G6_YT?FJCRJ/]D?\ YK^

M+?-PUT;\*79V;=L/B)]1F8Y'^-/^W5O^8I?PQ84M
*6A:=.(C:EN!]V'8U
M^]KGMJ+_ 

T_
M2MM&0
IG#F(U:\9&NM3:%TA;ZO2]2NCJ7JC+WC9[14#
B?Y0&
NB(7W&\7=0
MZ3.BOGG(OE'J!P0F$VQS ( @K=LDJ3_P(:W;I]D]LF %M66DRG$3E/JG

M5=XNL=


M.XEX6Q
CS-H7^XAH(\0S&_&0D5F@
\!FW:3[D14 RCM$ZY3B/$U=574=CU/8

^ P\D4_1NHM+:A16#20;[MBJ4T^4RD:A)
M!7PXF7$Q$MAQMU%W[KNHDOMXSK8N(XIEN*C$;EC[MQ:AD%S-2*EF,3LG;-V
MM),1C$&[4!3,D #SGJ:NL\ZBN6B:+;_2=4VZJK7C9U!FG^Y
KQSI4
JLQ
MF4GI'1C&L6E+)N?6[J:V7HV[4=MI?UTE3B7Z8OEP*:_1K1^2  H'\H^2)1MO




R


MU

MB


-^


MB


M3A%=\2KE


D+\2N\KX^09XTL$@U@6ZD8




M-;NR)


M)( ?*1^]&F]M:Z+'J5]0U@[4(W=O[:VZ3#-!4Q4U7,8E:#QDJ\13,(&4;IN
MO )PX ;@/:&KKU6E3FS.E%H!*4O5Z21PN]@DGD2#+H



2E

MD
98\(\MRG&W=_-%4C:@JJ:^
6M 

MZRYMC;5XO]XV/FUK7%*1@3


-SWL8XWDX^QE&9@W&YJQQN


MU:FKJ5U#%2^_\2AM.4YP1+ KD9'E

U?-D
MUDRU*FJ1!8 




[?3G_PB&^=3P0'8'ND ! 1#%\B(@';

IJCVUU4MYD5='N==VJ


MV'&6U(Y/380*C=V@SF&Y?LZ23N--F5G)KE0 0!



\9HS!



-H@L?$+M6#I@)UPHD7RD^)@$O 0'5S6FE?MNNJ-.H)
MEQJZM%PJ

Y))'02B;QO%2Y3)V^

)5*9(1
XF4
MYD#A%YVK4ND:[5%=9K5W:[W3M@5&21*3







%:U.99-=$_F=_



MI&
7;M \RO:NROH6E3*;:B:@1(91)4SP&4@@]!$-/Z6*R;VQ]UDPU
5:
E]Z

8]3


MYLO4%7P73/I9;5)'_5N)$E$83)Z(^?&NY5UN

XVSG9



O1A\D16])\0##F?N80#_

M-6E)Y%293'E'






M
;2D2K R3UHDL
.@6-

M#
2E




M
'].
/54@\PZ!3%7 WF)FY1*&L[5&JZ2DM=%8-U+;@VFC;%(^P]\.\FG/\




M@A PQ5$8/5N.!L.XLY3$

41#]C3T.( (B''6T7A!IJEG5=:X^VXA

M.' ?2&NA&9+?85@H8'RB.5




M



;LP-M;OK#-Y/[HN/=5GS-

M04EOM%+;G9S*V5+5



9?:.5YD<$9N/=F6*9XPYQ@V<M6#)LZ






M?]96X7


M&%
9]$/7:I44$#&\9QH90U.%-792;GM(T]1Z:NEFHZZDMZE*:6ZI:5=J4T]D


M2V&Y]

QNL[8TL*K

?/K

I))()
]QW3KT6

M=S=:Y
GRTA'F0)#T19VWVC*30.G!I^A.9HON.D\
5F9AQ1JTX!7CJVB3
4T
MDR/DE%ZJG*8XB&)[B=BMHYTR+#YHMO(V3\$9IAH4UM$R7B2:;Q4K,VXAUD8

TMA*GJ4@*6!P2N<IA/$8\28X]O.Q

?$(O#$ %3E*


MD=D:V+HL
\4G.







M?#DW,Y,YS61U]!,9:U)I*W:HTM4Z4JD]Q1U%-W1[L]@4@$CC( #C*&1PO3
MGR);L3$04+O_ -WL9#0;!C%Q
8RGK/19Q\=&MTVK)DV3W? V;-D2ID+W%F
4
M4=
E*4H 1E4B24CF  ,HXX0\;-VX_/&![UP-=4W.
XB^K0):






'Y%89&LFY[7*P]Y
MI/$$_(D(-X$BBX26@YMN4I'1  IA @4'B.IM
ZOK]
4UPI6$)=H[G3AIUM7



M2?54#R5A.8ABKGIAA=4='V-E3=QNCRGAB
6;B&(KGNZ);0DNQ9*$49Q%Q3T5




7S$.XL62G9 PFDIJ-MV?CWZ%OR3]0YCJ&:B0H'$1*

8
K=@J%BYU5RT5=K
MA8%UYF^U3JSTY)P5E0HC(HCYR1ARX0XO;-M-QKM;@9Z.LE2XK@N6]9;[09!R




==N4


M6C?_ )4L%2W'
)92XOM)09S*1A

['@AM
MH'$ *:1V5@3G,CY8D!D89G-Q,CS#%0BI1D]BY&.=HD5:OH]\@=H[:.43&$
MBR#ELH8A@'M*8=8V#[S-0U4TQ**M@M*Q\U22.O'JZ(S34T2*JD=H:]*'J-
MY!0M1)/=J$@@?1$YQ%NGTKFMM-I.U


M'?Q
&]?LEI.-CEP.8H)E

%(Q(DG#IA_^#
&






I7O

M6D&]'L-):H$5'?+(XN*.$SRP'#R1

N=L#3G?TSCD.:2AU.5<QU<1$FX6WMFW$L[
M-DNI=;135#;K3K9DMT&84#

MHT)60E+ DV



J*SBIU3)!2H^4C&?./69\P58^X
MK%5VX@R+&F?VO=T6=DZ.AY97\8]3%-6-FX==0I@:2\0\3(N@I0:')00$HB T
M_2FI+QHK4%-J;3ZDIN-(Y-*58H4DF9QS&)PZX^O6NAK'K_3-1I2_H)I*IO%
M8XH4  .O 1P;:L$PFVG=AX0MN8EI^#L

3A6A95\DYDGDF=5Z5@BW


M-(0:0@TA&O\ *


MI+6)/
G#G&3L%XE  D4]RRA( DZ0 !P QX/G=]

M/T%123X5]ZUDJ-D?!.


@+:RA8T[-R*TI;!DH^*BKCCWC]ZH
M1*;46.FV:HF.(%*)A . .K5UYOMM==M&WW6^Y)=K7:%Y$!*IJ4I!0.LD

M'49GH

M3ZC8Z1 )@#M'49GH,I($R1*


M'2(*AI/J

@1.%J&
MH3ZC$9CI$()@#M'49GH

)I&
Q&/.7TZC

=(A!



=(@Y@#49GH

M+Z=


2]XWTB%YRCWZ
M3/08!Q!
@1. 3 ':.DST&)BI(Q)$)SE].F/08E[QOI$*!BCV#I

'
7TZFF.D1/(]$:XR
M@ODAM94ZMB1C9\CD$J/V;9WX]E&%IN'7M2'G!-.X9L[E$$M14$@HIF
*@






M^I]^ FS+\=LL_3;U=2&GVIGA4WF7T&?M8E-3OP3
4MDE])[\4(
]U/1I2Q-F

MN


M/N
_:Q!53ON3V:6R2^D]]6#[0=3_ +K$V8T^&]\L_D]I\/M3]YO'N
_:Q#XC


MQ6^GW6R^\[]6




MI._5C+W]U/?P%V9_CIEK\GM2]QM5]YO'N
_:QY_$[\?=K)[SWU83W_U/ZA2Q


M$WQ6^GW6R^\[]6#W]U/N-;#V8?!2]\M?/^Q_3N-J?O-X]QG[6'Q6^GW6R^\[
M]6#W]U/N%+#V8_#6]\M?-^Q_3N-J?O-Y]QG[6'Q6^GW6R^\[]6%]_=3W\!-F

M3]YO'N



M4+$V9?CMEG[_ -G=0^'VJG_M-XE]!G[6/+XC?B?^S63WGOJP@7!U/Z\;#V8T



_:P34[[#C2V3W



M_P!3_NL39C\M[9:$/FMVNH=QM5]YO'N


MY/:=QM5]YO'N
_:QY_$[\?=;)[SWU83W_P!3T?VB;
OEO;+/T6]73X?:KE4W





M39A\E[Y;_)[3N-J?O-X]QG[6'Q.^GW6R^\[]6


_:Q$5&


?@_



M&A BN4))6#:R$&C'+RA&_
*)5C$3





*Z]L8\NQ_UD?_V0$!
end
















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    

    

    

    

 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Celsius Holdings&amp;#8221;) was incorporated under the laws&#13;of the State of Nevada on April 26
 2005. On January 24
 2007
 the Company entered into a merger agreement and plan of reorganization&#13;with Elite FX
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 Elite FX
 Inc. was merged into the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;subsidiary
 Celsius
 Inc. and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company on January 26
 2007. In addition
 on March 28
 2007&#13;the Company established Celsius Netshipments

 the Company is engaged in the development
 marketing



 liabilities
 revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial&#13;statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts
&#13;reserves for inventory obsolescence
 the useful lives and values of property
 fixtures and equipment
 valuation of stock based&#13;compensation

 separate segment data has not been presented
&#13;as they meet the criteria for aggregation as permitted by ASC Topic 280
 Segment Reporting
 (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting&#13;Standards (SFAS) No. 131

&#13;the Company has determined that it operates in a single operating segment. For the years ended December 31

 which potentially subjects the&#13;Company to a concentration of business risk. If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to&#13;the Company

&#13;balances in the Company&amp;#8217;s cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31
 2016

 2016 and 2015

 2016 and 2015

 2016 and December 31
 2015

 historical trends
 and other information. Delinquent&#13;accounts are written-off when it is determined that the amounts are uncollectible. At December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
&#13;there was an allowance for doubtful accounts of $72
300 and $3
500

 the Company recorded a reserve&#13;of $201
000 and $329
000

 &amp;#8220;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&amp;#8221; the Company reviews&#13;the carrying value of intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in&#13;circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured&#13;by comparison of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If&#13;such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount&#13;of the property
 if any

 the products are delivered
 sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Any discounts
&#13;slotting fees

 local sampling events
 sponsorships
&#13;endorsements
 and digital advertising. The Company incurred advertising expense of approximately $4.3 million and $3.2 million
&#13;during year ending December 31
 2016 and 2015

 raw material usage and test productions of beverages. The Company incurred expenses of $90
000&#13;and $71
000 during year ending December 31
 2016 and 2015

 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
&#13;accrued expenses



 2016 and December 31

 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income&#13;Taxes
&amp;#8221; which requires
 among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset&#13;and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences&#13;of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided&#13;to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will&#13;not be realized. The Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions.&#13;&lt;/i&gt;When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing&#13;authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that&#13;would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the&#13;financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not&#13;that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes


&lt;/i&gt; which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether&#13;a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a&#13;tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.&#13;For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit

 exercise of stock options and warrants (calculated using the reverse treasury stock&#13;method). As of December 31
 2016
 there were options outstanding to purchase 5.6 million shares
 which exercise price averaged&#13;$1.04
 Series C Preferred Stock warrants outstanding to convert to 4.6 million common shares at $0.52 price per share and Series&#13;D Preferred Stock warrants outstanding to convert to 4.7 million common shares at $0.86 price per share. There were no other dilutive&#13;common shares equivalents
 including convertible notes and warrants

 2006
 the Company has fully adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 718 &amp;#8220;Compensation&#13;&amp;#8212; Stock Compensation&amp;#8221; and related interpretations. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at&#13;the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods&#13;of the grants. On April 30
 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. This plan is intended to provide incentives&#13;which will attract and retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors&#13;providing consulting or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock&#13;or to receive monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of&#13;options and shares for up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares included&#13;under the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1

 2016 and 2015 was $1
984
000 and $1
161
000


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&amp;#8221; which supersedes previous&#13;revenue recognition guidance. ASU No. 2014-09 requires that a company recognize revenue at an amount that reflects the consideration&#13;to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer. In applying the new&#13;guidance
 a company will (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract;&#13;(iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the contract&amp;#8217;s performance obligations; and&#13;(v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. ASU No. 2014-09 was to be effective for reporting&#13;periods beginning after December 15
 2016. However
 on July 9
 2015
 the FASB voted to approve a one-year deferral of the effective&#13;date. This new guidance is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2018 and can be adopted using either a full retrospective&#13;or modified approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU No. 2014-09 on its financial position

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the &amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;)&#13;No. 2015-16
 &lt;i&gt;Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2015-16&amp;#8221;). ASU 2015-16 simplifies&#13;the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination by requiring the acquirer to (i)&#13;recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which&#13;the adjustment amount is determined
 (ii) record
 in the same period
 the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation
 amortization
&#13;or other income effects
 if any
 as a result of the change to the provisional amounts
 calculated as if the accounting had been&#13;completed at the acquisition date
 and (iii) present separately or disclose the portion of the amount recorded in current-period&#13;earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts&#13;had been recognized as of the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 beginning&#13;after December 15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2015-16 on January&#13;1

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with&#13;Line-of-Credit Arrangements (Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting)&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASU&#13;2015-15&amp;#8221;). ASU 2015-15 allows debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit agreements to be presented in the balance sheet&#13;as an asset. ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 beginning after December&#13;15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company plans to early adopt ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 as of December 31


 2016
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $53
354
000 which includes a net loss available to common stockholders&#13;of $3
434
000 for year ended December 31
 2016. While these factors alone may raise doubt as to the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to&#13;continue as a going concern
 the Company&amp;#8217;s sale of an aggregate of $15 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate&#13;of 4
833
329 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to 13 accredited investors&#13;between December 30
 2016 and March 14




142

309






211

322










951 and $33
043 during year ended December 31
 2016 and 2015





207



754

805














 the Company entered a convertible note payable with a related party
 a majority shareholder which carries interest&#13;at six percent per annum. The outstanding balance is convertible into the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of&#13;$0.30 per share. The Company is obligated to file a registration statement upon written notice from the creditor and such registration&#13;statement must be effective within 180 days of the date of notice. If after the 180 days the Company has not complied with the&#13;agreement it shall pay $65
000 per month in penalty

 at which time the principal amount is due. In April 2015
 the note holder converted the outstanding&#13;portion of $1
500
000
 into shares of common stock in accordance with the conversion terms of the agreement. The creditor also&#13;terminated all registration rights and waived any penalties that might have been incurred in connection therewith. The outstanding&#13;balance on the loan as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015 was $0 and $0


 2013
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &amp;#8220;2013 Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with CDS&#13;Ventures of South Florida
 LLC (&amp;#8220;CDS&amp;#8221;) and CD Financial
 LLC (&amp;#8220;CD&amp;#8221;). CDS and CD are limited liability&#13;companies which are affiliates of Carl DeSantis
 the Company&amp;#8217;s principal shareholder. The Company issued 2
200 shares of&#13;its Series C Preferred Stock (the &amp;#8220;Preferred C Shares&amp;#8221;) in exchange for the conversion of a $550
000 short term loan&#13;from CDS and the conversion of $1
650
000 in indebtedness under the Company&amp;#8217;s line of credit with CD (the &amp;#8220;CD Line&#13;of Credit&amp;#8221;). The Preferred C Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder thereof at a conversion&#13;price of $0.52 per share at any time until December 31
 2018
 at which time they will automatically convert into shares of our&#13;common stock determined by dividing the liquidation preference of $1
000 per Preferred C Share by the conversion price then in&#13;effect. The conversion price is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits and similar events. The Preferred&#13;C Shares accrue cumulative annual dividends at the rate of 6% per annum
 payable by the issuance of additional Preferred C Shares.&#13;The holder of Preferred C Shares votes on an &amp;#8220;as converted&amp;#8221; basis
 together with holders of common stock as a single&#13;class on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote
 except as required by law. In April 2015
 the Company issued 180 Preferred&#13;C Shares valued at $180
000 in settlement of $180
000 in accrued preferred C dividends. As of December 31
 2016
 $303
000 of dividends&#13;has been accrued. The Preferred C Shares mature on December 31

 2015
 the Company entered into an amendment to its existing Loan and Security Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Amendment&amp;#8221;)&#13;with CD an affiliate of CDS Ventures and Mr. DeSantis. Pursuant to the Amendment
 the outstanding principal amount of the CD Line&#13;of Credit was reduced by $4.0 million
 which amount was converted into 4
000 shares of a newly-designated Series D Preferred Stock&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Preferred D Shares&amp;#8221;). This related party was given a conversion price of $0.86 per common share
 whereas other&#13;investors purchased common shares at $0.89 in the private placement
 as discussed in note 12. The difference of $0.03 per share
&#13;which resulted in $139
535
 was recorded as a dividend in accordance with ASC 470-20-35
 subsequent measurement for debt with&#13;conversion and other options. The Preferred D Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder thereof&#13;at a conversion price of $0.86 per share until the earlier of the January 2
 2020 due date of our line of credit with CD Financial&#13;or such earlier date as the line of credit is satisfied (the &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;Mandatory Redemption Date&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221;). The conversion price&#13;is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits and similar events. The Preferred D Shares accrue cumulative&#13;annual cash dividends at the rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly in cash and have a liquidation preference of $1
000 per share.&#13;On the Mandatory Redemption Date
 the Preferred D Shares automatically convert into shares of our common stock in a number determined&#13;by dividing the $1
000 per Preferred D Share liquidation preference plus any accrued but unpaid dividends
 by the conversion price&#13;then in effect. The Preferred D Shares may also be redeemed by us at any time on or after December 31
 2016
 at a redemption price&#13;equal to 104% of the liquidation preference. The holder of the Preferred D Shares votes on an &amp;#8220;as converted&amp;#8221; basis
&#13;together with holders of common stock as a single class on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote
 except as required&#13;by law. &amp;#160;As of December 31
 2016
 $51


 the lease expires on October 2020 with monthly rent of $8

 the Company entered into a strategic marketing and advisory services agreement with All Def Digital. Tim Leissner
&#13;a director and shareholder of the Company is also a director and shareholder in All Def Digital. As of December 31
 2016
 the&#13;Company has paid All Def Digital $152
438 and $237
959 for services rendered pursuant to the Advisory Services Agreement during&#13;the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015

 9
 10


 2016 and 2015



 2016 and 2015

248

029

248

029

219
000 during 2016 and decreased by $276
000 during 2015. Total net operating&#13;loss carry forwards at December 31
 2016 were approximately $41.6 million. The losses
 if unused


 2007. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and&#13;retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting&#13;or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock or to receive monetary&#13;payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. While the plan terminates 10 years after the adoption date
&#13;issued options have their own schedule of termination. During 2013 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total&#13;available shares in the plan from 2.5 million to 3.5 million shares of common stock. During May 2014
 the majority of the shareholders&#13;approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from 3.5 million to 4.25 million shares of common stock
 during February&#13;2015
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from 4.25 million to 4.6 million&#13;shares of common stock and during April 2015
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares&#13;in the plan from 4.6 million to 5.1 million shares of common stock. Until 2017
 options to acquire shares of common stock may&#13;be granted at no less than fair market value on the date of grant. Upon exercise

 2015. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract&#13;and retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting&#13;or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock or to receive monetary&#13;payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and shares for&#13;up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares included under the plan
&#13;with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1

 the Company has issued options to purchase approximately 5.6 million shares at an average price of $1.04 with&#13;a fair value of $7.3 million. For the year 2016 and 2015
 the Company issued options to purchase 1.3 million and 1.3 million shares.&#13;For the year ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recognized an expense of $1
019
000 and $1
271
000
 respectively
 of&#13;non-cash compensation expense (included in General and Administrative expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations)&#13;determined by application of a Black Scholes option pricing model with the following inputs: exercise price
 dividend yields
&#13;risk-free interest rate
 and expected annual volatility. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company had approximately $1
945
000 of&#13;unrecognized pre-tax non-cash compensation expense
 which the Company expects to recognize
 based on a weighted-average period&#13;of 0.5 years. The Company used straight-line amortization of compensation expense over the two to three year requisite service&#13;or vesting period of the grant. There are options to purchase approximately 4.45 million shares that have vested
 of which 307
000&#13;shares were exercised as of December 31


























 separate segment data has not been presented
&#13;as they meet the criteria for aggregation as permitted by ASC Topic 280
 Segment Reporting
 (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting&#13;Standards (SFAS) No. 131

&#13;the Company has determined that it operates in a single operating segment. For the years ended December 31


 which potentially subjects the&#13;Company to a concentration of business risk. If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to&#13;the Company

&#13;balances in the Company&amp;#8217;s cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31
 2016

 2016 and 2015

 2016 and 2015


 2016 and December 31
 2015


 historical trends
 and other information. Delinquent&#13;accounts are written-off when it is determined that the amounts are uncollectible. At December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
&#13;there was an allowance for doubtful accounts of $72
300 and $3
500


 the Company recorded a reserve&#13;of $201
000 and $329
000

    

 &amp;#8220;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&amp;#8221; the Company reviews&#13;the carrying value of intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in&#13;circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured&#13;by comparison of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If&#13;such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount&#13;of the property
 if any


 the products are delivered
 sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Any discounts
&#13;slotting fees

    

 local sampling events
 sponsorships
&#13;endorsements
 and digital advertising. The Company incurred advertising expense of approximately $4.3 million and $3.2 million
&#13;during year ending December 31
 2016 and 2015


 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
&#13;accrued expenses




 2016 and December 31


 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income&#13;Taxes
&amp;#8221; which requires
 among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset&#13;and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences&#13;of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided&#13;to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will&#13;not be realized. The Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions.&#13;&lt;/i&gt;When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing&#13;authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that&#13;would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the&#13;financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not&#13;that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes


&lt;/i&gt; which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether&#13;a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a&#13;tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.&#13;For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit


 exercise of stock options and warrants (calculated using the reverse treasury stock&#13;method). As of December 31
 2016
 there were options outstanding to purchase 5.6 million shares
 which exercise price averaged&#13;$1.04
 Series C Preferred Stock warrants outstanding to convert to 4.6 million common shares at $0.52 price per share and Series&#13;D Preferred Stock warrants outstanding to convert to 4.7 million common shares at $0.86 price per share. There were no other dilutive&#13;common shares equivalents
 including convertible notes and warrants


 2006
 the Company has fully adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 718 &amp;#8220;Compensation&#13;&amp;#8212; Stock Compensation&amp;#8221; and related interpretations. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at&#13;the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods&#13;of the grants. On April 30
 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. This plan is intended to provide incentives&#13;which will attract and retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors&#13;providing consulting or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock&#13;or to receive monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of&#13;options and shares for up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares included&#13;under the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1


 2016 and 2015 was $1
984
000 and $1
161
000



 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &amp;#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&amp;#8221; which supersedes previous&#13;revenue recognition guidance. ASU No. 2014-09 requires that a company recognize revenue at an amount that reflects the consideration&#13;to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer. In applying the new&#13;guidance
 a company will (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract;&#13;(iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the contract&amp;#8217;s performance obligations; and&#13;(v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. ASU No. 2014-09 was to be effective for reporting&#13;periods beginning after December 15
 2016. However
 on July 9
 2015
 the FASB voted to approve a one-year deferral of the effective&#13;date. This new guidance is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2018 and can be adopted using either a full retrospective&#13;or modified approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU No. 2014-09 on its financial position

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the &amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;)&#13;No. 2015-16
 &lt;i&gt;Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2015-16&amp;#8221;). ASU 2015-16 simplifies&#13;the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination by requiring the acquirer to (i)&#13;recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which&#13;the adjustment amount is determined
 (ii) record
 in the same period
 the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation
 amortization
&#13;or other income effects
 if any
 as a result of the change to the provisional amounts
 calculated as if the accounting had been&#13;completed at the acquisition date
 and (iii) present separately or disclose the portion of the amount recorded in current-period&#13;earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts&#13;had been recognized as of the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 beginning&#13;after December 15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2015-16 on January&#13;1

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with&#13;Line-of-Credit Arrangements (Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting)&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#8220;ASU&#13;2015-15&amp;#8221;). ASU 2015-15 allows debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit agreements to be presented in the balance sheet&#13;as an asset. ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 beginning after December&#13;15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company plans to early adopt ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 as of December 31



 2016
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $53
354
000 which includes a net loss available to common stockholders&#13;of $3
434
000 for year ended December 31
 2016. While these factors alone may raise doubt as to the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to&#13;continue as a going concern
 the Company&amp;#8217;s sale of an aggregate of $15 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate&#13;of 4
833
329 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to 13 accredited investors&#13;between December 30
 2016 and March 14


 2016 and 2015

 2016 and 2015




142

309






211

322














207



754

805


















 2016 and 2015

248

029

248

029




































    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 liabilities
 revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial&#13;statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts
&#13;reserves for inventory obsolescence
 the useful lives and values of property
 fixtures and equipment
 valuation of stock based&#13;compensation


 raw material usage and test productions of beverages. The Company incurred expenses of $90
000&#13;and $71
000 during year ending December 31
 2016 and 2015


 2017
 we were served with a summons and complaint with respect to a breach of contract action filed in Superior Court&#13;of the State of California
 Los Angeles County
 by Statewide Beverage Company
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;Statewide&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221;)
 a former&#13;distributor of the Company&amp;#8217;s products
 whose distribution agreement
 the Company had terminated effective November 2016&#13;for &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;cause&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221; (non-payment of invoices within the applicable grace period provided in the distribution agreement).&#13;The complaint alleges that the distribution agreement was terminated without &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;cause&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221; and seeks unspecified&#13;damages consisting of termination payments and fees which would be due upon a termination without &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;cause&lt;/b&gt;
&amp;#8221;&#13;but not on a termination for &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;cause&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221; as well as certain invasion fees allegedly due under the terms of the&#13;distribution agreement. The Company believes that it validly terminated the agreement for &amp;#8220;&lt;b&gt;cause&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#8221; and will&#13;vigorously defend against the action. The Company accrued $85
000 in expense as of December 31

 from time to time


809&#13;per month and the lease terminates in October 2020. Future annual minimum payments required under operating lease obligations&#13;at December 31








 the Company issued a total 250
000 &amp;#8220;restricted&amp;#8221; shares of its common stock as compensation pursuant to&#13;celebrity endorsement agreements at a fair value of $560
000

 the Company issued 5
000
000 unregistered common shares upon conversion of $1
500
000 of convertible notes

 the Company issued a total of 12
921
348 shares of common stock at $0.89 per share for gross proceeds of $11.5 million&#13;(see note 10). Expenses incurred of $111
841 were charged to additional paid in capital and the Company received net proceeds&#13;of $11
388

 the Company issued a total of 1
333

 2016
 the Company issued an aggregate of 36
071 shares of its common stock pursuant to the&#13;exercise of stock options granted under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. The Company recorded $5
326 for options&#13;exercised
 of which $5
300 was for options that were exercised for cash




 the Company entered a line of&#13;    credit note payable with a related party which carries interest of five percent per annum. The Company can borrow up to $9
500
000.&#13;    The Company has pledged all its assets as security for the line of credit. The note matures in January 2020
 at which time&#13;    the principal amount is due. During April 2015
 the Company issued $4
000
000 of convertible series D preferred series in&#13;    exchange for cancellation of $4
000
000 of this line
 reducing the amount to $4
500

500

500




 the Company entered a line of&#13;    credit note payable with a related party which carries interest of five percent per annum. The Company can borrow up to $9
500
000.&#13;    The Company has pledged all its assets as security for the line of credit. The note matures in January 2020
 at which time&#13;    the principal amount is due. During April 2015
 the Company issued $4
000
000 of convertible series D preferred series in&#13;    exchange for cancellation of $4
000
000 of this line
 reducing the amount to $4
500

500

500


000 and $666
000
 at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively
 and consist&#13;mainly of prepaid consulting agreement with D3M Licensing Group
 advertising
 prepaid insurance
 prepaid slotting fees


 2017 and March 14
 2017
 the Company raised an aggregate of $11.0 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate&#13;of 3
666
662 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to accredited investors
&#13;including certain affiliates of the Company
 as more fully described in the Company&amp;#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed&#13;with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14

 2017 and February 14
 2017
 the Company issued an aggregate of 238
795 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise&#13;of stock options granted under the Company&amp;#8217;s 2006 Stock Incentive plan. The Company recorded $25
000 for options exercised
&#13;of which $25
000 was for options that were exercised for cash

 2017
 the Company issued 47

 2017
 the Company incorporated two wholly owned subsidiaries in Hong Kong

 2017
 Gerry David
 Celsius&amp;#8217; President and Chief Executive Officer retired from such positions with the Company.&#13;Pending our board of directors identifying and retaining a new President and Chief Executive Officer
 John Fieldly
 the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;Chief Financial Officer will serve in such additional capacities on an interim basis. Mr. David will continue to serve as a consultant&#13;to the Company through December 31







      



















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      






      



 LLC &amp; CD Financial







      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.001 par value; 2
500
000 shares authorized
 6
380 and 6
380 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015




 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized
 39
999
784 and 38
380
380 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015



      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      




      


      


      


      

      





      











 plant and equipment



      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      

      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      

      


      






      


      


      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      



 Options



      


      

      


      

      


      



 Options
 Outstanding



      


      


      


      

      


      



 Options



      


      


      


      

      


      



 Options



      

      


      



 Options



      


      


      



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans




 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      




      

      


 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues



 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      



 stock (unit) options
 or other equity instruments


      

      

      

      

      

      


 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      







      

      

      

      





 Plant





      

      














 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant






 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate









 Options
 Outstanding



 Options



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Grants in Period



 Options
 Exercisable


      

      

      

      

      


 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options





      



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Mar. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2016













 Inc.




































  2016



































































953
850



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



905
241























































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











747
138


128
320



Accounts receivable
 net

787
732


127
060



Inventories
 net

211
370


322
904





349


267





683
589


244
551



Property and equipment
 net

533


319





717
122


265
870












754
207


805
931





666


847





612


057





322
485


021
835












500
000


500
000





822
485


521
835










Preferred Stock
 $0.001 par value; 2
500
000 shares authorized
 6
380 and 6
380 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively






Common stock
 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized
 39
999
784 and 38
380
380 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively

000


380





208
963


626
212





354
332)


920
563)





894
637


744
035





717
122


265
870




































Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Cash includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the customer may deposit additional funds at any time and effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents
 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid Investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Short-term investments
 exclusive of cash equivalents
 generally consist of marketable securities intended to be sold within one year (or the normal operating cycle if longer) and may include trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 or held-to-maturity securities (if maturing within one year)
 as applicable.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




















































































The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Preferred stock
 authorized

500
000


500
000



Preferred stock
 issued

380


380



Preferred stock
 outstanding

380


380



Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Common stock
 authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 issued

999
784


380
380



Common stock
 outstanding

999
784


380
380

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











760
987


217
944





031
153


177
986





729
834


039
958





675
763


701
845





899
031


165
573





574
794


867
418





844
960)


827
460)












750)


344)





095







655)


344)





067
615)


149
804)







535)





154)


958)





433
769)


570
297)





568
088


175
826



Loss per share
 basic and diluted (in dollars per share)

































































































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)




















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.






















































































Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balances at beginning at Dec. 31
 2014



459


165
955


350
266)


163
850)



Balances at beginning (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2014

200


459
032




























999
996




000
000





000

















000




000




















000


495
000




500
000







000
000













921


375
238




388
159







921
348















270
488




270
488









535


535)













958)


958)











149
804)


149
804)



Balances at ending at Dec. 31
 2015



380


626
212


920
563)


744
035



Balances at ending (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2015

380


380
380


























334


998
666




000
000







333
333















750




000







000















290




326







071






000)









019
045




019
045











154)


154)











067
615)


067
615)



Balances at ending at Dec. 31
 2016



000


208
963


354
332)


894
637



Balances at ending (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2016

380


999
784




































































































This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.




























Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



















































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.



















































































































Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.



















































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











067
615)


149
804)












951


043





095)







579
045


270
488










Accounts receivable
 net

673)


131





534


969)





082)


942)





697)


168
400





335)


958)





555


544)





363
412)


155)












830)


412)





760







070)


412)










Borrowing under revolving note payable
 related-party



000



Repayment on short term notes payable
 related-party



200
000)





000
000


388
084





300









269)





005
300


544
815





618
818


779
248





128
320


072





747
138


128
320












750


808





223























269







000
000







500
000







000























































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock options. This item inherently excludes any excess tax benefit
 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.

























































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]







    
    



Business

 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221; or &#8220;Celsius Holdings&#8221;) was incorporated under the laws
of the State of Nevada on April 26
 2005. On January 24
 2007
 the Company entered into a merger agreement and plan of reorganization
with Elite FX
 Inc.
 a Florida corporation. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 Elite FX
 Inc. was merged into the Company&#8217;s
subsidiary
 Celsius
 Inc. and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company on January 26
 2007. In addition
 on March 28
 2007
the Company established Celsius Netshipments
 Inc. a Florida corporation as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

Since
2007
 the Company is engaged in the development
 marketing
 sale and distribution of &#8220;functional&#8221; calorie-burning
fitness beverages under the Celsius&#174; brand name.







The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
BASIS OF PRESENTATION
    AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (&#8220;US GAAP&#8221;).

Consolidation
Policy
 Inc. and its subsidiaries.
All material inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Significant
Estimates
accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts
reserves for inventory obsolescence
 the useful lives and values of property
 fixtures and equipment
 valuation of stock based
compensation
 and deferred tax asset valuation allowance.

Segment
Reporting 
 separate segment data has not been presented
as they meet the criteria for aggregation as permitted by ASC Topic 280
 Segment Reporting
 (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 131
 

Our
chief operating decision-maker is considered to be our Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The CEO reviews financial information presented
on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing financial performance. The financial information
reviewed by the CEO is identical to the information presented in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Therefore
the Company has determined that it operates in a single operating segment. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 all
material assets and revenues of the Company were in the United States except as disclosed in Note 2.

Concentrations
of Risk

The
Company uses single supplier relationships for its raw materials purchases and filling capacity
 which potentially subjects the
Company to a concentration of business risk. If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to
the Company
 operations could be adversely affected.

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
and accounts receivable. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality financial institutions. At times
balances in the Company&#8217;s cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31
 2016
the Company had approximately $11.5 million in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit.



At
December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of revenue with its customers:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All
    other
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


At
December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its
customers:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All
    other
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


*Revenues
and receivables from customer A are derived from a distributor located in Sweden. Revenues from all other customers were mainly
derived from the United States. 

Cash
Equivalents
to be cash equivalents. At December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 the Company did not have any investments with maturities of
three months or less.

Accounts
Receivable
accounts based upon factors pertaining to the credit risk of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. Delinquent
accounts are written-off when it is determined that the amounts are uncollectible. At December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
there was an allowance for doubtful accounts of $72
300 and $3
500
 respectively.

Inventories

the FIFO method. Inventories consist of raw materials and finished products. The Company reserves against inventory during the
period in which such materials and products are no longer usable or marketable. In 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded a reserve
of $201
000 and $329
000
 respectively. The changes in reserve are included in cost of revenue. Free Samples are recorded as cost
of sales.

Property
and Equipment
of property and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset generally ranging
from three to seven years.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets
 &#8220;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&#8221; the Company reviews
the carrying value of intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured
by comparison of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If
such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount
of the property
 if any
 exceeds its fair value.

Revenue
Recognition
exists
 the products are delivered
 sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Any discounts
slotting fees
 sales incentives or similar arrangements with the customer are estimated at time of sale and deducted from revenue.

Deferred
Revenue 
production runs. Such amounts are initially recorded as deferred revenue. The Company recognizes such revenue as it is earned
in accordance with revenue recognition policies.

Advertising
Costs
 local sampling events
 sponsorships
endorsements
 and digital advertising. The Company incurred advertising expense of approximately $4.3 million and $3.2 million
during year ending December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

Research
and Development
consist primarily of consulting fees
 raw material usage and test productions of beverages. The Company incurred expenses of $90
000
and $71
000 during year ending December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
accrued expenses
 and notes payable approximates fair value due to their relative short-term maturity and market interest rates.

Fair
Value Measurements
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally
 ASC 820 requires the use
of valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are
prioritized below:



Level
    1:
Observable inputs
    such as quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

    
    

    
Observable market-based
    inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.

    
    

    
Unobservable inputs
    for which there is little or no market data
 which require the use of the reporting entity&#8217;s own assumptions.


The
Company did not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015.

Income
Taxes &#8212; 
 &#8220;Accounting for Income
Taxes
&#8221; which requires
 among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset
and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided
to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will
not be realized. The Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to


 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing
authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that
would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the
financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not
that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any.

Income
Taxes (continued) &#8212;
more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely
of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions
taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the
accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon
examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company
has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.

The


a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a
tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.
For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position
is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations
remains open.

The
Company&#8217;s tax returns for tax years in 2013 through 2016 remain subject to potential examination by the taxing authorities.

Earnings
per Share 
number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number
of common and dilutive common share equivalents outstanding during the period. Dilutive common share equivalents consist of shares
issuable upon conversion of convertible debt
 exercise of stock options and warrants (calculated using the reverse treasury stock
method). As of December 31
 2016
 there were options outstanding to purchase 5.6 million shares
 which exercise price averaged
$1.04
 Series C Preferred Stock warrants outstanding to convert to 4.6 million common shares at $0.52 price per share and Series
D Preferred Stock warrants outstanding to convert to 4.7 million common shares at $0.86 price per share. There were no other dilutive
common shares equivalents
 including convertible notes and warrants
 as no common share equivalents had an exercise price below
the ending closing price of the year. The effects of dilutive instruments have not been presented as the effects would be anti-dilutive.

Share-Based
Payments 
 2006
 the Company has fully adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 718 &#8220;Compensation
&#8212; Stock Compensation&#8221; and related interpretations. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at
the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods
of the grants. On April 30
 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. This plan is intended to provide incentives
which will attract and retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors
providing consulting or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock
or to receive monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of
options and shares for up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares included
under the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1
 2016.

Shipping
and Handling Costs 
Freight expense on goods shipped for year ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 was $1
984
000 and $1
161
000
 respectively.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

The
Company adopts all applicable
 new accounting pronouncements as of the specified effective dates.

In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&#8221; which supersedes previous
revenue recognition guidance. ASU No. 2014-09 requires that a company recognize revenue at an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer. In applying the new
guidance
 a company will (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract;
(iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the contract&#8217;s performance obligations; and
(v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. ASU No. 2014-09 was to be effective for reporting
periods beginning after December 15
 2016. However
 on July 9
 2015
 the FASB voted to approve a one-year deferral of the effective
date. This new guidance is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2018 and can be adopted using either a full retrospective
or modified approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU No. 2014-09 on its financial position
 results of
operations and liquidity.

In
September 2015
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the &#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;)
No. 2015-16
 (&#8220;ASU 2015-16&#8221;). ASU 2015-16 simplifies
the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination by requiring the acquirer to (i)
recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which
the adjustment amount is determined
 (ii) record
 in the same period
 the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation
 amortization
or other income effects
 if any
 as a result of the change to the provisional amounts
 calculated as if the accounting had been
completed at the acquisition date
 and (iii) present separately or disclose the portion of the amount recorded in current-period
earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts
had been recognized as of the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 beginning
after December 15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2015-16 on January
1
 2017 to its consolidated financial position or results of operations.

In
April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03
 (&#8220;ASU 2015-03&#8221;).
ASU 2015-03 simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs and requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt
liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability (consistent
with debt discounts). &#160;

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements (continued)

In
August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15

Line-of-Credit Arrangements (Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting)
2015-15&#8221;). ASU 2015-15 allows debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit agreements to be presented in the balance sheet
as an asset. ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 beginning after December
15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company plans to early adopt ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 as of December 31
 2016; the
adoption is not expected to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results of operations.

All
new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations
cash flows or financial position.

Liquidity

December 31
 2016
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $53
354
000 which includes a net loss available to common stockholders
of $3
434
000 for year ended December 31
 2016. While these factors alone may raise doubt as to the Company&#8217;s ability to
continue as a going concern
 the Company&#8217;s sale of an aggregate of $15 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate
of 4
833
329 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to 13 accredited investors
between December 30
 2016 and March 14
 2017 is deemed sufficient to alleviate substantial doubt regarding the Company&#8217;s
ability to continue as a going concern.



































The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    


Inventories
consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Finished
    goods
    
    
2
142
032
    
    
    
2
309
288
    

    
    
    
270
143
    
    
    
342
691
    

Less:
    Inventory Reserve
    
    
(200
805
    
    
    
(329
075
    

Inventories
    net
    
    
2
211
370
    
    
    
2
322
904
    




































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Prepaid Expense and Other Assets
 Current [Abstract]







    
    


Prepaid
expenses and other current assets total $937
000 and $666
000
 at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 respectively
 and consist
mainly of prepaid consulting agreement with D3M Licensing Group
 advertising
 prepaid insurance
 prepaid slotting fees
 and deposits
on purchases.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]







    
    


Property
and equipment consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Furniture
    and equipment
    
    
291
626
    
    
    
264
495
    

Less:
    accumulated depreciation
    
    
(258
093
    
    
    
(243
176
    

    
    
    
33
533
    
    
    
21
319
    


Depreciation
expense amounted to $16
951 and $33
043 during year ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    


Accounts
payable and accrued expenses consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accounts
    payable
    
    
858
131
    
    
    
1
207
353
    

Accrued
    expenses
    
    
896
076
    
    
    
598
578
    

    
    
    
1
754
207
    
    
    
1
805
931
    









 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Deferred Revenue and Credits
 Current [Abstract]







    
    


Deferred
revenue and other current liabilities consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Customer
    deposits
    
    
201
652
    
    
    
13
063
    

State
    bottle bill liability
    
    
12
960
    
    
    
11
994
    

    
    
    
214
612
    
    
    
25
057
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    


Line
of credit note payable - related party consists of the following as of:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

In July 2010
 the Company entered a line of
    credit note payable with a related party which carries interest of five percent per annum. The Company can borrow up to $9
500
000.
    The Company has pledged all its assets as security for the line of credit. The note matures in January 2020
 at which time
    the principal amount is due. During April 2015
 the Company issued $4
000
000 of convertible series D preferred series in
    exchange for cancellation of $4
000
000 of this line
 reducing the amount to $4
500
000.
    
    
    
    
    
    

Long-term
    portion
    
    
4
500
000
    
    
    
4
500
000
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    




    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible
    note payable
 related party
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


In
September 2009
 the Company entered a convertible note payable with a related party
 a majority shareholder which carries interest
at six percent per annum. The outstanding balance is convertible into the Company&#8217;s common stock at a conversion price of
$0.30 per share. The Company is obligated to file a registration statement upon written notice from the creditor and such registration
statement must be effective within 180 days of the date of notice. If after the 180 days the Company has not complied with the
agreement it shall pay $65
000 per month in penalty
 until the registration statement is effective.

The
note matures in December 2016
 at which time the principal amount is due. In April 2015
 the note holder converted the outstanding
portion of $1
500
000
 into shares of common stock in accordance with the conversion terms of the agreement. The creditor also
terminated all registration rights and waived any penalties that might have been incurred in connection therewith. The outstanding
balance on the loan as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015 was $0 and $0
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    


On
August 26
 2013
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &#8220;2013 Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with CDS
Ventures of South Florida
 LLC (&#8220;CDS&#8221;) and CD Financial
 LLC (&#8220;CD&#8221;). CDS and CD are limited liability
companies which are affiliates of Carl DeSantis
 the Company&#8217;s principal shareholder. The Company issued 2
200 shares of
its Series C Preferred Stock (the &#8220;Preferred C Shares&#8221;) in exchange for the conversion of a $550
000 short term loan
from CDS and the conversion of $1
650
000 in indebtedness under the Company&#8217;s line of credit with CD (the &#8220;CD Line
of Credit&#8221;). The Preferred C Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder thereof at a conversion
price of $0.52 per share at any time until December 31
 2018
 at which time they will automatically convert into shares of our
common stock determined by dividing the liquidation preference of $1
000 per Preferred C Share by the conversion price then in
effect. The conversion price is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits and similar events. The Preferred
C Shares accrue cumulative annual dividends at the rate of 6% per annum
 payable by the issuance of additional Preferred C Shares.
The holder of Preferred C Shares votes on an &#8220;as converted&#8221; basis
 together with holders of common stock as a single
class on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote
 except as required by law. In April 2015
 the Company issued 180 Preferred
C Shares valued at $180
000 in settlement of $180
000 in accrued preferred C dividends. As of December 31
 2016
 $303
000 of dividends
has been accrued. The Preferred C Shares mature on December 31
 2018 and are redeemable only in exchange for shares of Company
common stock.

On
April 16
 2015
 the Company entered into an amendment to its existing Loan and Security Agreement (the &#8220;Amendment&#8221;)
with CD an affiliate of CDS Ventures and Mr. DeSantis. Pursuant to the Amendment
 the outstanding principal amount of the CD Line
of Credit was reduced by $4.0 million
 which amount was converted into 4
000 shares of a newly-designated Series D Preferred Stock
(the &#8220;Preferred D Shares&#8221;). This related party was given a conversion price of $0.86 per common share
 whereas other
investors purchased common shares at $0.89 in the private placement
 as discussed in note 12. The difference of $0.03 per share
which resulted in $139
535
 was recorded as a dividend in accordance with ASC 470-20-35
 subsequent measurement for debt with
conversion and other options. The Preferred D Shares are convertible into our common stock at the option of the holder thereof
at a conversion price of $0.86 per share until the earlier of the January 2
 2020 due date of our line of credit with CD Financial
&#8221;). The conversion price
is subject to adjustment in the event of stock dividends
 stock splits and similar events. The Preferred D Shares accrue cumulative
annual cash dividends at the rate of 5% per annum
 payable quarterly in cash and have a liquidation preference of $1
000 per share.
On the Mandatory Redemption Date
 the Preferred D Shares automatically convert into shares of our common stock in a number determined
by dividing the $1
000 per Preferred D Share liquidation preference plus any accrued but unpaid dividends
 by the conversion price
then in effect. The Preferred D Shares may also be redeemed by us at any time on or after December 31
 2016
 at a redemption price
equal to 104% of the liquidation preference. The holder of the Preferred D Shares votes on an &#8220;as converted&#8221; basis
together with holders of common stock as a single class on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote
 except as required
by law. &#160;As of December 31
 2016
 $51
000 of dividends has been accrued regarding these shares.



































The entire disclosure for terms
 amounts
 nature of changes
 rights and privileges
 dividends
 and other matters related to preferred stock.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    



The
Company&#8217;s office is rented from a company affiliated with CD which is controlled by our majority shareholder Carl DeSantis.
Currently
 the lease expires on October 2020 with monthly rent of $8
809. The rental fee is commensurate with other properties
available in the market.

In
April 2015
 the Company entered into a strategic marketing and advisory services agreement with All Def Digital. Tim Leissner
a director and shareholder of the Company is also a director and shareholder in All Def Digital. As of December 31
 2016
 the
Company has paid All Def Digital $152
438 and $237
959 for services rendered pursuant to the Advisory Services Agreement during
the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

Other
related party transactions are discussed in notes 8
 9
 10
 and 12













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
STOCKHOLDERS&#8217;
    EQUITY 


Issuance
of common stock pursuant to services performed

In
April 2016
 the Company issued a total 250
000 &#8220;restricted&#8221; shares of its common stock as compensation pursuant to
celebrity endorsement agreements at a fair value of $560
000
 or $2.24 per share representing the closing stock price on that
date.

Issuance
of common stock pursuant to conversion of note

In
April 2015
 the Company issued 5
000
000 unregistered common shares upon conversion of $1
500
000 of convertible notes
 at contractual
terms.

Issuance
of common stock pursuant to private placement

In
April 2015
 the Company issued a total of 12
921
348 shares of common stock at $0.89 per share for gross proceeds of $11.5 million
(see note 10). Expenses incurred of $111
841 were charged to additional paid in capital and the Company received net proceeds
of $11
388
159.

In
December 2016
 the Company issued a total of 1
333
333 shares of common stock at $3.00 per share for net proceeds of $4.0 million.
These shares were issued to existing shareholders of record.

Issuance
of preferred stock pursuant to private placement

Refer
to note 10 for discussion on preferred stock issuances.

Issuance
of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options

During
the twelve months ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued an aggregate of 36
071 shares of its common stock pursuant to the
exercise of stock options granted under the Company&#8217;s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan. The Company recorded $5
326 for options
exercised
 of which $5
300 was for options that were exercised for cash
 with the balance of the options being exercised on a
&#8220;cashless&#8221; basis.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    


Due
to recurring losses for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company&#8217;s net tax provision was zero.


The
difference between the effective income tax rate and the applicable statutory federal income tax rate is summarized as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Statutory
    federal rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State
    income tax rate
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Permanent
    differences
 including stock based compensation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Change
    in valuation allowance
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Effective
    tax rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


At
December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company&#8217;s deferred tax assets were as follows:



Deferred
    Tax Assets
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    operating loss carry forwards
    
    
17
248
000
    
    
    
16
029
000
    

Less:
    Valuation allowance
    
    
(17
248
000)
    
    
    
(16
029
000)
    

Net
    deferred tax assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



The
Company&#8217;s valuation allowance increased by $1
219
000 during 2016 and decreased by $276
000 during 2015. Total net operating
loss carry forwards at December 31
 2016 were approximately $41.6 million. The losses
 if unused
 expire through 2036.The Company&#8217;s
net operating loss carry forwards may be limited due to ownership changes pursuant to Internal Revenue Code section 382.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]







    
    


The
Company adopted an Incentive Stock Plan on January 18
 2007. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract and
retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting
or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock or to receive monetary
payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. While the plan terminates 10 years after the adoption date
issued options have their own schedule of termination. During 2013 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total
available shares in the plan from 2.5 million to 3.5 million shares of common stock. During May 2014
 the majority of the shareholders
approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from 3.5 million to 4.25 million shares of common stock
 during February
2015
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares in the plan from 4.25 million to 4.6 million
shares of common stock and during April 2015
 the majority of the shareholders approved to increase the total available shares
in the plan from 4.6 million to 5.1 million shares of common stock. Until 2017
 options to acquire shares of common stock may
be granted at no less than fair market value on the date of grant. Upon exercise
 shares of new common stock are issued by the
Company.

The
Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan on April 30
 2015. This plan is intended to provide incentives which will attract
and retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors providing consulting
or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock or to receive monetary
payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of options and shares for
up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares included under the plan
with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1
 2016.

Cumulatively
since inception
 the Company has issued options to purchase approximately 5.6 million shares at an average price of $1.04 with
a fair value of $7.3 million. For the year 2016 and 2015
 the Company issued options to purchase 1.3 million and 1.3 million shares.
For the year ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company recognized an expense of $1
019
000 and $1
271
000
 respectively
 of
non-cash compensation expense (included in General and Administrative expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations)
determined by application of a Black Scholes option pricing model with the following inputs: exercise price
 dividend yields
risk-free interest rate
 and expected annual volatility. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company had approximately $1
945
000 of
unrecognized pre-tax non-cash compensation expense
 which the Company expects to recognize
 based on a weighted-average period
of 0.5 years. The Company used straight-line amortization of compensation expense over the two to three year requisite service
or vesting period of the grant. There are options to purchase approximately 4.45 million shares that have vested
 of which 307
000
shares were exercised as of December 31
 2016.

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of its stock option awards and warrant issuances.
The calculation of the fair value of the awards using the Black - Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the Company&#8217;s
stock price on the date of grant as well as assumptions regarding the following:




    
    
Year
    ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    volatility
    
    
132%
    - 159
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    term
    
    
4
    Years
    
    
    
4
    Years
    

Risk-free
    interest rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Forfeiture
    Rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    dividend yield
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
expected volatility was determined with reference to the historical volatility of the Company&#8217;s stock. The Company uses
historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. The expected term of options
granted represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate for periods
within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant.

A
summary of the status of the Company&#8217;s outstanding stock options as of December 31
 2016 and changes during the period ending
on that date is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Weighted
    Average
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Term
    (Yrs)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

At December 31
 2014
    
    
3
496
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
306
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Forfeiture
    and cancelled
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

At December 31
    2015
    
    
4
634
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
300
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
327
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Forfeiture
    and cancelled
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

At December 31
    2016
    
    
5
636
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
317
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2016
    
    
4
411
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



The
following table summarizes information about employee stock options outstanding at December 31
 2016:



    
    
Outstanding
    Options
    
    
Vested
    Options
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Range
    of
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2016
    (000's)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2016
    (000's)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

$0.20
    - $0.53
    
    
2
362
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
362
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
391
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
172
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
853
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

$7.20
    - $22.00
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    options
    
    
5
637
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
411
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    


On
February 22
 2017
 we were served with a summons and complaint with respect to a breach of contract action filed in Superior Court
of the State of California
 Los Angeles County
 by Statewide Beverage Company
&#8221;)
 a former
distributor of the Company&#8217;s products
 whose distribution agreement
 the Company had terminated effective November 2016
&#8221; (non-payment of invoices within the applicable grace period provided in the distribution agreement).
&#8221; and seeks unspecified
damages consisting of termination payments and fees which would be due upon a termination without &#8220;
&#8221;
&#8221; as well as certain invasion fees allegedly due under the terms of the
&#8221; and will
vigorously defend against the action. The Company accrued $85
000 in expense as of December 31
 2016 associated with this complaint
based on an estimate of legal fees.

In
addition to the foregoing
 from time to time
 we may become party to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to
be a part of the ordinary course of our business.&#160;

The
Company has entered into distribution agreements with liquidated damages in case the Company cancels the distribution agreements
without cause. Cause has been defined in various ways. It is management&#8217;s belief that no such agreement has created any
liability as of December 31
 2016.

The
Company entered into an office lease with a related party (see note 10) effective October 2015. The monthly rent amounts to $8
809
per month and the lease terminates in October 2020. Future annual minimum payments required under operating lease obligations
at December 31
 2016 are as follows:

Future
Minimum Lease Payments



Year
    ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
113
461
    

    
    
    
116
720
    

    
    
    
120
078
    

    
    
    
102
455
    

    
    
    
480
343
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    



Between
January 1
 2017 and March 14
 2017
 the Company raised an aggregate of $11.0 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate
of 3
666
662 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to accredited investors
including certain affiliates of the Company
 as more fully described in the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14
 2017.

Between
January 1
 2017 and February 14
 2017
 the Company issued an aggregate of 238
795 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise
of stock options granted under the Company&#8217;s 2006 Stock Incentive plan. The Company recorded $25
000 for options exercised
of which $25
000 was for options that were exercised for cash
 with the balance of the options being exercised on a &#8220;cashless&#8221;
basis.

On
January 26
 2017
 the Company issued 47
126 shares of &#8220;restricted&#8221; stock to each of William H. Milmoe and Thomas E.
Lynch in consideration for services previously rendered to Celsius.

Effective
February 7
 2017
 the Company incorporated two wholly owned subsidiaries in Hong Kong
 Celsius Asia Holdings Limited and Celsius
China Holdings Limited.&#160;

Effective
March 1
 2017
 Gerry David
 Celsius&#8217; President and Chief Executive Officer retired from such positions with the Company.
Pending our board of directors identifying and retaining a new President and Chief Executive Officer
 John Fieldly
 the Company&#8217;s
Chief Financial Officer will serve in such additional capacities on an interim basis. Mr. David will continue to serve as a consultant
to the Company through December 31
 2017.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Consolidation
Policy
 Inc. and its subsidiaries.
All material inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.




Significant
Estimates
accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include the allowance for doubtful accounts
reserves for inventory obsolescence
 the useful lives and values of property
 fixtures and equipment
 valuation of stock based
compensation
 and deferred tax asset valuation allowance.




Segment
Reporting 
 separate segment data has not been presented
as they meet the criteria for aggregation as permitted by ASC Topic 280
 Segment Reporting
 (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 131
 

Our
chief operating decision-maker is considered to be our Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The CEO reviews financial information presented
on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing financial performance. The financial information
reviewed by the CEO is identical to the information presented in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Therefore
the Company has determined that it operates in a single operating segment. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 all
material assets and revenues of the Company were in the United States except as disclosed in Note 2.




Concentrations
of Risk

The
Company uses single supplier relationships for its raw materials purchases and filling capacity
 which potentially subjects the
Company to a concentration of business risk. If these suppliers had operational problems or ceased making product available to
the Company
 operations could be adversely affected.

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
and accounts receivable. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality financial institutions. At times
balances in the Company&#8217;s cash accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. At December 31
 2016
the Company had approximately $11.5 million in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit.



At
December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of revenue with its customers:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All
    other
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


At
December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its
customers:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All
    other
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


*Revenues and receivables from customer A are derived from a distributor located in Sweden. Revenues from all other customers were mainly derived from the United States.





Cash
Equivalents
to be cash equivalents. At December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 the Company did not have any investments with maturities of
three months or less.




Accounts
Receivable
accounts based upon factors pertaining to the credit risk of specific customers
 historical trends
 and other information. Delinquent
accounts are written-off when it is determined that the amounts are uncollectible. At December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
there was an allowance for doubtful accounts of $72
300 and $3
500
 respectively.




Inventories

the FIFO method. Inventories consist of raw materials and finished products. The Company reserves against inventory during the
period in which such materials and products are no longer usable or marketable. In 2016 and 2015
 the Company recorded a reserve
of $201
000 and $329
000
 respectively. The changes in reserve are included in cost of revenue. Free Samples are recorded as cost
of sales.




Property
and Equipment
of property and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset generally ranging
from three to seven years.




Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets
 &#8220;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&#8221; the Company reviews
the carrying value of intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured
by comparison of its carrying amount to the undiscounted cash flows that the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If
such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount
of the property
 if any
 exceeds its fair value.




Revenue
Recognition
exists
 the products are delivered
 sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Any discounts
slotting fees
 sales incentives or similar arrangements with the customer are estimated at time of sale and deducted from revenue.




Deferred
Revenue 
production runs. Such amounts are initially recorded as deferred revenue. The Company recognizes such revenue as it is earned
in accordance with revenue recognition policies.




Advertising
Costs
 local sampling events
 sponsorships
endorsements
 and digital advertising. The Company incurred advertising expense of approximately $4.3 million and $3.2 million
during year ending December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




Research
and Development
consist primarily of consulting fees
 raw material usage and test productions of beverages. The Company incurred expenses of $90
000
and $71
000 during year ending December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.




Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
accrued expenses
 and notes payable approximates fair value due to their relative short-term maturity and market interest rates.




Fair
Value Measurements
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally
 ASC 820 requires the use
of valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are
prioritized below:



Level
    1:
Observable inputs
    such as quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

    
    

    
Observable market-based
    inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.

    
    

    
Unobservable inputs
    for which there is little or no market data
 which require the use of the reporting entity&#8217;s own assumptions.


The
Company did not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value at December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015.




Income
Taxes &#8212; 
 &#8220;Accounting for Income
Taxes
&#8221; which requires
 among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset
and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided
to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will
not be realized. The Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to


 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing
authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that
would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the
financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not
that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any.

Tax
positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement
with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount
measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along
with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes
its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for
uncertain tax benefits.

The


a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a
tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.
For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position
is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations
remains open.

The
Company&#8217;s tax returns for tax years in 2013 through 2016 remain subject to potential examination by the taxing authorities.




Earnings
per Share 
number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted earnings per share are computed using the weighted average number
of common and dilutive common share equivalents outstanding during the period. Dilutive common share equivalents consist of shares
issuable upon conversion of convertible debt
 exercise of stock options and warrants (calculated using the reverse treasury stock
method). As of December 31
 2016
 there were options outstanding to purchase 5.6 million shares
 which exercise price averaged
$1.04
 Series C Preferred Stock warrants outstanding to convert to 4.6 million common shares at $0.52 price per share and Series
D Preferred Stock warrants outstanding to convert to 4.7 million common shares at $0.86 price per share. There were no other dilutive
common shares equivalents
 including convertible notes and warrants
 as no common share equivalents had an exercise price below
the ending closing price of the year. The effects of dilutive instruments have not been presented as the effects would be anti-dilutive.




Share-Based
Payments 
 2006
 the Company has fully adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 718 &#8220;Compensation
&#8212; Stock Compensation&#8221; and related interpretations. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at
the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods
of the grants. On April 30
 2015
 the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. This plan is intended to provide incentives
which will attract and retain highly competent persons at all levels as employees of the Company
 as well as independent contractors
providing consulting or advisory services to the Company
 by providing them opportunities to acquire the Company's common stock
or to receive monetary payments based on the value of such shares pursuant to Awards issued. The 2015 Plan permits the grant of
options and shares for up to 5
000
000 shares. In addition
 there is a provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares included
under the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1
 2016.




Shipping
and Handling Costs 
Freight expense on goods shipped for year ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 was $1
984
000 and $1
161
000
 respectively.




Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

The
Company adopts all applicable
 new accounting pronouncements as of the specified effective dates.

In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&#8221; which supersedes previous
revenue recognition guidance. ASU No. 2014-09 requires that a company recognize revenue at an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer. In applying the new
guidance
 a company will (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract;
(iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the contract&#8217;s performance obligations; and
(v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. ASU No. 2014-09 was to be effective for reporting
periods beginning after December 15
 2016. However
 on July 9
 2015
 the FASB voted to approve a one-year deferral of the effective
date. This new guidance is effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2018 and can be adopted using either a full retrospective
or modified approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU No. 2014-09 on its financial position
 results of
operations and liquidity.

In
September 2015
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the &#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;)
No. 2015-16
 (&#8220;ASU 2015-16&#8221;). ASU 2015-16 simplifies
the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination by requiring the acquirer to (i)
recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which
the adjustment amount is determined
 (ii) record
 in the same period
 the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation
 amortization
or other income effects
 if any
 as a result of the change to the provisional amounts
 calculated as if the accounting had been
completed at the acquisition date
 and (iii) present separately or disclose the portion of the amount recorded in current-period
earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts
had been recognized as of the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 beginning
after December 15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2015-16 on January
1
 2017 to its consolidated financial position or results of operations.

In
April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03
 (&#8220;ASU 2015-03&#8221;).
ASU 2015-03 simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs and requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt
liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability (consistent
with debt discounts). &#160;


In
August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15

Line-of-Credit Arrangements (Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18
 2015 EITF Meeting)
2015-15&#8221;). ASU 2015-15 allows debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit agreements to be presented in the balance sheet
as an asset. ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 beginning after December
15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The Company plans to early adopt ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 as of December 31
 2016; the
adoption is not expected to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results of operations.

All
new accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations
cash flows or financial position.




Liquidity

December 31
 2016
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $53
354
000 which includes a net loss available to common stockholders
of $3
434
000 for year ended December 31
 2016. While these factors alone may raise doubt as to the Company&#8217;s ability to
continue as a going concern
 the Company&#8217;s sale of an aggregate of $15 million in capital through the sale of an aggregate
of 4
833
329 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $3.00 per share in a private offering to 13 accredited investors
between December 30
 2016 and March 14
 2017 is deemed sufficient to alleviate substantial doubt regarding the Company&#8217;s
ability to continue as a going concern.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.




























The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







At
December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of revenue with its customers:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All
    other
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


At
December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company had the following 10 percent or greater concentrations of accounts receivable with its
customers:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All
    other
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


*Revenues and receivables from customer A are derived from a distributor located in Sweden. Revenues from all other customers were mainly derived from the United States.




































Tabular disclosure of the nature of a concentration
 a benchmark to which it is compared
 and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Inventories
consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Finished
    goods
    
    
2
142
032
    
    
    
2
309
288
    

    
    
    
270
143
    
    
    
342
691
    

Less:
    Inventory Reserve
    
    
(200
805
    
    
    
(329
075
    

Inventories
    net
    
    
2
211
370
    
    
    
2
322
904




































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





Property
and equipment consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Furniture
    and equipment
    
    
291
626
    
    
    
264
495
    

Less:
    accumulated depreciation
    
    
(258
093
    
    
    
(243
176
    

    
    
    
33
533
    
    
    
21
319
    




































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Accounts
payable and accrued expenses consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accounts
    payable
    
    
858
131
    
    
    
1
207
353
    

Accrued
    expenses
    
    
896
076
    
    
    
598
578
    

    
    
    
1
754
207
    
    
    
1
805
931




































Tabular disclosure of the (a) carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business (accounts payable); (b) other payables; and (c) accrued liabilities. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Deferred Revenue and Credits
 Current [Abstract]





Deferred
revenue and other current liabilities consist of the following at:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Customer
    deposits
    
    
201
652
    
    
    
13
063
    

State
    bottle bill liability
    
    
12
960
    
    
    
11
994
    

    
    
    
214
612
    
    
    
25
057
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Line
of credit note payable - related party consists of the following as of:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

In July 2010
 the Company entered a line of
    credit note payable with a related party which carries interest of five percent per annum. The Company can borrow up to $9
500
000.
    The Company has pledged all its assets as security for the line of credit. The note matures in January 2020
 at which time
    the principal amount is due. During April 2015
 the Company issued $4
000
000 of convertible series D preferred series in
    exchange for cancellation of $4
000
000 of this line
 reducing the amount to $4
500
000.
    
    
    
    
    
    

Long-term
    portion
    
    
4
500
000
    
    
    
4
500
000
    




































Tabular disclosure of short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders
 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible
    note payable
 related party
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








Tabular disclosure of borrowings which can be exchanged for a specified number of another security at the option of the issuer or the holder. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 principal amount
 amortized premium or discount
 and amount of liability and equity components.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







The
difference between the effective income tax rate and the applicable statutory federal income tax rate is summarized as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Statutory
    federal rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State
    income tax rate
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Permanent
    differences
 including stock based compensation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Change
    in valuation allowance
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Effective
    tax rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





At
December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company&#8217;s deferred tax assets were as follows:



Deferred
    Tax Assets
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    operating loss carry forwards
    
    
17
248
000
    
    
    
16
029
000
    

Less:
    Valuation allowance
    
    
(17
248
000)
    
    
    
(16
029
000)
    

Net
    deferred tax assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]





The
calculation of the fair value of the awards using the Black - Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the Company&#8217;s
stock price on the date of grant as well as assumptions regarding the following:




    
    
Year
    ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    volatility
    
    
132%
    - 159
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    term
    
    
4
    Years
    
    
    
4
    Years
    

Risk-free
    interest rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Forfeiture
    Rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    dividend yield
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





A
summary of the status of the Company&#8217;s outstanding stock options as of December 31
 2016 and changes during the period ending
on that date is as follows:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Weighted
    Average
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Term
    (Yrs)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

At December 31
 2014
    
    
3
496
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
306
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Forfeiture
    and cancelled
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

At December 31
    2015
    
    
4
634
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
300
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
327
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Forfeiture
    and cancelled
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

At December 31
    2016
    
    
5
636
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
317
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable at December 31
 2016
    
    
4
411
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





The
following table summarizes information about employee stock options outstanding at December 31
 2016:



    
    
Outstanding
    Options
    
    
Vested
    Options
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Range
    of
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
December
    31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2016
    (000's)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2016
    (000's)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

$0.20
    - $0.53
    
    
2
362
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
362
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
391
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
172
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
853
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

$7.20
    - $22.00
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding
    options
    
    
5
637
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
411
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016







Future
annual minimum payments required under operating lease obligations at December 31
 2016 are as follows:

Future
Minimum Lease Payments



Year
    ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
113
461
    

    
    
    
116
720
    

    
    
    
120
078
    

    
    
    
102
455
    

    
    
    
480
343
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015








































































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
































































































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Apr. 30
 2015
Mar. 14
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015








500
000











300


500









805


075









300
000


200
000









000


000









984
000


161
000









600
000






















354
332)


920
563)









433
769)


570
297)



Number of shares issued
 value







000
000














Number of shares issued
 value



000
000











833
329































000
000










Provision for an annual increase of 15% to the shares
included under the plan
 with the shares to be added on the first day of each calendar year
 beginning on January 1
 2016.





































600
000

































700
000


















































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.













































































































































































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.

























































General descriptive information regarding an arrangement under which employees and directors receive: (a) awards of equity shares
 equity share options
 or other equity instruments; or (b) the entity incurs liabilities to them: (1) in amounts based
 at least in part
 on the price of the entity's shares or other equity instruments; or (2) that require or may require settlement by issuance of the entity's shares. Such an arrangement is usually provided to employees and directors to compensate them
 provide performance incentives to them
 and to attract or retain their services. May also include pertinent information particular to a plan that is not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy.




























The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).


















































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











142
032


309
288





143


691





805)


075)



Inventories
 net

211
370


322
904



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











000


000







Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








093)


176)





533


319










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

626


495







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








951


043













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











131


207
353





076


578





754
207


805
931







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Deferred Revenue and Credits
 Current [Abstract]








652


063





960


994





612


057





























































































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Apr. 30
 2015
Jul. 31
 2010
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015








500
000


500
000



5% Note Payable - Line of Credit [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CD Financial
 LLC [Member]
















500
000


500
000







500
000











  2020







5% Note Payable - Line of Credit [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | 5% Series D Preferred Stock [Member]












000
000











000
000







































































Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Convertible note payable
 related party










Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Apr. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2009
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Debt instrument
 maturity date





  2016







500
000

























































000































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Apr. 16
 2015
Aug. 26
 2013
Apr. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015












000











666


847




































































Securities Purchase Agreement [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CDS Ventures of South Florida
 LLC &amp; CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | 6% Series C Preferred Stock [Member]
















200


























000









Securities Purchase Agreement [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CDS Ventures of South Florida
 LLC [Member] | Short Term Loan [Member]
















000









Securities Purchase Agreement [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CDS Ventures of South Florida
 LLC [Member] | 6% Series C Preferred Stock [Member]































000















000













  2018





Securities Purchase Agreement [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | 5% Note Payable - Line of Credit [Member]
















650
000









Amendment Loan and Security Agreement [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | 5% Note Payable - Line of Credit [Member]














000
000











Amendment Loan and Security Agreement [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | 5% Series D Preferred Stock [Member]














000


























000













535






000







  2020





































Preferred stock redemption price
 percent

































































































































































The per share amount of a dividend declared
 but not paid
 as of the financial reporting date.



















































































































Date the preferred stock has been redeemed
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

















































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | Office [Member]















809














438


959







Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2016
Apr. 30
 2016
Apr. 30
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015










000


























000
000


388
084











300


























071













300













326
























500
000









333
333




921
348


























841









000
000




388
159


























000
000













500
000
























000













000


























Amount of decrease in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from direct costs associated with issuing stock. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal and accounting fees and direct costs associated with stock issues under a shelf registration.



















































































































The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock options. This item inherently excludes any excess tax benefit
 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.













































































































































































Value
 after forfeitures
 of stock or other type of equity granted of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).




























Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.




























Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes
 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
















State income tax rate
 net of federal benefit






Permanent differences
 including stock based compensation












































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











248
000


029
000





248
000)


029
000)











































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


















219
000


000



Operating loss carry forwards
 net

600
000






































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015













































































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding [Roll Forward]








634
000


496
000





327
000


306
000





000)







000)


000)





636
000


634
000





411
000





Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price [Roll Forward]
















































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Fair Value [Roll Forward]









































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Intrinsic Value [Roll Forward]








300
000


000





317
000


300
000





000





Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Average Remaining Term [Roll Forward]












































































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.















































































































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.



















































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.












































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















Number Outstanding at December 31
 2016 | shares

637
000


















Number Exercisable at December 31
 2016 | shares

411
000























Number Outstanding at December 31
 2016 | shares

362
000


















Number Exercisable at December 31
 2016 | shares

362
000























Number Outstanding at December 31
 2016 | shares

391
000


















Number Exercisable at December 31
 2016 | shares

172
000























Number Outstanding at December 31
 2016 | shares

853
000


















Number Exercisable at December 31
 2016 | shares

000























Number Outstanding at December 31
 2016 | shares

000


















Number Exercisable at December 31
 2016 | shares

000























Number Outstanding at December 31
 2016 | shares

000


















Number Exercisable at December 31
 2016 | shares

000
































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of exercisable stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















461





720





078





455





343
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















000



CD Financial
 LLC [Member] | Carl DeSantis [Member] | Office [Member]











809







Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities.




























Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 14
 2017
Feb. 14
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Number of shares issued
 value







000
000









327
000


306
000



Options exercised
 value





000




















795







Options exercised
 value



000


















Number of shares issued
 value

000
000











666
662



































126


































































































Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes
 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.










































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( &6 ?DH?(\\#P    !



9G.X    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O



!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS



E*7IF'R[X;7


M[]&_N.1-
B]


M!@ AD(920_%-.A#2D8#IIP0Z
M$*A'0'TJ;FUV3+/U4HI;)/OM[9C]B_ ]-:N_MX-NL=TWLSS*C%[7R1)=;9@!




M5&;

(_IX#&#*SZ1AT^ 
F801_VR'
G IL8IR&$8BO F#2&178ZSBT
J&^

MF:



M%Z8M^]*D[VC1#647&FN_]3]02P
$%     @ 98!^2E3GFWN1 P  X X  !@

M^^1G5=;=

H

D]%YS=-

V7_VK[X
\L%)Z&/;E-WX/]F^='U3
M3:T$*U7Q\_(\UN/S/+7_%L8'X!2 UP!0[P;(*4!& =G%V9CJIZ(O5HNV.2?M


M4M21CAQ=)/JF([3.6AD/+J
#M
+
^-&L'TW]F
B/IOT@@+0B\L/H)&(N%._'
ML'X
]6
C/X;TDTLK51[9H3)C#!K+N[&L&TO=1
MB;4DW8(V3VL5^&*%&I;0&
MWI%C'3GJ*.IH[4A'4NJ;[^9BAZH0).2\EYSUDA
O*EH3ZYP9'0L6
%[

YYXC$(2#W)V!/2

MF(%0RNG8$2



E3+Q06?#
M*)U52LQ]'
BC$2D:=8S&27-WNN4W:D[)[]39S55CN/M]*=KG8]TE3TT?;BWC











0@[V8YZ!I^Y2T
M3P?[=&YO@AJ
$#5 ZC$)KA7+C YRP4#0''26IC0C23*2F%$6

 $@

B#0@A'&:B2R3AN:C23X:\X& CT9Q

-U.D.^




*45(%($
MDD.:&;;$BM98P)K0E$C,-J$?+#/H#(I%AJ;%IB 6NL34-L'@^.5+%&H(








?SS6E9%
:1:!GYW&^;=H@L_'SXE<_S=J3 X]]A



=85!K% ;



M-]Q 



;LH!
M-TS2Y!9M7L
E%7$'F [5WBDXD1K2RI\#QYQXE994IJ70F!05ZBD$
7 8N7D$


GUX-P.\V@.G]EB!!]!(



M965T-BYX;6Q]F-UNXS80A5_%\'W6Y RIG\ V$+LH6J %@BVVO59L)C96LEQ)


M[KF9M.]5533_K5Q9GQ93/?UL^+I_VW5]PVPY/Q9O[B_7?3L^-_YN=HFRW5?N

MGP^W=F791_(^_AV#3B]C]AVOKS^C_SHD[Y-Y*5JWKLM_]MMNMYAFT\G6O1;O

5;J8H?Y]_]8?@]


=XP!:X2FL1$YL
MPRFL0'43__X&<WT-A:SFB

H$
M




M69:69*CHQ

ME94Q$1D0
?S67@&1](
^W._YP3!D $




 S^*U%^0'/'T;4[ 5*OU;1)FW3JM/5S#@Q$S0M+PM']^SF!
M8[1%_4)LX^?Q8\?)!F.?70O@R8N2VN6T];[;
^;*%A1W5Z8#C7]J8Q7WZ-J&


M&3L'HBGG


WB=_'T!.Z[;.'T!9IAS
MYLPP9 .:9]L./*BI+8Y;9WK]HS9L@7%[05VH/U-C49QYTW3

M)+EBB@M-BRSZCJ;(L'=2:#@:8GNEN'D]@




/8O
W+GX#4$L#!!0    ( &6 ?DI/PBF3

 T:W.)%1R

M'J0

WZ!N9X#





VS'461)5 6C&^V=PS+:2A199\








5
M(&435:W42*M439Z]




E9ZY=@_*@+G(2$0$#E@@+SVP7N0(@@Y-/X
VOB
M)60@KL_OZM]B[;Z6
[-PI\4SKUU7X!N
:FC8(-RC'K_#7

M)WGE70;VEL8W^8!/T_[ 3
N516?M_
O&_C=:._I)%=^A#K_P19#0./\8L_
MFVG
)L/I?OY!9/G&Y5]02P
$%     @ 98!^2M^()K^T 0  T@
  !D   !X

=F(YL6V (Z\:M79G+;.

MV1 [:W,VPD4CCG=TW?'LVQ:%QRLR'K1P%=PW_JS\19;6JIH;
2.V*@SNG=
M_GA*0WP

M7)_?V1]B[;Z6B[!PC^J'K%R;TP

M];X7X8GW1^Y[4P9G;$6\\^*M]UZ+_2W/V#40S3&G*8:O8Y8(YMF7%'PKQ8G_

134+AP_^K.9QFPR




M*6[?CB#-D-

-_ #_LSM9M-C
4@D%V@FCB84ZIW?;PS$-


^D<S?(6IGFM*IN*_PP4DA@<EF*
TTL65



M:&5E='

M'?:@_4V#1G'G3=

#34$?=J=S%N)CP \!

]U09
@14+C!PO]W@$:0



E%0XZ3O+*NPSL0QK?
MY&_X-.U?N6F%MN2*SK]L['^#Z

M971S+W-H965T




MCCG=TW?'LVQ:%QRLR'K1P#=PW_N3\19;6JIH;,2.V*@SNG=_G!,0WP,^%A


M*8

/7

M7X5I9&?)&9U_V=C_&M&!E[*[\B/4^@^V& IJ%XXW_FRF
9L
A_W\@]CRC8O?
M4$L#!!0    ( &6 ?DHVP

M:&5E=#$V+GAM;'U3VV[;

MUFD1T'0-\YT#42605HQO-G=




M.L%^E6?/;_+7$MYO!7$K;HJ0;7I&GRI+2]29.\\
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#$W+GAM;'U386_<( S]*X@?4'*YVYJ=DDB]3M,F;=*IT[K/7.(DJ( S()?N
MWP](FF5KU^ C=_SLS'YB.;)=@./NI;4$[Y_HC8[;J0'%[@SUH?].@4=QY
MT[3



MQ^EFG\VP;4 Z ](%D



[%T:W^1O^#3MW[AIA;;D
M@LZ_;.Q_@^C 2TEN_ AU_H
O&IE7$$[[_L38Z[J0 MWASV8<-.@U<('T[;
M]19$G4!:
;[;W3

M[)CE[!:)YICS%
/7
4L$^Q+KZ5XLS_@?-M^'Y3X3[!]^OL#_?;!(=-@D
B
M./RWQ*V8OU6R54\UV#9-DR

__RV?./R-U!+ P04     !E



I Q$*.-EYJ1+R@!<G]_9/\?:L98+=W!OY$]1^ZZ@!TIJ:/@@
M_9


M2&9 L@ .

M-1#-



M0XI*!V-?7 /@R9N2VF6T\;X[

MS2U3HM4T3Z/O;//4]%ZV&LZ6N%XI87^=0)HAHUOZX7ALZ\8'!\O33M3P!/Y'


MS&F


M@.;5M@.ONI;4Y;Y[HC8[9L07%[@QUH?U.C4=QYTS3
=@9X%4E*LC1)/C'%


!O8N/R/[ QVE_XJ81VI(+.O^RL?\UH@.?2G+C1ZCU
M'VPV)-0N'#_[LQG';#0<=M,/8O,W+GX#4$L#!!0    ( &6 ?DKA$CUM $


M4.]Z [2K)%*W($$TJJ(\NQ-)HE57X+M;,K?,W;2$#BQ?:
YYPY
Q[GHW7/
MO@


MI0;CI37$05/0^_WQE
7X%/ D8?2K


MH GQ^ [/;AJSR0BVGW\06[YQ^0M02P

C


FW
MDDB7JZI6:J7HJK:_?8F3H -

MZ*TL*KV*3\;4BR31NY





AIX 





M_/G K[E*[IA^-)5K4+#I8EK:C@&=S/]F2\Q2:60FIHK

)O%[@#I0*13^-UY*239 #.SQ_L


-IHK39$F.71





M\^

P^9 
?-'X429&YR(F7L_B/#$




MSUX8P(J-J6V6].\[-H32E!?;
S[GS
S;#L?'*S,!]'-_#?A[-%BZTJM=30.VEZ8J$IZ$-Z/&4!'P$_




0Z; \7


ZN06C!G&8

MB/3#-OI=LB^0[0ID42#[I\3#NQ+W
-F[(&S34PVVC=/D2&7&/D[RQKL.[ ./
M;_(7/D_[5V%;V3MR
1Y?-O:_

%60T'CP_$#GNT\9K/AS;#\
M(+9^X_(/4$L#!!0    ( &6 ?DKG$Z


!]L$#A#8M.X$A8@3!W0 D:*MM^T





M971S+W-H965T

4ASA9&MF6FDY3)VU2U&GM;V)?




4HM;%Q1V5NGY:3B
M4Y'L;=RYBOLPWNQN)]HZ@4X$.A
.
0X9 \7
OS+'BLSH 9FQ]QT+3[PY4M^;
M

MVV7T_7Y=(%T52*- ^D^)MY]*7

8Q&PVGN^D'
[EG',_N0]FA=; SCRJE5C4UH[UQX8LWD-6M@K

M$^\/G#?


.PWL+8]O





Y9RX





M='



-\;T!T)TT8!@^D;V
W\.DXG\6X.P?0.8 N 7NO0R8AG_D#
RQ/E1R1FGK?
W?%FP.U


3A4
MQFUO[5Y-;WDRC.SG
27+OR+_U!+ P04     !E@'Y*G(-4%M

2R7B'BRSX+KK(

M9DZ\2/K ]?Z#_274[FJY
@-/2OSDE6US?
2H@IH-PKZJ\1/



@F%S)^9
:

M18+&)
[TOW :#]]%
]R%\-U:_7B($R11@B00)/^4N+LK
89)XB+[J



M *_3OR]@Q[$2OP SG'/FPI .:%YM ^#(NU:MS6CC7+=GS!8-:&$OL(/6WU1H

CHAGXX






M965T

;2=L




M(?6#BF-12V?'E;XM[9UVX%PQG9?WI!LKUW-QV)3LH
PRU&O1#8=NHWC3#SXT

M='



M5(Z


(

7KO*?N




V+GAM;(U876^;
!3]*XCW%7R-^:B22&W3:9
VJ=JT[9DF


TO.]54N3:/S3YHCXW
MWU05080AG%0Y47MKQ;]V%.S6JB3

?QOX5NP/NAL(5HMCOI??I?YQ?&K
4W995M4
MLFX+57N-WW].W;[R



M7N6#+

50J?(_P[6H^^MYG/\M
MC Z 



([#S%XE)*$$$4*[L$Y0HHR@


MC?2. 5& R8&F!@WK)(XLWD!Y@4B:=.=$V+=DV&;9
C9V#8-Z-P[@S0OLFP


D8OV*48956KG
P1-_2V\$2ZNM&!$Q#;UL<'\HYTP9:L$ (ECD$[1@





MJ^9-!WL9J6O;


M#6[ C=R2F#V.@BOWC8Y7I44[93$H+7L=VZ9S[3N4#*%A0/(%$#F@1]-X!.


EWL$9R$TF)SXP=BK35F<!QS.VG97IB_'XC .M.BG
MNH?FXEO^!5!+ P04     !E@'Y*9SER'K

M:&5E='
%UO$O7%< XSPPR&:M+FV0X #KU(H6R-!^?&+2&V'4 R

2E.5:(0-]C3]NMCL:\!'P



M^0M02P

MZ94S%RU5.A07)'L!]&1)+4

TA7\U?UC[9V

YJ;KP-[YW@C.]


 S(8S^22 3@:P(:'1F2_U %2USP0=/
MC#^KI^9




Q-(R2GVAQEB]4H@=:.Q!E.XWB+


3$641&^&I[[MM#7@






M
37(6XM467\K,#ZPA8%!HJT#-<(,C,&:%
MC(U?HZ8_O=(2Y_-W]4\NN\ERI@J.@OUL2EUG?N)[)53TRO2SZ#_#F(?XWAC^
M*]R &;AU8MY1*;<TRNN2@L^JA@KG+X-8].ZL1]62#+2U@G12(@F0KCY+P&/
M!+P@H

A'ML-K.P3;=W;LVD5:9[RS$F*;I9H1%S
M&##1#!-]1!SO$?@O!!D#DXMHU47D^'C&#[=X70OF GL/D08[N(


0:RB0I2U6U4BM%6[5]=N 0T!I,;2=L_[Z^L)0%U)?8YWAF
M/.,8IR,7+[(!4-YKQWJ9^8U2PPDA63;04?G !^CU2LU%1Y4NQ17)00M+*EC

M@$&IC +5PQT*8
P(:1N_)TU_WM(0E_
W]4\VN\YRH1(*SGZUE6HR_]'W*JCI



%'R?)O@#9%2!6


](C5?N840S1(AGA=08?Y &ZCEFP-E%1:RRXZ(-PSP
M7I
J@@+/2U%R]K-4CVV95E*3X*4-6R9PT]5A=G?-1#:KES?O0R\E,=J &4







PJP!  #

O





MS
5_!.A5 1H%;L\$Z$6




1')%H.9&](
M-46!Y\6H)E7C9JF9V_(L92=)JP:VW!&GNB;\[P8HZ]:N[UXFWJIC*?4$RM*6

_J[VLMR[2Y=

MX?UU:(F^=?X*J^

RQ_@C
M JD$8XS %F

']D]

_NQ&V&F&+T7*R&#PS\B9;^@AQ%R*VAH@M(1*[
MP
(JL)@+Q).
N0WSGQNZM)HL+0*3NY7WF.7M1CR%=I/$:I)83
*)23+;[1C/



Q$'7JE?
MMJ(N

M?00$=P
'1
#0AU0/@1$-T-B'1 9#AX?6=UO?^8R6PQJ\79J?L)=

M(C6^Z_9E-YS=;VH &O7VM&!1

MN56L@-.'Q%.-O;28PA;3+CZXJ30V/'I-U&FJ3D
27_UA'P9]&/!)C-:R@0\+



=:PE [WR
#W[Y2+B:6 V

M0;GA */ 7BOFE8[8*U

MP^ S!+XY.Z'(W+6\J[-

M0\&WLKV-U7W=GS/[!RD.^@SM70[RBW]02P
$%     @ 98!^2D18$N0% @

MY;TQVLB=7RG5;A&2906

?<5AGIB
MWQN*_PXWH!IN

M$ V$Z)VPLL7WF=E2OQ!%\DSPSA/]8;7$W(EP&^G-+$W0[IW]IZN5.GK+HW62
MH9L1&C#['H

,1F\L^B^]U
M2^D[P+M,WX]^$'&I&^D=N=)/R5[X,^<*=);!@][T2K? <4'AK,PTU7/1-X)^
MH7@[]#@T-MK\'U!+ P04     !E@'Y*XGWHCE\#  #J#0  &0   'AL+W=O






MZ52F]TP=(RCN/!0[L/@Z%3
V




M?!7+#W#X*XD;.98N.9U:J96BJ]K^)LXFM@Z
R2^OGT!^WP.M\J? ,O,[R!


J8?8G^:HZTV8A\$13O3
M](OHO\)8SR(,QN*_PQ68@5LG)D<EF'*_07516O!1Q5CA]&T8F]:-_;SR$<:
M3DA&0C(1XN5=0CH2T@]YHH?G+E2GZBF92%%'\CAS^JHO1/Q.C6'6=F@.SNW
M9ZI5)GHMLR@OR-4*C9CM@$EFF'A$*
^I4BP%-OD$SVY3;#[C$@3/$.*%I$Z


2EU?:AS*)3
WU









M?53M;ILP%'T5Q /48 A)(T!J



_;:V:(MR$

@W
_JB;D3\3;1AUF9

/4;2TLKJS@M?9'';C)_/ZR3Q^'A=^LKL\:6SRW&5LPO)0)SMVY5!
MQ2^=
K]^%IW:PQ
=B+_6)<P7:9_2@
M#Z31;6Y:4#@I






2O AHY6#LFE0/G+V;S];AQ?:
(
M&&3*4%#]N
(.&#-


W 7931!C@$4(T
MB=#Z1S=)D%$,#',G2(0&B1"<%0I#!.-A#S&W B9H4)F



M(-C=GY0$ 47C!N$-VFH)XFPGD'0R?JF4:6 #:S_EMH%IRR-[:J:?;=?O-.WH

]K?L-@Y

M0?(/4$L#!!0    ( &6 ?DH82N:?H@


!3]*XCW!6SS6261FDS3)FU2M6G;

<VWNB<WRRMJG[D0I]U[JJNE6_HGS\UT0=+L3
S''MKUDEUX53;T


D4A/I[IEE:5




YL

MO?

M?

M[=A@9\2 
UI/O0)E6DNFB8
(]CP
;-UBUTK;H;G;-X4*)G^1)-0VYRHV0.
MF7O/@&%+PW,L#=L;LY0@8 .G@.^)UT7!5H;G6)D3;FB-'53P?:%(?MR[
@Q


?Q

MKH/F4I99_?-)%^:Z5GX^\;G_'AJ^QO1=GW.COH_W?Y_?JZ[J^AF99^7NFIR
M4P6U/FS1_;PI%0_8%!\R?6UF7P/^JF\&/.MO_A[OPGC/B)=Z%W;F\BZCU?]
M01=%;ZF+X[LU&MY\]@.GWW];_S1
OIO
2];H#Z;XFN_;TR9

JAM^ZX)ON

MQMS$
TH-12GAA^3 1,KP@3D[Y'Q^?PP3 3
PBRHFDUN5ARLIH
P\H0K5YF
M@2BA_&!6&0+173=6=+]P.

@2NEY?T/7G!
MW#($KE=H($JHUP]&E0

M.0A#*-&&U#L)Q6 ?01908E8E8M7-*Q(EQ.968DXEXM1=*%8T72AB03V_) 95
MHE




U*2S3=
F;3+9INUO1H^C610+S+B]^P*ZQCKT
MCWR]YWW. 2&?N'B5+8#RWGHVR

MT-H&]0R1($A03[O!+W

P/A4^]M\G7KIKJ\P$

MI2[\P0$#IE'*AN[O 



GYKT?J3EB?1Z;RHS:;?KNGD
MI9Z]EU$6YNANC!;-:=:0?S31JD':?X40)X18@W!C@ ^!VR!T&H36(+8&@S4@




MR:DVH6R(&B30RA5Q1L(@2 BG78^+S.6.LLC$6;.NAZ-$ZLPYE7\.P
28XPV^
M)EZ[IM4V08ILH W\!/UK.$H3D86EZCCTJA

MDY
0[S;X5N4XL(: 0:DM S7#!9Z!
4MD;'S

W
YW9HIT&*8'P2RO$K%7U!+ P04

MD
U#P


MI1%8L

MF$P*BD%!
2 (C03%;N9I.LF3@#P)P#

I G

V




DH'6D.1'

M4KH@ #Q;)R9O[[_9:J0@$H@%3LSNU%#XE%LO;Z]JW^E*:9^+@)H_3/7SQD

MOA!Y%/R2^Z=Q'F5__F)X
OGBVS^EP;=_RKX]BY?YQH\RX44K
8^R('L2YQ&/

M-Z[^^
Y+X


M.PUBG
'OBA=!DY7\4?_&?&I=X^[2M3=7K'O^E^MUM
MXN&T8O&TN8O#VN+F%]\U3G'M)T&


CW^.XL=(+'PO



=C+
'N
IE

.HPZGC#P[H(PR& OM3/2


-$A_.




8)D+;'*9V'^&EVAY+-
ON_S6 J

M.11#USD +'&=Q!O5%(ZLVN:*^(X\KL





9(%I*T









M9+@60&M6^E

%[O'Z9KZ87]X6
M9[!X_^[=[.9'_&UQ_O;R_

M O
9OO%^+M;'8MK_*H4P9CAX[I22R^RA80[\H<^9 PS8TW
*_Q[4[A6OS



(



MP.E]TJLD]

O<*<N !$HY(=+:
MWN0;-9M:WL9[(D EQ/+%&W]%GA2I4@*13/.$&
%I#*1' D$8;(*
YJPA4A5U


Z#D
6
M;7M=)(=+(D.)N ?=(D
UN08'2I6FJZ#;RD&2!7Z6?NW0A#B9
_M/
1AWIN)+
M




YDB*8R9(G*$I@DS.
M5A+\

/=



?B4
X3 ^V
MBX
R_13H;TG7%.#6

5$60L)24=\

M$]D 
.N%!(47

$!(&$Q
M0TG#43802=$*]=/+OM;*JX



__MZ?KF
MDT#C^]7M=_


M:T
#
!]TG/'_3'^-1ZZPY.1Q!VOE)!@A


)6F![



7[


 J%$TQ@
MUC4*K


/(I;U3!YVQ
MN0T(PD&W,^@6B48U6XTTB['@M<:0:MSPO<RH_%5R 5E2#SQC,_PH/&;07
MC#$6S7' !\GI8X[B%*-LT'A0LK3A

M_J@;5Z
]4
M&
VD82)
!1244@001SB($)-O 53&EI
Q[/!$B!(7T#&\4*\
M:-3S0^FDL1Z(:7AC_TR55FD9E?S;96(E6HD5$/TJH:+!);1))&N=P.,-)5
MLM-3M,%E,%*Y;/7LB&K8EK32*G!^J



%3+\%XD 4HXD'J6JEH@8 &
:]221(
^J#8= L4


AVO8OG4
M0HZE9\W+0=7R* 0A?%(KKU+0&*


M2F*= NJ%:'?!+FGEFIWBFLE
(*2-B

M@9$SYQDYQC7X8HU#0@HTMD#@!\H]( ^$ F


M@71K#HHCOP/&H[A5I^2P(L^A&MBMRGQU*5(%&E=)-4DVI'0RF!T

S9HZQ)LB_S%\.E[Y:7#/


MSEYJL3L1[Y1A).7P /$._?_2?;CR.3;/6C*P+*K?WLPN%[-33
:I&5M44LDU
M ?MM$3/3FFK5ZXCF*1Q;0%Q

MVCUA^
3O@


1U$+\!W[6]



M

CUR?X7

XQ92
(C6H#*H5Y
M7RALKC=S5M#I[-$/




:.RS&4$54^4T1U)Y7&$T$_3DHFB



ZBL!P$V'NVO?A(3YCF&3G7G RSZ43DH&DD3[HZR/4B@EZ2F2(@@
MATU.
OM:I@A6.Y&M;(/YF;^R_L6^_%)VT*-XJA1J.OA8-3I'HDO]1\R*
R
M!55*)N^Z[



C
M

2CG&V*F1T0XHHR;Q*5L/L\/)P0''D<GHA)2TJ(P
V2&F0%*@


Q91W3?'2H]+B.%)24
O@'E%U',*=C9)YSH'FLM+8X6JPFSTZ2Y1+H06%5-_)QK=2QK'9M+'75Z
M.V__/5EP\3T<MY/T1MV'PP?XA1+L/8QA%CXHFP=L?5!9E5+%(U*44+4
M$2;?4JU%EJ1=8S)


MYN%3'\F,GVKKH^N:XOD5.;Z$N!PFE6162@'!&G&X?C6ZI,2G*LK+1XNNSG(
M5FMH,N3EC9037*,?6BI&7ZI#U$0Y?N21HNPXSI:=Y0-.4T59B[.8ATD*=8:

R#6K%4:5--!Q1YQJ?WWXY*2!E&/]K=Y9*;ZNPK
0GG4P
M44G@'!F4HWPX7G(PNJ%ZC7Z0[92U4S
TY F=%JUF.J:W.2

MIWGC#!N0W

MDLJCE
CU(48(#BD5N
WUT5I=R#T9CJ2]UT%;L;Y*D.R/42MLO1C7*!*@O4E%
MD0 ]G%L0
@]H






8ZE%Q)PS'6




MCF!Z%
;6]





MT^ M[+_K;PL\8


MF0XQ9QIF&G4F(TS([72G8CJD-/Q.;P #30;.P0#6A.W'^&]_ *- JP/X!_K0



_D/!<TBG+^:16(



M


Z2@8WDUX()

LY



U!&'ZMV<EB=V$1OXW9C6-HZ]C?'4C-!/S;0T<IH;\;LC0C]/T]#@






E^9X(S$
MRKG26EGRXZWQEAQSQX5!V+O#9UW@7*0$+I\7\F5UE\)]LR:T4]=L'$YJU2:5
M83)]P OR0F ?O'\)UFH;.NX& ;528?%1+4H5W)(Z;?U-*SYJX_FKLDA.+JL/

5E1+)+4^C[7L3+X^M

]8[7S[4A?R'Z$NY%Y\NRBF


M)[3)B//




5=A_^K!*N







M\I'!C'7OP=#&-\LL[/9F=KF8G:*Q]IF*;NOY-)XJEZMKOGDR&-&;J%;1$47D





7@W*9)U7!#O07K8(/ZK /[K*4 WUU;/6G *K6JJ5Z5?5GE\.FV=3B^U/[
M(!

M?LYFOV481J^BX:LTS;[]?U!+ P04     !E@'Y*K$XIA#P   @  #0

K16U6

/ KUG!5+&
M!H%3[($TKHG6H


XPM!DP=F\O]N=BCWM3(#_''DF(

;\L&!U9



M#+TF*_

WN3D4I&7ZSB[1!1




MQR+_WO[8WS>%7G;%MSS33_>CR

M^VR XB+6!-(!D

_OR(0N&%4S%5J9\$\=.WA+(*P!YQ0OYZ*5!:FA$G*A4




 H$YF'U%
M
9%%;&:+P!S

=Q




KL'9D/2IIC(/9+9/3 ;DG2R(Y%[)/=7

\CE))RS*YR+KN*\ZSWEYN+II=+\P@6(BZ[AGF_$




MR^4J#-


M-1^TH@?=S@?=TH/NYH/NZ$'W\T'W]!9 AF7_2$-5]K 5P+WVL!8 M?; %D


MWG:%LQ)T6


M.P*](U_O/2.?+TCT#OR]8Y [\C7.P*]XQ7N*M%E)5_O/2.?+TCT#OR]8X3
I'
M1/CTAY3'OU!+ P04     !E@'Y*UR:<G=P!  !'(@  $P   %M#;VYT96YT




M?5W2GZ+9Y;(NJ+3%IDVWY
%Y
F6HB&+;Y*$RGLK'Z.MN]9[WP?AX9]K4F.T:

M ^L7'O
1J=\Z)96_&IY:G^Z'?;%^/7P_]

MRI09!4HL@H4606*K )%5H$BJT15:#(*E!DE2BR2A19)8JL$D56B2*K1)%5




              ( !M@(  'AL+W1H
M96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !E@'Y*5
 ?H:L   '@  &







4




M2F
9CSBU 0  T@

O

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !E@'Y*X1(]0K0!  #2 P  &0

M   ( &6 ?DJP2BIPO (  .0+   9                2$^  !X;]W;W)K

C









Q+GAM


MO2VV 0  T@


M970S
RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !E@'Y*XAXH&T0  )!P  &0
M    @ &

T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (

M971S+W-H965T






S@N



M;



M  @ 98!^2A5BOWKI 0  [P0  !D              ( !

M:&5E='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !E@'Y*@H
'4$D  
!P





4








4     !E@'Y*K$XIA#P


M8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !E@'Y*S:
18@
  @(@  &@




M

\P [_XGD.PG?H+P4ON9[K
M1O-BN*S0_QB^+



M_?UCX4SU 7

MR3_9$


V@N'*)Y(.&V13)



M_E=D+U+\MYWVKGT/
!6^7#N 1'%Y2Y&K-4AX6])*4D-CJ6&?LB'V^3[;+DCO

FCYUC$ST7HSRYLUW2GMNE\_GQZ'#3$
'%A3FTG
M427Q;\NXJC?^?D

MJP^HT&?AS%OWY)I!+1DD^ Z\J>/9D#R!P851,CM[_!:Y!/

R

MAVO%!*$CEQLI.@Q.$-G-Q8GSV@Z6OSY7@RZ*7PJ%]X[ (Y9^0^9
( O__T

&5[N5 2MV]:.LB0RFIQP%EU

MC^*@A10-4C1(T=!\T;#3$$6):F+KH@NK94+\Q*?(!K2Y#^UF\T.2;@
YN5+M


\:S'4_TG%I=

MRSVTZ]!
_WG=O8
F
M<QRDM/;@:SWV#A<FI]]MFF[/O0J((9#^;V]%Z3_GY\XWQ9V.-;CK'BNYF

0

M1A+.P0GGP&I%4D3*&GBF1EJ2

$YU URL(O+WL97


M%XKTUQGJ#;2H:P+[M*E-WJ97B?2=J8AMJ?N?MN/8YOP?7VQG[I$3U[I[].9F

SB'SRJQUX?5T;_03/Q(/%
M/V6GP-%6C

9M_CNUVA.?!/T^#)I5L!!







)\
@K[MOMCN:U IV
MJS\VFKKD&FERH(T:NLKFT.3:3.3IU(O<$*?$I#Y:;?2.LA2+]HPHP&B<N6J
M7Z/


MS[SH/IQ%SC(6M@P\CW1#!*O2G+4#7
:E-0:UP8O):V[H^2^_FT[$*(($Q'\B




MX


M:5(UPQCFIBXOI%1)BPJG[ZOQ/0?95
M0%=-Y$

%$VQPNH*N%:5O<
MEX$'K\)'XI\$ 0F#\KE=?!0@V!R

M8HQRR02O0ES3(@?[6^1P.-Q^D2O'@!#L([N8[@O(A\ !*M!?+D$[/I$&^K#
M$O$7LCV8 ]J GO8[T\&FX)]
IU&\XCF.)V1A0\#4W\5/CL$/\  )W-
$O\W

ZO_47



F2VBAYI:AB_



MM5HLRPW.!WU5N%O[Z67YYNVSZ5M7U+\
?L
B_
&ERU1)U4C@NJ9!K\I&8ZB.
M!)*N=R6%*IX^4A0YQ7'O\U/O!AD%:MY8LLZJ 5H;360UTDD4/H+;_&]BK0R\


MS_AA!@

J=/0=S_BMY5F[ 078[[(N. B:T/7N'+U_[
MWI.-N1G*S/


*)
M+&=R 5Y3G]=.#C'LQT^@_CJ_=$
2U\%N;!7V:V'X2*9;[@\


M/AG5MH;D(BF
L_%%%QWLUU'FVG
Z:-4)RUT:UO6)6.-DW80K[X9ML6+@3]'#

MGC;


M'%CDF?U0

M*\29.LQVJBJZ!S\9&&




MJ5+_ O.U-09I%E



XFL0.R&9O<#<45L04OL0Q6\'745A$)HNWMM@5T3*.:.K[JL
C6$]
M^%@%WD'6OTP






UI&)D.YDCIY;/5
M!G\





+$^WSIC8

M__E?$8#DH*T%)LTMN%@A^D 



DI_YVDQU0+:9;UH5LBRC79O^

\*OI)L4'_#SBVZ






=J*0;. ZKPQV#(9C52SGO!E NUO6^LU9

Y[ERZ,7*I:@<5YJT)U,JB
M1C/&8PU3B!L!ZX9R0],GNM:T)6PA!#1C--#Q1NK^5[0NSE%Q4PP\H6O6K:J








ZJDY9/5*2RW9;


L%VX&T


M


MI
2??E9F $ WL/]-\-E%^.YO#^'/?_M?FO$SG=&/AZ.T-C6=KNG8#^Y/2N@M


RF5.[L.0F4K^19N?'FIMMA7W246S!U

9E@S^W]TY3\K* EBK&(BM#U[J1$=GZ+ =DD0I!0G


?%?S-\=&8\?S




 E@
MD29/%[X%I-LST*%NR!.K

M





L:@2%-\%QG
S(-

%8-)RW. :
MJ8_
KH+@



[C[-!G


M&'M33AS@@.CA


%&$D!=E3@CCX:EO4QU+F
ME3MO84\5?:SBFMF


[05W,4#V^.9S$K4(4!E,
M029RIV%FTY9XRM3$0#WZ%,^/]O1168(B6DOB.[_!;X=M=(R
- SS*E(V$AJ
M]_QD5P$;Z

M41PU])/R)MQ
XQ

 \WPCM7YS@@+^R[LI32?+





LJ#;)A'X\'ZWYJ$0+SU5FYA0$.BV?
Y?R'
MZ@B;6JQ$6J8F\/N1WC%4E0[YWN@



K!:3RQJ7\*I'058


?NSIUR@7KV%_4:[EHG3&(Z /AU#@270I
IM.\]?\Z+'B5MS



&_\9Q'/W
W6C


6J2V9P

2EZEF7$1EDEC5:FI]L!Z

K$_/G





MN

XR+XRH


M0GPBAI(JL6P5W7[/2(KHLKA)3X^_8##P: \Z=MB0 #^ON^NYW^BEY(\=&V !

.:8TB27OE](D)[KD @


?A.?
MBOF10
%


/#LK25*0P=/F/_-DY6

 X=I7T'0S)]=.V_
M(L+#8G


-1@Y=]/6MP@%_= S04Z@?<RIH<GON_=8UL:=@360:;F4K2EZ2?(WVC





O-!^^:*VI&@
*--FY.;KI-L%S=79\./=@
ML8[])Z&YOK!Q*+*2U)K








M6C:



0KJS
MM$VZF6H*GV ^&PP!TE8*G/8)G$P
5?3S9IS:Z2TN5
RZJAEH GG1PR.+H+&]

%K73J1$5[M 3S5J)MYZ:/-_J9* !K5KE]1/-'6*P0??L$LF9*


M'.
!G



MMW8 X=8W6S#7'T%$

D#
 KN415]!R_%9GJ=XAMD/;=T


EMI?):4@
_RE?BNL


)/_:%B;.D!3;




MT5:E%SRI
@MIU


FD+\

R+7!:?@N?-




8[#%#3YS@I!L1 YO\Q&@W-



SO+T(TVGX^6N



YJ[
M(P\N*%Z2=T

3T




/&YCS^*RL(TA5%#?)

7RJYU
Q
M)I<=X-D*X9F\F21!CMXDU0P#$DRB=QDJ65Y<C+][[)P IH(-;ZFV='#%WKP
M(HX4FW]+.YZN.MWHU1CC27%6.@&G]M1CR2
ERVI+BG
&&('Q::X#PQ^-T=OS



M
_+24/3 1G3XBIY*;[M0J9N( 7R60I%FR=X3X038CG/?
DG% 6U!Y*.&8)4M

P*K





5J*LLW*
N$D
M[7/ []52](!BO..

MJ/X.Q

 HJRK


MI%2
I*Y#9F%6S+PNNNZ]
/3FA=++]9[!S__E'?MW[\@LEE\YH$1 NNQ2'*[)


Y

._I@\&


.MOLFO;ZZNSV_N_E!.OIXIY__OM\OK
M+^=?[TH M);(=I0+=A3IY=O#'3,CRX=U+5HEF'*CTH1LMAUNF
SU_)'HZ*&

M
Y7

/]--PPK;H.LB\ET;VWPG4&:\N;*;
M+E.F#I
R-=$Z0WW8) S)=+NVT




MM*3 YE+@8#+N#$95*T0VAP(/8
_+I29$K*[E!M
QKTT7K8XL;)=TD$;:(
M

SXOO$NB%/Q(UPC*OPD82G

U7.SB_.;V[.SY2;\]_/OWYCF2I7=_\XOU%.O\$/7^^4

M%9F$()
0#KX/+0-7DLV!]F&#V

MHP#6(JACBRR\P YE^[IF)R  ;W:& ]F\3M+.!B%HHZ

S3.N=


7MDZ[21?9^6
W
N^








\ R_3%Y6-SB

(+ 








MZ7X+HO!1N7# QK3

P&A60Z16^(+_1PTO@M










HF[ )EJUB


?(=7$H4

O

6. ^*R$UM3;)AG
M4=8Q?/6Y]1$SBZFXY-EYZ5HD@(VD;CFWA\[R]A %8[5-=%9@$R''VT$VQ$FA

M


M&)9!JAJ3SL  LF5;A=$3E
2H
V()6117.;D]5?HCM:NK77P9-'H &H%&
6'=

M/@N


5##683


AXQNF:Z]1U=[YIAN8-![^9HNV[LA.36/+





M;*/*G

[&G6@H3 
@J'=?Q/?*Z=3I!.UUZNV*43K


MF/I!DHXDG;I)IR8Y_6H]_4
+Y+1P2



/ R1L6-DSUV6M1CQ^@UM

K.KR=V3VI':M1
7
MX4RL-8
PW ')G%2*2NMFE_S_R@R8V3[C]:NH9T$)]M_K);1^Y=:!Y:3!5'M
MVFBN^:B0R-\K*@X0K*J2(D+W4T+\J\D/2;&V^9F&-]]HJT7O#^T[/I6Z5M
M,YG6=MBT-FW4T?MCK)S5-B2=+1O.AIV5'W20CJJ293OYFAZ=X+\


MXJ5G_!81G]-'P]Q3@YYRYV&%/GH9+XX64E *(H98(GHYEX!E!2P6OO?=GILA

5GRIH]@S)7(C@*C#BVTJX2/860^/
)@Q[-T5IR-0B#(P

M

MY2UHAU


SK58'4HL6


FJK2LT1U&[QB-*]VS?<IT\J *N4G1CQQ4?E'G4S#2$M1\R7%3'%P4


8 :+_S*J0
E+70*J]#:F0A[0-WOP)J)S:%

1Y$%/


M)J?]G;AL24K:TU*_%(9H0845[6R?]KJCS33CKJ(=UKN
UL@72OK2;D!NW
0T





!2BE:Y8N8<Z[+M'%


YE2-KO
*5I.J8:^Z#S-LS1VZ/\ J2):Q;!2_X;TM. 23


I


6Q




M3 1FO)035N7A;6[@
:QA
ZV\_UM+)P\/6!

A


MS#0'(\W8@R


(<WGOM70UL2 _<[0J'K!HW?&X5+28D/U3-^#T. :F]<


M\GI%

M)@X?+]YSTI*\2-$





LMGLNZ

42+
_/5HNKT/RMSTW^P825J-B#^KR@([=D+_])V+8(#JKV!


MW
1C6$
!U(%2S/!E:32?J_N4!MU8[H/

MB90GS017DHKT^[:




MYNXJ\/? *+N)61BU'VK8ETVK128P-*IK4E)

M/-7D?*[LC!0/M2


MQJUHI%:3EU3EB&XG#A

M&O9M+)2UW8_!4:IRKE1P\6U'=\!&N3M@NEY]5W9S36]32GWMDF2#F*H*J'7%


KZ56967M5N
M'U!M%2*B[L.O[+;S0V@KM5L=,K&:SLJ@V[.DD]JW&K
J%6Y%G8U19V=1)Y
M[4;IZM[JP&])V_UGXZ*3(VXWNI-C7M)TY
^7-[2$X]@+ _G*62*:JX9M(HKU
MPZ3GB^JOQ/G4+BMIT3GLE





M :^;ZO\:[:X7%&?A7XF

Y\$C&W+). L2/(6
A0

MQ_H\YG1K$

7YW%XD[
MFG &5\(K1UX




M\VM8#P%^)ZHB 8\42J)



+O(8C7=F/..LH4YT*:;E(]GH4!

M3*\]^BC-E 


@_&NPKH59F5$H0E?U


BQ\+
M%@YP
$ZTG7$*PR+6$ 4][J-1)(WRGJ4!U%L-F2/^2$J=#!'!+@0H!GC)%]#0


C1L'
BKVZWT9BS96=\]-WKR7XT]'WM:?FTU]RCSQ(EN?ZL
MJ4Q[*6,SY;+LVH_#,; @_6@\.LUT3/,3(^#6+/FAZ#2-&5/R7EKIJ^BJ5KU
M##SA/YI=?#(I]F8XG J^ICI)XE/EP)F_!W'8I#S SX/0]\
'U-VM)N[H7-I%


D]Z_A1K#Q)I=X@'6J]EDE?:@SZ&N(MF%2S@#;B5\
MIK

3E[V
AS5*WHL)'.

M
6%+51:@];#3J&BI2EE1;5%7']1U6XW7IE6M'74;
:)SR%23$2Z'IT$?_SG/K%WH <7CIBXF1LV\7*ZT4B^C-UT

M^KW%(*


-[FPB221D8Y5=6WY&CR5^ :2
U[8)LAD8A
M_



MS4R/9[\-6SURW]7/I96J&KV!/8P[S7W0

)! 'NP3$YCBPAR@@HA#S1WU2:.3




M.6N/R

J9HN^4GPY

M_GF-]@*I


5%T0LG%V4+3


MQH3/3J_(



6XA5[*<XM.FHVCU2WE;V!&9$G
K1D@

4]H'F&3EJ1OD*HRCL
M82]^Y?'32P9/5K/0M]?@'ZG$M#_
0WH]/4#BAUH/W5$OD








!3N0?$W?2EQ?I.N5+I=^D'MCT2-+T%#=&*=]YX12

MC3U]ZC*@' \

2EUF-[7



M-S/
OF!4*S6P;U+IX.1B8/H
7F6ORIQ1$;!A^(; ^6%,.LUS=W'UMJ+4)&
6IP\Z!!-H8++A8T(E







4A,VPY02N.%$P6ZT7

MD\.6QW'$W5@SGQP.QLN!HT?;CZIV2$'%Y 7Q

D6Q_P=P =Z

MC(_L4E$Y5IFKGU2
N7:-T-X8+J5X2IQ\-!B*\U?W%
%._R12A
M:[]37P


M)X7\*%.(2Q7/9]HTU-739VFKP+=JGW'8/'PWG3 E$S1.15]5Y%)00ONPITM8

4E4/ML);5SF3M;19A6T
9E5NF4#7JUCHE*'*I3_/MO^@+V4:XI@NI-1



S;2B*]Y

M@UV %K@I5:K*EDK3: .)$CN-*N8#@VDX
 N7&Z*+UORQ+NL
U!Y![5V5]U)X

2-E6.B








S1J1O-WJ]


0+0M BE^)QV



W*

M]W.+ZE85DY@P

5&K-3D&I



M'EH
46$R!RYJ

M+ T)MC602
+\FW&^3=2@3C27DX+-+(;



ME!S?A\FYF)1;S
G-YZOHU%R32/2FXQQTU
=8J)9M.T9.(?CX18F$9-6]





M^NMN/K5+6GJM9K/17
8\5U'F6P!: *Y/_&]'GW=?!VTG8)25=M8\-V%=T9P9

O[QL#[X-UM2%NFI
M8W+O N8T,P%3+#5^Q)
M[W9L

JS9:5QPCL_'B


MQ8A].6:6D822]2963@F?PDATJ60NTH=Y6D%QKA(%F=EK/U/*\9N18B:^#Y




Y


M7T.^Q8H7E4WPJ?
8Z@DXF_2SD:2?C#?*@E=&?6$_LY\UO7L-NRZ2*/#B)!(I
ME87=7

[A@7-P4C8TLFGL+$E0O_Y$

FL4R6QWCYWF2=FDIHU'
BWRZH^\@X[3



^L9-K3AVTK.0\W(M;#9T#R\8%^Y?;*S








LY.9G?@[CJ -R 66\C[C;8



)@#XF&?
X

MIPW4B959LGIE^4Y)\X3M/



-2


-L**86E*+BJ3J%T1L1?J+K8VJ[1CJ3A;&S5?1J]?:FU83JXRA[CZ
MK+#,7RLK-N1JD87V^\BBP6'8Q'!GBBX8WXH)7-YA%4:8?3 H[[M:EN3W+76
MD=

ME667?VRR7;5Z3AJ85A_&*8ZH[XPW,!.X(6QZ?5LF9X]E\YMS8^:..#55 E

YAVE.I Z]GR_G/
6UD4F+N0]PTE3DP\6FZ
M-Q/


%C$N5D]M55HE5UFJT.[_LMQJ'K<JQ[:66=S7G:_NAU&P<
MOW8G9\WHEXSQ(HP&PHN3*!/)UU82UV_Y+)[]7H'E8T%D0505&5PM WG*J]'W

YI*^?-7_Y*3_5(.J)






(8:(@[37BWB:CL&




M.!8X*3G=X^


M6TZ)XQRJPY%JS
$6PJ%$/^OJ
*0:4[!]:&@V.IWZ
:0:4[!]:*@S6W9Z\!83
M:_*6OWH
IB3/6L46UE;464Q83%A
6$Q83%A
6$S4SDPNDY[];



E<_XW0P



6$Q83%A
6$Q83%A.;)F4G

3Q_QO.AV


M$48//.K?XCVW
(+//OS^VW_^!X[OUQFW#WDD/G

M&'G_%OT?05]$N3==^3R0GQ]-M?%5Y+GBF@=WV1N9X.##]=B\&GO(@I':#O

MR60$;X'A2^8%@S :$6L8[X5)S


M^'$VV6;&7\


 2@&8J&
''
7F/%IK[E'GW6
ACYK




L_Z%6Z[]
V\[YFY%JH6*C4%RJY
ME







?V0C'MUY






$5_O##[&#%:11AZ $?]_DQNT2_X?2!

__+CY


G5;CZ'!);Q+^V2NR1D\ W?.]-HK
M^,M]W,84$KS9PS\*XR637 V:#'.Z@BFK_KC=:G]DMT/!N.OU/#@$0.^;GJ_
MZ+.!%_# ];@/-




7#/

9@@\GC$@\1/U[=#1


'?X8R%9JVK9=G'M$<9
MHU !(9\M*()J0I


PB02IH!2*
MH#O#?J*5MS;$\JJ@-6TNU





M/H *Q']=4%+ ?9QC+NEQ.!PU%7TP5V@D5
N!
X+OE1K
18P7IJAHF_1@!RSN

MX
. N6#H(:?GV5-U4@;I]+RX


%ZB?0(0%=VV1T;-5@;K4 S32Z9%3R
M0ZH3D#);LBH=###Z,]$^+*.MT&V%15AY,\%%EX(OGUFRF]D]!+)UP;83_ /


)?*8L/
M

MD

1
MPCR5X*C?#F@4/W7Q#/VLO47X&
J(&%+I2O<K8[<
J%SC3.K

6PG])56KM#-B[)F%_G#J:NQDJWP?FY\
M7ZCS@UK)6



M!KUY


Q?;BKS(I$NB#[][G(Y=$P=J#!]H=(R/7UW3Z ]

MJ(AR]95E59O)ETBBDZ-2@LB
?A^3/8J29)DU2
N3#BNH8R&6K*CP:8T50Z:2
M;I7#



M3(40V#/Y
F\.TH2[B;PY*8AW7_+10J'9F5(@?KI#/'A#^]:QBQE
@\G)*SR;








M^(GV;VUJ U]HZ);U?C.4Z/YO^MK5-X#+'YTQH_D;D?5D [C*@Z[^R^:RN&+:
MAT\LCH
CI]4^S*V%YX]&(0ACDTT.R(
[_H':B8_87QOL=\\?A8+6YNT0J)/L
M7

5!T



'KRA

M9&W3T'+G)(#Q#SM0


MO+'P7/C

[KO$)(O2+0O4U7KS?
M!%Z3M^W37FL^E04284F#-'!%&;A-$I=C44K&SY$/WZ.;2 3[/V[V?KL6L!H2


$%     @ 98!^2@#?=&Y)#@  /9T  !$   !C96QH
M+3(P
38Q
C




M
VKZ;L_?[W /B+I A5UB'-J5-\HV



11$#2.2(XT
9!F!5:]-
I7)E%!+.Q3Q#]$%EUT^@9CWPOE
MG2T2W@ 4M5!$#B2L.+8GF

M([9^2G(V]Q8SD/!DJJQ+\JP$+=FQ/MLH]ZF[1C;YG4T+/* 1]@R7[.BO

3&7@1#)4HQ*O^D3A+Q#

ML=_3&VEXIVL35=?;B




\ I$Q


;:HJ6[!_2+(;X X1-_XO@X6AO=.;9H
MT#!#8*1DI1BO%YD\=G#&XN]9 4P$A;2)/I0CVLI2Z -I87 -Y
!BO71G @


M:J.\08Y;XK



< /QVXE]*ESB322?+$8



M0;D8)2YCDDD=MMG\5KG/7+S(3FHIAHE+D52^&?VZ8HZG@C-+1T0@!H=+A1Q+
M!K=[.1T5+[=\*E *$7E3\!$)&6KXW2Y'MFH52F%F/$94
JYNK;O(@JY]TS

0

M0S0OC6C@N OD&EPOW.O?H1-VI@JKL!=//N[ )SYMGKX2)-%QP-SVSL&RA99U




MGB

W#?F9!CY58?H=M)\P66]\;
JP(Z$U

MR*;)HDUDS1 Q-?#'=L1'5NH6;R=KQB'(W)/3&R;/Q%_DWAQ-QA1VQ#+XEE'
M:*S:#8
 (M^A
/_:_;!$XIYBB[BQ7*JU:*I6QG/1&WGY&E=-%4PB?))]
MD+EPZ#F#8X?6(?MNY% DIS9N[.I(,Q0];\$INV;[3A(]5)+-Z5TU5E+%NN\7
M/.YP.,)8X$=_:('Q%+O[E?NH[]VQ#Y!^\.,^SK'_&AN(EV(GT]AADZ?D\IY
MNVR$D$YU\DN=T4
4H#ZUTX\G$T_??UQ3\P7GNS]52./P&A[VGV5Q5SW4&_

.XWMBI5'K7GMK&ZC9JP










MD5F$



M.4?$L1)4


J5UYLBGU25)H_%+
AB27AS%'GF(X'D ?2LQJ2I&;$V<IE$E%0-(*Q'QD/$B<@+LN*#R
MIHRNHKJ@6'V4%P4BBHKR#OD1+9QG2-YAFE:GDPX=JBR'X9K&-]HHH2LHEZZ
M7GMQ6I*18$:Z&\W_9)0+ZINEI-5H+[G#Z
^$/



@A(*BS\H)!B*NNPJ!FAO(H/5\.$*QX_FU)L3(W2!

GHM/(CZ@!\
RSJJZ%@+XKIFAL%D]5^Z?PK*W$ ZH;0%JWB IZ

MJ!L0M-340/(&1.V?)FJ_XFPF'/B#$S&40T
-?J7EBF/CI_U0/LAC.(%BM9T @1O.Z88C0J/(M0#



M*
PZA HF)29M1P4Q




;
M#JX([6QX470Q1%I%I.V7:6@F(3U[%J9FNQPE/!5_8ZJPCFYVX1Y9C\WL32
M

32V6Y^Z[:C&4?AQ8XM0:E=XAF&.)ZN4C%M$HMD



M5XPBA.-

-*U,GV9^6!S'
0


-UH
M8B


M?&$NNU=4[78645Q^HTA6.DY%XA [)TC@QGZ_6LWM/N%;TMG+V(NWM51?%%



MQ1DIR3Y0)2YM5V+'8&;WTE0QWZ/E[O;ZU*
ZUCM!/?45 /6I1S7VZ'.0Q32Z



3'LXMV;I[]

EO!
5T7JM8D-LAN?+VSHOR$K7/!M;(



.J6Z(T8FT-**GI4V=P4)X^QI?
M9B:;$CEOK 7-H-LR@(0



7IZ*X6]H#FG


TA#+3)2I3C&?

%)U*Q!02M!8O
]GL#93LU)UU7XK5L]VK@@T/YU,7K*SYX[<LJ


M/@9FC%&.H=_.KBRI
W$&$-)M61JL17Q/
_2%77R5Q$3R&R_PULEZ=]#8*)'$

M   ( &6 ?DK9RRD;X20  




*$B2D

M0JJ;[7=G\7)I!ZOQW0S?^Y@B:-




&DW\71B$1HH[2C*?*8(TK-:+22


ZJE8@724EA
=SP/;#^T'27W




M1HF9VV;#Z45\MP+

MAPE!]7SY).KJLK:EJ75
HCL[]J*]!^66/
LS_37V
3

MEG/6X6%IO_37K(MWZ_^==(XZ6ZKTC[;O=M9==#)]5


M4:0!_?$92

M\YN55]&\K9?[




M5#H:Q4QSL3 +1M=U$\W9WL3&[L#OV0\XLCT9

6
MJ_21:]F!S^YVRY J;G]3MP#@TC .=?8F,5FX#L!LD/41^O_+]KI3HGG79+@
MNQVX?- T.[KY8 9-Y=W4/O+ -%[\NT)%&ZK=MJ: .D#_N]NL0I&X:Z59K!9V
M@,)Q'6U-.@2(H!JMVGSD2J4B+MPFI]4@S,D=N/ Y97B@),W*^V%Z,1^I[\
M11BX4!O/J#*4O) /H



MPCD3T3+W9V:(JJS$$=HL_JMU3!%#KE?0YG,#E'0+5?;OQ JT5!W&&Y;P21


EYT
M9X

/K2F8R'


M

M10=*OS.UZ
B_M@I&T'#0O1@
!_
JY\10I]9_1J*S78F&=$UEBTZ/2C68=T;C
MN?4


M]N?QL&]-9W]/UM

0G+VMQR%
MK#]9G3KXSQ]DI
2A5/71@SO!K^./52[?/(PMI\=[GG 9U][R.18WW
D-&
MAIP7D?;-JN=2[9&&#




M/A




M@NT!%$E4L%B!T+K
ONRV


M9$N6@

MCPO-6RGL8CM8L3H):@%



=Z['8'@[M7XHA!WV


5Z.$#J
'S-!$\CXV$Y4]

4=J
HP+=QQ'RF

O-'QT? \IXQ/ NR([DT^

MN-[Q.P8







M'DRN6-3F)2H%

P 1^U/'<#01I:JL9
^Y<@I]5]



67_1@)JY(;4^M;[O+GASDDAHR:




4KV@7RD[?RV/N(V^E\B9A0RNBI]=8P7#6$
M4C@)


MX]Z_N+4
VB.K]LCJ+W!DQ4*=[:
M@&*T[:
M[:
M[:
MI8Z#6N.*
^2P#0Y&

H 2L=


M@NQF5 $I9


M(/D:M97/.C$TO:JJGW4BFG60K-LXP/?8MSWVVW6&NS*H!:1-PY$K @^ZDC.M
MDAW(SITW7NY;05/ ZA:SS+5'1F=&=F

M*/M



MGF]9P0 ^6)\\-KGZ-!M=;^^

5W1GG

36M 7(H3=@CO86-@Z7M_T&&5GM3H2R[I6YY_H6IE,O+7/T6KB

MWFQ;;[:M-UOJ.*@U%-]U'W%(@M4
!8_80:%B(5
QE:G-8!D%3!4DXVX42X[J



E

+YPRTTSI&!.^W
M[G=F\6V(76P'JYGM(;7W+_@DL V55%9H*5 I-MD(S)RLR59'%5I#VU0I#$1;


M%?P$#TN6U;(/CAK]
@ET[/80!^Z)2&7ODC0+19X$

MQ]I+L+P;\%CK2\
#U^S[!
DR=&&'28H8NUEJK_7[G&U^L7II
K%721K&=U;#






)H3%[Z6QWIYRA8M(JOMF
P9;=:+#]&=+G6%3'/Y^

5
M*'U%WS.YMCH+Y,9)#LG^PEVL\N+)3@XJ_BZ<DXA*Q^CN8ET+FLTX'2E9 Y+:
M&E5\S-R)33W#2,71* 6O9NR]]UP3I/4HJOB8H0HD%0Z1T@:C#%PIVU-'XV0


I3V.


MG&1?VBK7&A9E2)6JPSGJRIYS0\W2Y VR;:H.=%4H#;X;#2K
YJU HR8U);




511J)R*4# -[%E8@1YPUH2CIWICM
RW:H





M))BAX)$NT/MZ$+E^X(\*?7%X^*;*U? R@#:_9_]A91+H;_X?4$L#!!0    (



DE+0_SHMR4[IGT[?OCM]__:;SUGP13D
MK ?3)
)+O$)

MO?T-_= _%7^^]AYP] 6BE)^6
ATG=YG8D_EWN

M&M$_7I-_-43$GW

M64D/X=^BAZI=WK/DTQ(%&F0ISI)=ZF.C@:UKH=.3A72;B%!3YP?'IY_NOOCW


5FV6#$9%:N2@M[JD4B?V(UC$1DQ&)3U2=AQ<BD92E8E
MI:-X


X(L#^DR6XK-U%24FN6J4?8RB!)Z)Q#1D.X
M-F((-:K($:.?Q.IDV/_F

(
;;Q.3)F&D8X^#R.HR)]W9.]H:A.CM6

!V75RH*\\/([%3


P=BBC$W!^$(B<@Z)/LHZ)ND 5+;L=/?4QQQWV=\2&ACB[)?JNO0QKG'-H
M
%G#AK8%5!Z.6@1E?

M@.H5K;.ZKI


?22 W$6V+=9:')%_D(DW28QA;3.C18QCY-;+2KQA3=;
M1 S.H68B91MOG!3M::=UOC_%*7X

QC7E
%O!=S_T7$:'M^)18T'8PJDD%!D52T81AICTEJ&2LVS1\


M7S6NELOIK3KA?6(W'' 9

[&8#
 M$1;KQ-LI[- T2JXN60+C&
M4E7[W3E2%$)UEB6* TICWWB\_=[

VGT05^1ZDF^9'?M
MFJRKFBO?Z)]Q/G&FUZV3%%(0(T:-QJSM;69WYE9YG<@+/
[ \O\#KIE?M=G
MF7_S/;7
;[_YW1L72_=[


77AJ'\:/X+F$?L=W*HBJ!FU5$
M191@8*443^ @[38[7B'T J]?\1:VI*03^F(*<YX.R360CL2X:IP3NMWYX.N
M$*KSV/A[-*D[+!GNOX11%'J;/WT



M$ZRF7C2/ _SYS_A%JER'SBXP)&(VD=$B @0-L602;!3$B%$C0NX':4=HT%J
M@5K-GVUA02148'Z;R!&7B0=+&@-Y&^3[U:F[NY?-0R+2H?6[K7$6BE4.
M=.-'$

M

M*AD1YW0'J!^3:!?G7OIR%48X%;W%+:&SR)F$W@M(@  48LF10H%3EB] XC

4$6..#TJFG&'


]5^1O(E=&06L[_B85
MMQV#ZQ0%*?=-)87+'G+D)RC
4]:F@$0 \S-4HWB.F(*L9+1080+6W9^K#
MXC.C(V6$MS46J^KQT-LDQ5))F:L3E[:T%!&^.&@L\Y]@8(VRW26+#24L 5
M,RJYT5]+?BYMK
LPWG6 \
VD=4$;J& C8SM!@48$ G%ZIP^W-U=WM]!@D(1
M'M!1(?6/C DXG;QT2($!A.Q=+*#(_Q_!X&;
Z];$W_/WUXZ
F+

MFG \69@]CR;I 9
&K-X]




7=VAV<X'N[A?G?_[3XOKB<GGW);K\ST_S^Y_ 054OE*EB


MV)



MA?;E
'0YG6-KD+C=9]0+A*6\ 4&TJ[8
PS!EVHNMZS55;^ETO$+V[E&U5\-F


R

B1R]93B?Z$/KWY





E+B6ESN4:8I)B8)@MHK/67$^L +IFF


JK_JL3C%4X^S!KKN



M^Z)Y(Y1B\KN B84L;EF-4C H$(L5W=EREA!UA02,#ZD29;=ILE*FDK1H+ )
M(%H=3#4?H9ULM@5K(T$1H&VC 0&#.YP1-I\G
7!1R_]&=.G6HJR53)#J&P
MNJKTMY86Z348&Q)KXB=7&S.P

Y/3D[1HQS\:H##3Y@X%ML

MBHC05P7/UT#NO
WC')..R@NQZ$UV:0!



#B


7/\%AX]K
LEG9-WP'O'-CM;]6*Q8%EPM
M8YI/(N#BS#:Y=*$UZ&-V43Y80K7P3ZL)3[^X/$;Z.^;(R@GK565IZIEYNA






MJW:/Q8

2?


JQ%FN&OMADV UV5U
MC3R9



L![0# .7]:AJ%H]N-0


M5S8$ /



M
2YP#\^0-8!*=YLF=
4-SEX^D;W9/*[*^





M

M]-99^?


FQN@6L7!DU5+M\T!9F YD[^X*D.X(LH3N@^ BLAY_$0\AR25WT;L
MX7&+08'X:O#5&.CKBMLM]H9IWB!BJ_;%&^]
+@HSIG+I\+B@#T.
&/F6[L_


^J_/-UC!Y!=!C*-M7LBGSPNP!
MKEPOEI@X.+MJO3CG=E]N/P]OSB$DC9568%2[+:B@-55 $.-.LI LVT&)XI2W
M)' C:K$#&+[$88?\DV0.'%

M Y@N SM$8]H8MNQ\D9E$G;[LJ;!L%=YQ/_$ RQLM_B^[


M@-6JE
<C$U[FZK3IP2!30\C./<DD
M39-GBJ]='.4ABR3Z(G^-ROA6YP%G9_L^9.M[0]&/A;XFVQ!5FL-/&G9K&)
M/QWAZ_A3T4/;&6K(VH9AQ4+SB[-UDN8HQ^F&@3 #C<+ZGM+4=$:V]5#YQIS


MRMPUHP[ RSC65X ;:L+%V1O]Y*Z69)'0LN6X3@MY*1;(V0%90:Q:A6$@[+!-
MV0[NV/:KH^_33^*^):9+M+XUK9H%CV\#?H
*8([8!9'-#_H2'M)^*XT
Q







MW\$@1B!4]VHN)X$!@=LJ[B2I$$T\!_X'3$9

6/L'&J69;L-#MI/)$MHK!ZLB,1KG)/4<# 2R157[*7[(B/






M#Z;-[_YD5BZQ1*

F5$+=F]+


M'-* M7CM(




;![&+) \XLZCP(HV\A


M=]^4Z;?!([1G;?






[PG0?\DMM)S#\OK7

#!5E=G3

 @T%EM7K


:A?OQ7@\^NBZBI1M-3




@=S]N//7.-A%.*-7\&LY


JUQ(]!SF:^3OLCS9X!2*32XT6*RJ%+WBY8Q[*K

M5RD1L/MXP:%94V 5A

K_XK7OI<@8PH-214@5$?\_?
M0$
S.VGW.5JA7UZ^%CE;RS)%*&)X#&=?RRH8^B)#VG2C7D=KKS8XIJW!P;O

M9C8







8AYO=9DE6=2\J
Y*)25ML
4T(B1^O

M3
X1ND




MLX\S5D[[ZF)^CJ)P$P))&IQ%4?+LD4$C_B&[*+':166RV+Y(;I$*(^D.PS:L

MP4GM9*G@PNK)'6HPD.L5459!^06EG! &HJ1IXI\R3/!_':YDNTDM3A I_5U5











'O6@(
MACD4IRK6/


.T/(3??0\:PQ7DT@RB36W

M1Q-4MDI











'J

D;T752

MYGE





M

M?6$/1GO


' TE[D3.F*DB%4^IGD
MM

#0\
M





\%: QH@.ZV_1#T.;0L(XRG5EF





M(W(=1Q)2



ZLW22
MK\&:G%.J*)V3])%[0+-Q+ .U#+.?KU*

MIYHE!3M58BHBM 1S^#^)UU[6#+6]PVQ^]V@7154W3KZ[K'_4^4RUK:G4BRWK
P1Z/G84DU2KP\:\FO^TO%/
M1QWUA!503GD:=?USJ/8]]/"ZG3%-Q'[Z DJ/DO^L?\P^BO]-J^_=^O;DKS
M^\W3#V#YG2.=R

MXY@PO(XIURPV\%-,MD!X1?.J9II^BJZ:I:L







MRB

*9
M:$J7T6MG\]E0@*.9S(



MS((@I/_PHHLP\Z






M8_9








MW)5[+%UFFT@T4Z@.1#U.



-)@2K=FWR;\W!')IZ$71_*)VH0
M$5ZMF+[)D7$1Z+_ZPD5@ 75^^?$%*H5RY% M2WO_T 5-E23F(B9AP\1ODV+

6

MB&-KD+SHB609:]=^3C\(F;A6SWD(5!Z*4O= #Q+SMB(
CH/M$K )@YP]@C


MD^G\XBJ
R9PF?M?U];G
;Q$0P1HJA82=.437+V+4

MPWS-/ ZR2FV]V

MD#F?AQM'851%=PR P+&-^.L?X!GIFX#VSW7BQ03@A;E[Z;/BFGRPAMI
:%.+

M_):_=
;:C!W6D ^2O1
@J)ROM&2E

MR*K:$3-0GJ01K?
JR TR6!4\/.S.<TT@@INWB$[IV

MIY %9DK2?YS'3Z$9&G+O(A-57J4F7MDS_J$B[^MB'.Z/],D(C IV:FFA[(M
M]L-52.UM8^=*FR(.:Q@U*1AR:X8&4#BS,/EYZ$;K;V?XI3O%CF.4XK3J5






MAO-&JB0ER&K/)%9.(!7NN/!9%F-OU3FDQ0T-:]^/\[%7@E!]33L0142TB.*2




+^[C/Y'_N?NR. 
YX;='/GMD*XM/-7;G[[_^/;]Q9?M;%#R
MGPF[6K(BWZ53A6[?7[7DA;HEHIY)_0^&YE(^3HDI)ALL;P71_%Y]@K.JED4




!KSXK+# :




MQG$5_^*A!M)2W11G/&SA\F+S@99A?W6 ;N'WI3HR-S;Z

HRS4[CQ0.J

FH[XF&*5 VM+JC45U @JGQX1@-RY/

Z@05=$X[6=Z[X+JUIS\==6/W




G5M3
M-8YJ1A1
KB:%]#W;\_)MTON$Y0#N'[D2#=B 9@ -Y2'2MP?Y7'#*AN$%7-




J



M 4%A@-=O5#1!-W:%HV@LI43Q-HYJ8X46%.P+ *_O#*F1=!L$1 ,1E+$T)4

&&&)_+\')=%UHX(1-4
MO.FC!3HT0A'5P\)82H\



M:+ !@H.)M.WA+GG9B)5^1
6/J@:@C!_9F&H-&*&#/$)U\;2&A&[(B06'
S(C



M4#/-HGA\B1@=W^-]_I@

MK3DCL+#]*RVE[+Y.AUN]A6BW*





M4^#VZU4MMFM:#2*[VM$SD(]$Q

M&V40)T

M
C Q-C$R



M\M








M+[^(YMI]J. +O7[@5SKB;C)\+^POKN;^I
=L?9)$0S)/;W:__ES9(X;^C\
MW[
_


M]@NI-@%#E\YFR69T[UKK:O87F@#9_@$3VRNI-
'NG3_UW@EMR_V96(%0\/FM


OF;C9\F-\Z?*=WA)(Z2U&NJH4+[).P'10?5:1K.$).'OG0/


MW






M0-%XE:
%?Y




#SA V^VW



;CC/
M/L5E'W

MKSQ%62\!DH
I

'@C;
MPD)] _O6IL.RZH BHAO'SCQSYI3!4M'4=+16'4RX%.
 A%/
00:.I)OI**PZ
M0($X@0.T8BD'&5J\]J:#K^K )*8=!S[TD!X0B]V6I_]?=92=^:Y[[P=?K4#@

4HEN

QZ0SL;#^P^$4@56DV@5=@U*L)5[HTA


M?5'G!XT_/]; *44_(#A
V_']UYSSE&^1N!V
OTC6C&1, 0':GK3OI&[[63I
MX*;WB[5#8GYYB^)
EU1
8RX1H(F!AZM-M3HF)48,;JR!/1I@EED[EX5OA\
M[_I?.=5_/RJDW-&1.NE0')K
I0II=)5]#*[&+()30.?K=S+N]='NL




M+P\UWM\JCV\\)+^Y&]R:O
:!5FPA'+NLC2K+GZ6


-A G)[:+7

ML';Y'E!@S^T@;=[*5W&J_1;^-/;IVOW#Y4J;LU.K7#7#];:?0!D+NMZ2_1_S





LU=G

\N/%Q%


MC/YE


M4]*G&:9.5COIL-QCY4#Y+K.AX4WNK9+BR)


:UGLYN@5E;H*'YM6^

J9

:APGX1*B9]*N9N/B

M]


M(=XYUK

M3AARTQ3C2$2]C


QX;@6Z\QK[SQ^

M=S&L4C)



!1B.$QI-OJ01@Y&[J9%F1T%MN!G_O$ DDUH3A F)
UVQ#-




TQIOC898/([ [%$@\OADEOB#\GCS [GQ
MDW2#0H?'+0/B P[(#I%ZJ=\7@\H4'A\

-PV)_ 

G8'OT3_:)+
# ^.J/A(4







M:7ZID(]W6 ,:C^ZK +1QFMF+LV3:%(=I7:%B9/^8U%%1\6*B[TKE@N E
MB#%HZ 74(LY F%2X!NZG)=V

M?K6M)9[&I07LDCG5/W


-F\1




M6(;LD



M/
_




51
M4D_7+[\G$ 0LRNIPBO:?)P^MNE@$(5-2E.,Q$8R523
NLB#3ZV

D@UCQ0D24V9@*(3#9QH


V[2VKR



 [*UG.7N


_1#L<M*3W;7 1&GY[%^\FZFCVPU93$;50+E39-GN)#8WZ_]

NU$5$D' G&CX4NGLKH(TXR6;[*\OOA4]@A,IH/9
MXN?$$S#XQ^-P^L\ !AN

S=/#YV[@3A7RDABH\V4C6O'6F&&7!9\^
M0

M'!SZZ!DIK&
8=_T

!YGP(!1NP)3@<$\QZN4*Y.HD]E=
S0\=

_TZ'HY7'3&
MD\7@<+:\H0OHJ+N@^FTRSPX&!;*+ ?N+9MA^RI?'
6]
&0GM#)I! +&-4L$



M**;/&F!1J


M;B$ARZ$71D'
*
Y6'1; J#J.Z:0R
*+U&*0M$W&?88KNNRK)BGJA4SO8\7
M]



D'0SO5.3R!MLLX;1\7Z-F+I&




MXV[E+4


M1CU6O%$E*[_&2+B3]FNS1M/V6#2CVM@8?ZKK1C.Q/GS5*=H_K;E6IWB6IU


MHE;J9GHC4A

M^R7A(.+0EY:Y'8 H?S2.LH3D]F.:-V(SLB2;[;XX)=2$%WL!T?W1.+H0XC5M





A%=MT]6?6?M1)8K
MSCJL:FGLP@? 30%I.([%US3!:YH@%@-?@^]2X% %9EW3!/6D7+6E3O?I83
M:GT#8M

MLV4F^NY57MD=U!F'=0
M/2!ZFDS]U( ;I (\J#
.W!3D$PHFNCKQ=S'E@..M
M98M2L9WIE4A!!@O85%.
(/SFZ$/JQ=/'M-@DLZ32-&/\



X=U-7TYKJ!

MDK@2!R]!BZ&:&[3

M$[*G _??3E)9A4R7=3*=?0WF.XQZ'

M08M55??  0A?K(2@H*M

8'+^;QEU@[2%PE6
ODKP@:@#(4AG ;.Q7#J6O9XAOI
M0X1+=7OC)5G 8E@*BA(Q (?U8^%$CI)[&&N%1*] 049YB:.H\[H?D[2P


M;HWY()X&Z]9$)
  %?+*PN;K:%Y+QLL+6R^+.?92@LWEMED$[(,[RG!30M




K)4U0IL!





9





V(R/_!

VM23@
K95



M0^6_^2N=%LN_K!([R!W)X89V5B.1_68E3[4?)DM_B14$+6E4^[UX9@A&C_

Y[DG RX?@=)O 9*TA@JPG@ZY3I-Z

_IZ+ETT

MD




KP_*


#





6




/

1UJ=

M9%F^9*$=C@R))G2[2!F6]
/]M$KW3 )P1NC2_BK%BX? 2%.*74CL[]?^RYLE

M19OD6QCF;17;2HS-SUA/UE.O?^]X%C5L='LPZ@G#Q:N;&CM]EQA4OBP7$8=C
MM[S+EY]:0?2ZPOI

JR2ZO:X@!'


O]Z)FY
M<#D;;GYSTTEU7!==O<MHQ;'LI/
DHK
C/'/I=

9
C2$5()Z[Y&+\%)+?
^1:@F


MPKY)B?DH-#3B+J8CT:OE(E=( D R#K.2SC0
8[+LQX'CK=-W&Y.7&L?D:_(O
E-
M?A-@SN_2FCL?*=D7@NP)KZA]I@VCPS.^GP

38Q
C
Q7V1E
M9BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !E@'Y*[).^)@)6  !_Z00 %0

end



