

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-15-002913
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20151013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20151013
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			China Ginseng Holdings Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001338460
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54072
		FILM NUMBER:		151156325
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1562 JIE FANG GREAT RD 16FL ZHONGJI BLDG
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1062-1063       NANGUAN DISTRICT
		CITY:			CHANGCHUN CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			130022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		0118643185790039
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1562 JIE FANG GREAT RD 16FL ZHONGJI BLDG
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1062-1063       NANGUAN DISTRICT
		CITY:			CHANGCHUN CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			130022









     










 D.C.&nbsp;&nbsp;20549



&nbsp;
ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


 2015

&nbsp;
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OF 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934





CHINA GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC.

charter)



    
    
    

    
        
        
    
    
        
        


64 Jie Fang Da Road
 Ji Yu Building A
 Suite
1208
Changchun City
 China
 130022


offices



the Exchange Act: NONE


the Exchange Act:





issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the securities Act.&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;


pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Act.&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;


reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days.&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;


and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required submit and post such files).&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;


to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of Registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.&nbsp; 


filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.&nbsp;&nbsp;See the definitions of &ldquo;large
accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes&nbsp;


held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of December 31
 2014&nbsp;(the last business day of the Registrant&rsquo;s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately $398
460


 2015
 the Registrant&nbsp;has 44
397
297 shares
of common stock outstanding.&nbsp;



    


 We based our market
value on the closing bid of our stock in the public market which was $0.01 per share as of December 31
 2014
 as well as 39
846
047
shares held by non-affiliates as of December 31
 2014.




    
    




    




 INC




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Directors
&nbsp;&nbsp;Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statements Schedules and Reports
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    





    
    




ITEM 1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; DESCRIPTION
OF BUSINESS


 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
 together
with its subsidiaries
 herein referred to as &ldquo;we&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo;) was incorporated on June
24
 2004 in the State of Nevada.&nbsp;Since our inception in 2004
 we have been engaged in the business of farming
 processing
distribution and marketing of fresh ginseng. Starting August 2010
 we have gradually shifted our business focus from farming and
selling ginseng to producing and selling ginseng juice and wine with our crops as raw materials
 although we still maintain our
farming and selling ginseng business. Through leases
 we control 3
705 acres of land approved by the Chinese government for ginseng
planting. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forest Bureau governing one of the farms approximating 700 hectacres (1
730 acres)
of land notified the Company that this lease is no longer recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and
planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of this farm.&nbsp;








the approval from the relevant government. Pursuant to PRC laws
 a wholly foreign owned enterprise needs to apply for and obtain
an approval certificate from the competent approval government authorities (the Ministry of Commerce of PRC or its local branch)
and then a business license from the competent registration authorities (the Administration for industry and commerce of the PRC
or its local branches) before it legally starts its business operation. Each foreign owned enterprise has not only obtained the
approval certificate from the competent local approval government authorities but also the business license for the competent local
registration authorities.


 2006
 six PRC regulatory agencies
 including the Ministry
of Commerce of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 the China Securities Regulatory Commission
 the State-owned Assets Supervision
and Administration Commission of the State Council
 the State Administration of Taxation
 the State Administration for Industry
and Commerce
 and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange
 jointly amended and released the Merger &amp; Acquisition Rules
which became effective on September 8
 2006 (the &ldquo;2006 M&amp;A rules&rdquo;). This regulation
 among other things
 includes
provisions that purport to require that an offshore special purpose vehicle formed for purposes of overseas listing of equity interest
in PRC companies and controlled directly or indirectly by PRC companies or individuals obtain the approval of the China Securities
Regulatory Commission prior to the listing and trading of such special purpose vehicle&rsquo;s securities on an overseas stock
exchange. However
 the 2006 M&amp;A rules do not apply to any foreign owned enterprise.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our PRC wholly owned subsidiaries
Jilin Ganzhi
 Yanbian Huaxing and Jilin Huamei
 became wholly foreign owned enterprises before September 8
&nbsp;2006.&nbsp;&nbsp;Therefore
the 2006 M&amp;A rules are not applicable to Jilin Ganzhi
 Yanbian Huaxing or Jilin Huamei.&nbsp;&nbsp;Tonghua Linyuan became a
wholly foreign owned enterprise after September 8
&nbsp;2006.&nbsp;&nbsp;According to the 2006 M&amp;A rules
 where a special purpose
company is to be listed overseas for transaction
 it shall be subject to the approval of the securities regulatory organization
under the State Council of the PRC.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Under the said rules
 the &ldquo;special purpose company&rdquo; refers to
an overseas company directly or indirectly controlled by a domestic company or Chinese person to realize the interests of a domestic
company actually owned by the aforesaid domestic company or Chinese person by means of overseas listing.&nbsp;&nbsp;The current
shareholders of Tonghua Linyuan are not the original shareholders of Tonghua Linyuan before Tonghua Linyuan became a wholly foreign
owned enterprise on January 15
&nbsp;2008.&nbsp;&nbsp;Thus the Company is not of the opinion that China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc.
is a &ldquo;special purpose company&rdquo; as defined in the 2006 M&amp;A rules.&nbsp;As a result
 we believe that our structure
is not subject to the 2006 M&amp;A rules.




    
    


Yanbian Huaxing Ginseng Industry Co. Limited (&ldquo;Yanbian
Huaxing&rdquo;)



    
    

000. Yanbian Huaxing is operated to plant ginseng and our revenue in the past was mainly from the sales of ginseng produced and sold by Yanbian Huaxing. With the shift of our business focus to canned ginseng juice
 we have started to reserve the high quality grown ginseng for ginseng beverage production and sold only those not qualified to make ginseng juice. However
 in past three years
 we were not able to reserve any grown ginseng due to various reasons such as extensive rain and typhoon. We plan to purchase high quality ginseng in the market to produce ginseng juice going forward. 



- Producing Canned Ginseng Juice.



    
    

000. Jilin Ganzhi is operated to process ginseng and produce canned ginseng juice. Jilin Ganzhi started production of canned ginseng juice during the three months ended December 31
 2010.



- Growing grapes and producing wine through a winery producer
 currently inactive.



    
    

 2008
 we acquired Tonghua Linyuan from two PRC individual shareholders at a price of $1
000
000 with an intention to grow grapes for wine production.

    
    
    

    
    
    
 the planned production of wine and grape juice had not been commenced due to the poor quality of the harvests which were not suitable for the production of wine or grape juice
 and therefore we decided to abandon the growing and harvesting&nbsp;of grapes.&nbsp;&nbsp;On June 30
 2013
 we transferred all assets and debts of Tonghua Linyuan to Mr. Wenkai Wang for $0 (zero) consideration
 including the ownership of machinery and equipment
 the right to the use of the plant and the debt of $2 million of Tonghua Linyuan
 effective immediately. Pursuant to the sale of all assets and debts
 Tonghua Linyuan became a shell with no operations.



- Marketing our canned ginseng juice



    
    

000.&nbsp;&nbsp;Jilin Huamei operates as a sales department for our canned ginseng juice. We commenced sales of ginseng beverage in October 2010 and&nbsp;Jilin&nbsp;Huamei started generating revenue in November 2010. 


Hong Kong Huaxia International Industrial Co.
 Ltd (&ldquo;Hong
Kong Huaxia&rdquo;)



    
    

 2012 as a wholly-owned subsidiary to sell health and specialized local products. The registered capital of Hong Kong Huaxia is HKD 1
000
000 (approximately $129
032). Hong Kong Huaxia began operations in April 2012.





wholly-owned subsidiaries. Below is the operational status of each of these businesses as of the date of this filing:



    
    

 our revenue was mainly from the sales of ginseng produced and sold by Yanbian Huaxing which consists of Yanbian farm and Mudanjiang farm. In August 2010
 we shifted our business focus to canned ginseng juice and started to store fresh ginseng for producing canned ginseng juice. Qualified ginseng produced by Yanbian Huaxing has been and will continue to be used as raw material of canned ginseng juice and only those oxidized ginseng not qualified to be used for canned ginseng juice will be sold directly through Yanbian Huaxing. Yanbian farm&rsquo;s harvest&nbsp;was substantially complete by December 31
 2012.&nbsp;The other farm
 Mudaniang
 will harvest no ginseng until about 2018 due to the damages caused by a typhoon in August 2012. However
 our decision to shift our business focus mainly to production and sale of ginseng juice remains unchanged. We currently have stored sufficient ginseng to produce approximately one million ginseng juice cans and we plan to continue purchasing ginseng from the market as raw material for ginseng juice production.

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    




    
    
    




    
    

 2015 through resales of cosmetic products under the brand of Aoweisi and Ruiersui Capsules.&nbsp;The focus of Hong Kong Huaxia is sales of our ginseng juice in Asia market.

    
    
    

    
    
    
 the biggest online business-to-consumer and consumer-to-consumer platform in Asia. Because Taobao only accepts stores with a domestic business address
 we established Jilin Huaxia to facilitate our expansion into these markets.





 through
 we focused on the farming
processing
 distribution and marketing of Asian and American Ginseng and related byproducts in the following varieties:



    
    
 For pharmaceutical
 health supplement
 cosmetic industry and fresh consumption.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



705 acres of land approved
by the local government for ginseng growing on June 12
 2005. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forest Bureau governing
one of the farms approximating 700 hectacres (1
730 acres) of land notified the Company that this lease is no longer recognized.
As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of this farm.&nbsp;


We have started selecting and reserving high quality ginseng produced by Yanbian Huaxing to be used to produce canned ginseng since
August 2010. Meanwhile
 as there is higher standard for ginseng used in canned ginseng juice
 we are able to sell some of the ginseng
produced by Yanbian Huaxing which is not qualified for use in canned ginseng juice to the market through Yanbian Huaxing. Meanwhile
we receive orders for ginseng and its byproducts because of our reputation in the industry for selling high-quality ginseng. We
intend to maintain this part of our business even though it is no longer our business focus. In addition
 if we receive large orders
for ginseng and/or ginseng byproducts
 we will directly purchase ginseng and/or ginseng byproducts from the market if we can get
a lower price of the products. This part of sale of ginseng is generated on order-to-order basis and conditioned on whether we
can get a lower price for such demanded products in the market.


 we produce two types of canned ginseng
juice.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 we started storing fresh ginseng as a raw material in a
rented refrigerated warehouse. We entered into a 5-year lease agreement with Meat Union Refrigerated Warehouse for the rented refrigerated
warehouse in 2008 for the rental of 160 cubic meters with a monthly rental of 57RMB (about USD $ 8.1) per cubic meter. In October
2010
 we renewed the lease agreement with a rental of 4500 RMB (about USD $678.86
 approximately $4.2 per cubic meter) per month.
The principal terms of the lease agreement are as follows:



    
    
    




    
    




    
    

 Meat Union is required to keep the temperature at 12 - 15 degrees below zero
 if there are any changes of the temperature Meat Union needs to notify Jilin Ganzhi immediately. If Meat Union fails to notify Jilin Ganzhi and consequently caused the molding or rotting of ginseng
 Meat Union shall be responsible for all the losses. Jilin Ganzhi shall inspect warehouse temperature periodically.




    
    

 2010 and will remain valid until terminated by the parties
 monthly rent is 4500 RMB. When Jilin Ganzhi vacates a warehouse
 both parties will renegotiate the rent for the refrigerated warehouse.



consideration of 9
000
000 RMB (USD $1
472
128) under a written contract dated March 2
 2010. We paid 500
000 RMB (about USD $81
785)
on June 24
 2010; obtained an 8 million RMB (about USD $1
308
558) bank loan from Meihekou City Rural Credit Union to pay the seller
on September 10
 2010; and paid 100
000 RMB (about USD $16
357) in December 2010. The remaining balance of 400
000 RMB (about USD
$65
428)&nbsp;was to be&nbsp;paid off by the end of June 2010 pursuant to the written contract; however
 on March 22
 2010
 we
obtained oral consent from the seller to extend the due date to December 31
 2011.&nbsp;&nbsp;We were not able to pay off the remaining
balance by December 31
 2011 and the seller orally agreed to further extend the due date to the date when we have sufficient cash
to pay off the remaining balance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Nevertheless
 if our cash flow do not improve and cannot obtain a further extension
from the seller or the seller revokes its oral consent of extension
 the seller has the right to repossess the production factory
confiscate the deposit paid to the seller and we will be liable to compensate the seller for an amount equivalent to 6 month&rsquo;s
rental expenses for using the production factory. The principal terms of the written contract are as follows:



    
    

 Ltd. (&ldquo;Meihekou&rdquo;) and Ganzhi Ginseng Products Co Ltd &amp; China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. (collectively &ldquo;Ginseng Group.&rdquo;)




    
    
    





    
    

 land area and facilities that to be acquired originally by Meihekou remain unchanged. The amount of the consideration of RMB 9
000
000 (about USD $1
472
128) and the agency commission that was to be originally paid by Meihekou shall remain unchanged and payment shall be made by Ginseng Group to Meihekou.




    
    

 Ginseng Group shall pay Meihekou of RMB 500
000 (about USD $81
785) before March 20
 2010
 the remaining balance shall be repaid in full by June 30
 2010.




    
    
    




    
    

 Meihekou has the right to repossess the premise and confiscate the deposit paid to Meihekou. And Ginseng Group is liable to compensate Meihekou for an amount equivalent to 6 month&rsquo;s rental expenses for using the premise.



000
RMB (about USD $65
428) until now; however
 Meihekou has orally agreed to extend the due date of the payment to the date that we
have sufficient cash flow to pay off the remaining balance
 with all other terms and conditions remain the same.


 2012
 we paid off the 8 million RMB bank loan which
we obtained from Meihekou City Rural Credit Union on November 8
 2010 by a new loan of 8 million RMB from the same lender.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
principal terms of the new 8 million RMB bank loan agreement are as follows:



    
    

 Ltd (&ldquo;Jilin Ganzhi&rdquo;) and Meihekou City Rural Credit Union (&ldquo;Meihekou Credit Union&rdquo;);




    
    

308
558) to Jilin Ganzhi to be used in calling in and refunding and the term of the loan is 24 months from August 30
 2012 to August 29
 2014.




    
    




    
    

    China as an interest rate of same type and class of loans at the date of the loan and&nbsp;changes with the adjustment of
    national bank rate.&nbsp;&nbsp;Meihekou Credit Union calculates the interest on a monthly basis applying this annual floating
    rate which is payable on the 21st day of each month. The monthly interest rate of August 2012 was 10.513 and we paid interest
    of 94
126.63 RMB (about USD $15
396) on August 21
 2012. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Company repaid interest
    of 950
000 RMB (USD $155
391). We will assume the payment of the remaining interest when we have enough cash.




    
    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



 no payments have been made for any
of the installments and the loan is in default.


and revenue from resale of ginseng purchased from outside farmers. Our ginseng production is constituted of our own farmed ginseng
production and ginseng purchased from the farmers who leased land from us. We sell ginseng directly to the market without distributors
and to&nbsp;customers who&nbsp;purchase ginseng from us on an order-to-order basis. Though purchases from a few customers aggregately
accounted for more than 10% of our sales of ginseng
 we do not have any written or oral agreement with those customers. We consider
a purchase to be completed once cash is paid by a customer. For large orders
 as is custom in the ginseng business
 when ginseng
is shipped to a customer
 the customer pays approximately 20%-30% of the invoice and is entitled to an inspection process which
could take up to 60 days. Upon completion of the inspection and approval process
 the customer notifies us and sends us the balance
of the invoice price
&nbsp;and a sale is recorded. For smaller orders
 customers pick up the Ginseng from the Company
 pay in cash
at time of pick up and receive an invoice with appropriate sales tax applied and a cash acknowledgement. On these orders
 revenue
is recognized upon shipment/payment. During the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 no orders were subject to the inspection process.


 as we have shifted the focus of our business from sale
of ginseng to canned ginseng juice
&nbsp;there is no assurance that there will be sufficient demand for our beverages to allow
us to operate profitably in the short term until our new products are more widely recognized and sold. Accordingly
 past revenues
and other financial results will not provide a meaningful basis for future performance given the material change in our business.




Road
 16 FL
&nbsp;Zhongji Building
&nbsp;Suite 1062-1063
 Nanguan District
 Changchun City
 China
 Tel: (86) 43188952022. Our website
is http://www.chinaginsengs.com.&nbsp;&nbsp;








to customers who purchase ginseng from us on an order-to-order basis. However
 as of this filing
 the Company has not sold any
Ginseng in 2015.



 if ginseng produced by us or the farmers who leased
land from us were not qualified to produce canned ginseng juice
 we sold it to the market. In addition
 as we have been engaged
in the business of farming
 processing and selling ginseng for more than eight years
 we are very familiar with the local ginseng
planting and have good connection with ginseng farmers. Therefore
 sometimes we are able to purchase ginseng with good quality
from the outside farmers at a price lower than market price and then directly sell those ginseng we purchased to the market. Starting
in 2008
 we began reserving fresh ginseng as raw material to produce canned ginseng juice. As of the date of this filing
 we are
no longer selling fresh ginseng or dry ginseng directly to the market except such portions of our product that are not qualified
for use in our canned ginseng juice and the ginseng we purchased from outside farmers which is oxidized ginseng. Ginseng&rsquo;s
growing season&nbsp;is from April&nbsp;to September. Normally we sow the seed in April and harvest in September. Excessive rain
in June to August will normally cause oxidation on the ginseng because that is the grow season for ginseng. Our average yearly
rain volume in the past ten years is approximately 500 millimeter and we usually have approximately 30% of ginseng oxidized each
year. However
 because we intend to produce high quality canned ginseng juice
 we apply very strict and much higher standards when
we select ginseng as raw materials for ginseng juice production. Therefore
 only portion of non-oxidized with high quality grown
ginseng will be reserved for ginseng juice production. For the year ended June 30
 2015
 we did not reserve any of our grown ginseng
for ginseng juice production due to the damage caused by the typhoon in 2012. Once ginseng is oxidized
 it is no longer qualified
as raw material for ginseng beverage; however
 we can still sell it to the market at a lower price compared to the price of&nbsp;non-oxidized
ginseng.




    
    





demanding an almost perfect combination of terrain
 altitude
 and temperature. The growth cycle requires 5-6 years
 although
 senior
maturity can be 8 years
&nbsp;and once harvested
 the land can not be used again for ginseng planting for at least 25-30 years.
Because the suitable lands for ginseng farming are very limited
 the key to success in this industry is to control suitable land
as well as to continually develop techniques to increase production per acre.


500 hectares (about 3
705
acres) of land resources for ginseng planting by the local government including Yanbian farm and Mudanjiang farm. Currently
 we
have planted approximately 287
984 square meters of land. Yanbian farm was substantially completely harvested by December 31
 2012.&nbsp;We
only planted small amounts of Ginseng at Yanbian farm during the fiscal year ended June 30
 2013 because the climate and soil conditions
have deteriorated. The other farm Mudaniang will harvest no ginseng until about 2018 due to the damages caused by a typhoon strike
which occurred in August 2012. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forest Bureau governing Yanbian Huaxin&rsquo;s farms approximately
700 hectacres (1
730 acres) of land notified the Company that this lease is no longer recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented
from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of this farm.&nbsp;


 we have hired our
own employees to plant ginseng on part of the lands. When we have enough capital to plant new ginseng
 we plan to enter into contacts
with local farmers to grow
 cultivate and harvest ginseng.





us in the manufacture of ginseng juice. Fresh ginseng can be placed in refrigerated storage for two years and still be used in
the production of ginseng beverages. We plan to begin to use the reserve ginseng to manufacture the ginseng juice in the second
quarter of fiscal year ended June 30
 2016.





 with most customers placing
orders in the first and fourth quarter in any year as our ginseng is harvested in autumn
 after necessary processing procedures
and available for sale in winter. However
 as we no longer sell these products to any significant extent
 seasonality is no longer
an issue.







    
    

 Approval No. State Food &amp; Drug Administration G20090249

    
    
    
 Approval No. State Food &amp; Drug Administration G20090208



 we take ginseng juice extracted
from fresh ginseng as the main material plus natural extracts like xylitol
 citric acid and steviosides as subsidiary ingredients.
We have farming technicians periodically inspect farmers to ensure they follow our growing guidelines to control the quality of
the fresh ginseng. We use low residue pesticide and biodegradable fertilizer for ginseng planting. And we use xylitol instead of
sugar to lower calories. Further
 products made with xylitol do not cause a sour taste.


 there are about 10 kinds of ginseng drinks on the market;
all of them are Chinese. The price range for those products is 6 -40 RMB per can (about USD $0.97-$ 4.51) and one fresh ginseng
juice imported from Korea
 about 49 RMB (about USD 7.96) based on our market research.


reading our competitor&rsquo;s labels
 we found that nearly all of their ginseng drinks are produced by blending after extracting
ginsenosides through chemical methods. The extraction for ginsenosides will cause damage to its nutritional components. Our technology
is different from that traditional method. We squeeze out the natural juice from fresh ginseng so as to preserve freshness and
nutrition in the final product.


juice is that it needs fresh ginseng as a raw material and preservation of fresh ginseng is very difficult. Fresh ginseng rots
very fast. The harvest time concentrates in September and October
 which is a fairly short period. After that
 one can only buy
dried ginseng from market such as sun-dried ginseng from which we cannot squeeze juice. However
 our drink formula enables us to
use refrigerated ginseng as a raw material to produce canned ginseng juice and still be able to maintain its freshness and nutrition
in our final products. The drink formula for our ginseng beverages is a registered patent approved by the Chinese government
 patent
number ZL 03111397.6. This patent was issued on January 23
 2008 and expires 20 years after issuance.



    
    



space. We are currently renting a refrigerated warehouse (-20 C degree) to store all fresh ginseng inventory necessary for production
of the ginseng beverages. Monthly rent for refrigerated warehouse is RMB 4
500 (about USD $676.86). We commenced production in
August 2010 and sales in October 2010 which was reflected in our financial statement for the three months ended December 31
 2010.
We initiated our sales of canned ginseng juice in China and we plan to expand our business to overseas provided that we obtain
sufficient funding. Our Ganzhi Ginseng Beverage costs approximately $1.13 per bottle (160 ml) and our American Ginseng Beverage
will cost approximately $1.12 per bottle (160 ml). However
 as we are in the initial stage of ginseng beverage business
 we cannot
assure the demands for our ginseng beverage will be profitable in the short term and there is no guarantee that we will be able
to generate revenue with ginseng beverage business.


by the Chinese government as a Good Manufacturing Process facility
 which is required for our production of these products. Good
Manufacturing Process standards cover organization and personnel
 building and facilities
 equipment
 materials
 hygiene and sanitation
validation
 documentation
 production management
 quality management
 production distribution and recall
 complaints and adverse
reactions report
 and self-inspections.


of our ginseng beverage is approximately 50 million RMB (about USD $7
549
791) including 2 million RMB for research and governmental
approval
 6 million RMB for GMP adjustment construction
 8 million RMB for equipment
 11 million RMB for facility construction
and upgrades
 20 million for working capital and 3 million RMB for other expenses.


borrowings
 bank loans
 cash from operations and sales of our equity.





general distributor for canned ginseng juice in each city through Jilin Huamei if our capital allows. The general distributor can
recruit the second level distributors. In addition to recruiting general distributors
 in some major cities
 Jilin Huamei will
establish sale branch offices to facilitate the local sales. Our direct sale will target at customers of high end retailers such
as supermarkets
 pharmacies
 hotels
 gift shops
 entertainment centers
 tourists attractions
 airport and high speed trains
 etc.




 we have not renewed
any distribution agreement upon expiration or recruited new distributors because of lack of funds. We plan to recruit distributor
once we resume our production and have enough fund.





our grown ginseng including self-planted ginseng and the ginseng sold to us by farmers in accordance with the contracts we entered
into with them
 and the ginseng we purchase from the outside farmers. However
 due to various reasons
 we were not able to reserve
high quality ginseng from self-planted ginseng in the past three years. We plan to purchase high quality ginseng from the market
for ginseng juice production going forward.









 we plan to recruit general distributors
to sell our products through our subsidiaries Jilin Huamei and Hong Kong Huaxia. IAnd we plan to set up Jilin Huamei sale brach
offices in some major cities in addition to the online sale through Hong Kong Huaxia&rsquo;s e-commerce.





 we have had no research and development expenses
in the past two years.




 certificates and administrative
protections to safeguard our intellectual property.


approved by the Chinese government
 patent number ZL 03111397.6. This patent was issued on January 23
 2008 and expires 20 years
after issuance.



    
    



 our two types
of ginseng beverages have been certified as PRC domestic healthcare food by SFDA (State Food and Drug Administration) and received
approval certificates (&ldquo;GMP Healthcare Food Certificate&rdquo;) from the SFDA
 each of which is valid for a term of 5 years

(Trial Implementation)
 2005
 the healthcare food applying for GMP Health Food Certificate
refers to such food as claimed to have special health function or focuses on supplementing vitamins or minerals
 that is
 food
which is suitable for special population
 has function of regulating the institutions instead of treating diseases
 and will not
bring any acute
 sub-acute or chronic damages to the body. The application for registration of healthcare food shall be subject
to an examination and approval process in which the SDFA evaluates and examines systematically the safety
 effectiveness
 quality
controllability as well as the specifications of the healthcare food being applied for registration and make a decision as approving
the registration or not according to the application and based on the lawful procedures
 conditions and requirements. As of the
date of this filing
 we have received the following SFDA approvals for renewal:



    
    

 Approval No. 2014-0001
 issued on February 17
 2014
 valid until February 16
 2018.




    
    

 No. SFDA G20090249 issued by the State Food &amp; Drug Administration on May 31
 2009 which is valid indefinitely until and unless the SFDA issues a stop order (*).

    
    
    

    
    
    
 No. SFDA G20090208 issued by the State Food &amp; Drug Administration on May 27
 2009 which is valid indefinitely until and unless the SFDA issues a stop order (*).



SFDA No.[2010]300
 July 23
 2010.




 banking laws and laws applicable
to all companies
 such as The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 as a China-based entity
 we are subject to various Chinese regulations.
This section sets forth a summary of the most significant China regulations or requirements that may affect our business activities
operated in China or our shareholders&rsquo; right to receive dividends and other distributions of profits from the PRC subsidiary.



 jointly issued
by China&rsquo;s Ministry of Commerce (MOFCOM) and NDRC in 2011 classified various industries/businesses into three different categories:
(i) encouraged for foreign investment; (ii) restricted to foreign investment; and (iii) prohibited from foreign investment. For
any industry/business not covered by any of these three categories
 they will be deemed industries/businesses permitted for foreign
investment. Except for those expressly provided with restrictions
 encouraged and permitted industries/businesses are usually 100%
open to foreign investment and ownership. With regard to those industries/businesses restricted to foreign investment
 there is
always a limitation on foreign investment and ownership. Foreign investment is prohibited in prohibited industries/business. The
PRC subsidiary&rsquo;s business does not fall under the industry categories that are restricted to
 or prohibited from foreign
investment and is not subject to limitation on foreign investment and ownership.




regulations
 (1996)
 as amended

Regarding Settlement
 Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange
 as amended. Under these regulations
 the Renminbi is freely
convertible for trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions
 but not for direct investment
 loans or investments in

Regulations Regarding Settlement
 Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange
 foreign investment enterprises
 or FIEs may
purchase foreign exchange without the approval of SAFE for trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions by providing
commercial documents evidencing these transactions. They may also retain foreign exchange to satisfy foreign exchange liabilities
or to pay dividends. However
 the relevant Chinese government authorities may limit or eliminate the ability of FIEs to purchase
and retain foreign currencies in the future. In addition
 foreign exchange transactions for direct investment
 loan and investment
in securities outside the PRC are still subject to limitations and require approvals from SAFE.&nbsp;


    
    






of dividends by FIEs include:



    
 (1979)
 as amended
 (1983)
 as amended;

    
    

    
 (1988)
 as amended
 (1995)
 as amended;

    
    

    
 (1986)
 as amended
 (1990)
 as amended.



 FIEs in the PRC may pay dividends only
out of their accumulated profits
 if any
 determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition
the wholly-owned foreign enterprises in the PRC are required to set aside at least 10% of their respective accumulated profits
each year
 if any
 to fund certain reserve funds unless such reserve funds have reached 50% of their respective registered capital.
These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends.

Regulation of a Foreign Currency&rsquo;s Conversion into RMB
and Investment by FIEs


 2008

Department of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on the Relevant Operating Issues concerning the Improvement of the Administration
of Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises
 to further regulate the
foreign exchange of FIEs. According to Notice 142
 FIEs shall obtain a verification report from a local accounting firm before
converting its registered capital in foreign currency into Renminbi
 and the converted Renminbi shall be used for the business
within its permitted business scope. Notice 142 explicitly prohibits FIEs from using RMB converted from foreign capital to make
equity investments in the PRC
 unless the domestic equity investment is within the approved business scope of the FIE and has been
approved by SAFE in advance. In addition
 SAFE strengthened its oversight over the flow and use of Renminbi funds converted from
the foreign currency-dominated capital of a FIE. The use of such Renminbi may not be changed without approval from SAFE
 and may
not be used to repay Renminbi loans if the proceeds of such loans have not yet been used. Violations of Notice 142 may result in
severe penalties
 including substantial fines as set forth in the SAFE rules.


 SAFE promulgated the Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning
Strengthening the Administration of Foreign Exchange Businesses in November 2010
 which requires the authenticity of settlement
of the funds raised from offshore offerings to be closely examined and the settlement of funds should conform to their intended
use as listed in the offering document. For the settlement of funds in excess of those intended by the offering document or for
a purpose other than that listed in the offering document
 a board resolution relating to the use of funds shall be submitted as
a separate application document. SAFE further promulgated a circular in November 2011
 which prohibits a foreign-invested enterprise
from using Renminbi funds converted from its foreign currency registered capital to provide entrustment loans or repay loans borrowed
from non-financial enterprises. These circulars may limit our ability to transfer the net proceeds from the offshore offering to
our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China
 and we may not be able to convert the proceeds from the offshore offering into
Renminbi to invest in or acquire any other PRC companies.


 2012
 SAFE promulgated the Circular of Further Improving
and Adjusting Foreign Exchange Administration Policies on Foreign Direct Investment
 or Circular 59
 which became effective on
December 17
 2012. Circular 59 substantially amends and simplifies the then current foreign exchange procedures. Under Circular
59
 the opening of various special purpose foreign exchange accounts (e.g. pre-establishment expenses account
 foreign exchange
capital account
 guarantee account) no longer requires the approval of SAFE. Reinvestment of Renminbi proceeds by foreign investors
in the PRC no longer requires SAFE approval or verification.


 2013
 SAFE promulgated the Circular on Printing and Distributing
the Provisions on Foreign Exchange Administration over Domestic Direct Investment by Foreign Investors and the Supporting Documents
which specifies that the administration by SAFE or its local branches over direct investment by foreign investors in the PRC shall
be conducted by way of registration. Institutions and individuals shall register with SAFE and/or its local branches for their
direct investment in the PRC. Banks shall process foreign exchange business relating to the direct investment in the PRC based
on the registration information provided by SAFE and its branches.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Regulation of Foreign Exchange in Certain Onshore and Offshore
Transactions



the Administration of Foreign Exchange in Fund-raising and Return Investment Activities of Domestic Residents Conducted via Offshore
Special Purpose Companies
 or SAFE Notice 75
 which became effective as of November 1
 2005. SAFE has also issued implemented
rules to SAFE Notice 75.&nbsp;&nbsp;SAFE Notice 75 and its implementation rules require PRC residents (including both corporate
entities and natural persons) to register with SAFE or its competent local branch in connection with their direct or indirect shareholding
in any company outside of China referred to as an &ldquo;offshore special purpose company&rdquo; established for the purpose of
raising fund from overseas to acquire assets of
 or equity interests in
 PRC companies. Under SAFE Notice 75
 a &ldquo;special
purpose vehicle&rdquo;
 or SPV
 refers to an offshore entity established or controlled
 directly or indirectly
 by PRC residents
for the purpose of seeking offshore equity financing using assets or interests owned by such PRC residents in onshore companies.
In addition
 any PRC resident that is the shareholder of an offshore special purpose company is required to amend his or her SAFE
registration with the SAFE or its competent local branch
 with respect to that offshore special purpose company in connection with
any of its increase or decrease of capital
 transfer of shares
 merger
 division
 equity investment or creation of any security
interest over any assets located in China. The SAFE regulations require retroactive approval and registration of direct or indirect
investments previously made by PRC residents in offshore special purpose companies. PRC subsidiaries of an offshore special purpose
company are required to coordinate and supervise the filing of SAFE registrations by the offshore holding company&rsquo;s shareholders
who are PRC residents in a timely manner. In the event that a PRC resident shareholder with a direct or indirect investment in
an offshore parent company fails to obtain the required SAFE approval and make the required registration
 the PRC subsidiaries
of such offshore parent company may be prohibited from making distributions of profit to the offshore parent and from paying the
offshore parent proceeds from any reduction in capital
 share transfer or liquidation in respect of the PRC subsidiaries. Further
failure to comply with the various SAFE approval and registration requirements described above
 as currently drafted
 could result
in liability under PRC law for foreign exchange evasion.



    
    



requirements under the aforesaid SAFE regulations will be enforced
 and it remains unclear how these existing regulations
 and
any future legislation concerning offshore or cross-border transactions
 will be interpreted
 amended and implemented by the relevant
government authorities. Although we have requested PRC residents who
 to our knowledge
&nbsp;hold direct or indirect interests
in our Company&nbsp;to make the necessary applications
 filings and amendments as required under the SAFE Notice 75 and other related
rules
 our PRC resident beneficial holders have not completed such approvals and registrations required by the SAFE regulations
due to the complexity and procedural requirements involved in securing such SAFE approval. We will attempt to comply
 and attempt
to ensure that all of our shareholders subject to these rules comply with the relevant requirements. We cannot
 however
 assure
the compliance of all of our China-resident shareholders. Any current or future failure to comply with the relevant requirements
could subject us to fines or sanctions imposed by the Chinese government
 including restrictions on certain of our subsidiaries&rsquo;
ability to pay dividends or hinder our investment in those subsidiaries or affect our ownership structure
 which could adversely
affect our business and prospects.




 the People&rsquo;s Bank of China promulgated the
Administrative Measures of Foreign Exchange Matters for Individuals
 which set forth the respective requirements for foreign exchange
transactions&nbsp;by individuals (both PRC or non-PRC citizens) under either the current account or the capital account. In January
2007
 SAFE issued implementing rules for the Administrative Measures of Foreign Exchange Matters for Individuals
 which
 among
other things
 specified approval requirements for certain capital account transactions such as a PRC citizen&rsquo;s participation
in the employee stock ownership plans or stock option plans of an overseas publicly-listed company. In March 2007
 SAFE promulgated
the Application Procedures of Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Employee Stock Ownership
Plan or Stock Option Plan of Overseas-Listed Company
 or the 2007 Stock Option Rules. In February 2012
 SAFE promulgated the Notice
on Issues Related to Foreign Exchange Administration on Domestic Individuals&rsquo; Participation in Equity Incentive Plans of Overseas-Listed
Company
 which replaced the 2007 Stock Option Rules. Under current effective rules
 if a PRC resident participates in any equity
incentive plan of an overseas publicly-listed company
 a qualified PRC domestic agent must
 among other things
 file on behalf
of such participant an application with SAFE to conduct the SAFE registration with respect to such equity incentive plan and obtain
approval for an annual allowance with respect to the purchase of foreign exchange in connection with the exercise or sale of stock
options or stock such participant holds. Such participating PRC residents&rsquo; foreign exchange income received from the sale of stock
and dividends distributed by the overseas publicly-listed company must be fully remitted into a PRC collective foreign currency
account opened and managed by the PRC agent before distribution to such participants.


 a notice concerning the individual income tax on earnings
from employee share options jointly issued by Ministry of Finance
 or the MOF
 and the State Administration of Taxation
 or the
SAT
 and its implementing rules
 provide that domestic companies that implement employee share option programs shall (a) file the
employee share option plans and other relevant documents to the local tax authorities having jurisdiction over them before implementing
such employee share option plans; (b) file share option exercise notices and other relevant documents with the local tax authorities
having jurisdiction over them before exercise by the employees of the share options
 and clarify whether the shares issuable under
the employee share options mentioned in the notice are the shares of publicly listed companies; and (c) withhold taxes from the
PRC employees in connection with the PRC individual income tax.


stock incentive plan
 which we adopted in 2010
 will be subject to these regulations. We and our PRC option grantees have not completed
the registrations under these regulations. We cannot assure you that we and our PRC option grantees will be able to complete the
required registrations. Any current or future failure to comply with the relevant requirements could subject us to fines or sanctions
imposed by the Chinese government
 which could adversely affect our business and prospects.



    
    





 2007
 the National People&rsquo;s Congress or NPC
approved and promulgated the
 which we refer to as the EIT Law. The EIT Law took effect on
January 1
 2008. Under the EIT Law
 FIEs and domestic companies are subject to a uniform tax rate of 25%. The EIT Law provides
a five-year transition period starting from its effective date for those enterprises which were established before the promulgation
date of the EIT Law and which were entitled to a preferential lower tax rate under the then-effective tax laws or regulations.


 2007

Transitional Measures for Enterprise Income Tax
 or the Notice
 providing that the enterprises that have been approved to enjoy
a low tax rate prior to the promulgation of the EIT Law will be eligible for a five-year transition period beginning January 1
2008
 during which time the tax rate will be increased step by step to the 25% unified tax rate set out in the EIT Law. From January
1
 2008
 for the enterprises whose applicable tax rate was 15% before the promulgation of the EIT Law
 the tax rate will be increased
to 18% for 2008
 20% for 2009
 22% for 2010
 24% for 2011
 and 25% for 2012. For the enterprises whose applicable tax rate was
24%
 the tax rate was changed to 25% from January 1
 2008.


provisions
 leaving many details on the definitions of numerous terms as well as the interpretation and specific applications of
various provisions unclear and unspecified. Any increase in the combined Company&rsquo;s tax rate in the future could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.


 which became effective on January&nbsp;1
 2008
imposes a uniform enterprise income tax rate of 25% on all PRC resident enterprises
 including foreign-invested enterprises and
domestic enterprises
 unless they qualify for certain exceptions.


provisions
 leaving many details on the definitions of numerous terms as well as the interpretation and specific applications of
various provisions unclear and unspecified. Any increase in the combined company&rsquo;s tax rate in the future could have a material
adverse effect on its financial conditions and results of operations.




at the 7th Session of the Standing Committee of the 11th National People&rsquo;s Congress of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
and effective on June 1
 2009
 governs the food safety in food production and business operation activities. Pursuant to the Food
Safety Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 food producers must establish an internal inspection and record system for
raw materials and predelivery products
 and food distributors must also establish internal systems to record and inspect food products
procured from suppliers. In addition
 any food additives that are not in the approved government catalog must not be used and no
food products can be sold inspection-free.

Regulations on the Implementation of the Food Safety Law of
the People&rsquo;s Republic of China


the People&rsquo;s Republic of China as adopted at the 73rd Standing Committee Meeting of the State Council on July 8
 2009 and
effective on July 20
 2009
 are promulgated in accordance with the Food Safety Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China. The
Regulations require that the local People&rsquo;s Government at or above the country level shall perform the responsibility specified
in the Food Safety Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 improve the ability for supervision and administration of food
safety
 ensure supervision and administration of food safety; establish and improve the coordination mechanism between food safety
regulatory authorities
 integrate and improve the food safety information network
 and realize the sharing of food safety and food
inspection information and other technical resources.

Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China on Quality and
Safety of Agricultural Products


of Agricultural Products was adopted at the 21st Meeting of the Standing Committee of the Tenth National People&rsquo;s Congress
on April 29
 2006. This Law was enacted in order to ensure the quality and safety of agricultural products
 maintain the health
of the general public
 and promote the development agriculture and rural economy. Pursuant to this Law
 agricultural products distribution
enterprises shall establish a sound system of inspection and acceptance for their purchases. In addition
 agricultural products
that fail to pass the inspection based on the quality and safety standards of agricultural products cannot be marketed.




and its local regulations. In addition to statutory and regulatory compliance
 we actively ensure the
environmental sustainability of our operations. Our costs of compliance with applicable environmental laws are minimal
 since
the manufacturing of our products generates very limited damages
 if any
 to the environment. Accordingly we had no
expenditures for compliance with environmental law in 2014 and 2015 and do not anticipate incurring any such costs in the
future. Penalties would be levied upon us if we fail to adhere to and maintain certain standards. Such failure has not
occurred in the past
 and we generally do not anticipate that it may occur in the future
 but no assurance can be given in
this regard.



    
    







upon management&rsquo;s knowledge of the industry in China
 we believe that there are more than four companies engaged in ginseng
production in China.&nbsp;&nbsp;The significant competition within the ginseng industry for planting land is compounded by the
Chinese government&rsquo;s recent promotion of forestation in state-owned forests.&nbsp;This has dramatically reduced the woodland
available for ginseng planting.


 Changbai Ni
Li River
 Ji An Ginseng and Antler Company &amp; The First Fu Song Ginseng Farm.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based upon its significant knowledge
of the ginseng industry in China
 management believes that we rank in the middle of these competitors
 the larger of which in general
have greater financial and personnel resources and have achieved greater market penetration than we have.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 because
there are no published statistics concerning our competitors
 this is based solely upon management&rsquo;s experience in the industry.


rights granted to us







of our competitors have greater financial and personnel resources and all have achieved greater market penetration than we have.&nbsp;


due to the technology we use to produce our ginseng beverage.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based upon reading of competitors&rsquo; labels
 all of
their ginseng drinks are produced by blending after extracting ginsenosides through chemical methods. Management believes that
the extraction for ginsenosides will cause damage to its nutritional components because high heat is used in the process of the
extraction.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our technology is different from the method used by our competitors.&nbsp;&nbsp;We squeeze out the natural
juice from fresh ginseng. However
 our drink formula enables us to use refrigerated ginseng as raw material to produce canned ginseng
juice and still able to maintain its freshness and nutrition in final products.&nbsp;&nbsp;The drink formula for our ginseng beverages
is a registered patent approved by the Chinese government
 patent number ZL 03111397.6.&nbsp;&nbsp;This patent was issued on January
23
 2008 and expires 20 years after issuance. In order to store the fresh ginseng
 we rent a refrigerated warehouse (-20 C degree).






seasonal field workers listed below are part-time employees.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    





required by this item.








Road
 16 FL
&nbsp;Zhongji Building
&nbsp;Suite 1062-1063
 Nanguan District
 Changchun City
 China. The corporate headquarters occupy
approximately 749.17 square meters and is on a one-year lease from January 1
 2014 to December 31
 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;Rent is approximately
$22
108 for one year.


Yanbian
 which is approximately 4
519 square feet
 and it is used for office/administrative purposes. We also own free and clear
processing center&nbsp;in the City of Yanbian
 which is consisted of 7
090 square feet of space; warehouse space of 1366 square
feet; and seasonal worker dormitory of 688 square feet.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the City of Yanbian
 we also own the right to use the parcel
of land (129
120 square feet approximately) where these facilities are located.&nbsp;&nbsp;The land use right is for 30 years commencing
November 2002 and there&nbsp;is no rent required due to the preferential policies.


 we&nbsp;rent refrigerated warehouse space of 160 cubic
meters and we pay approximately $678.86 per month.&nbsp;&nbsp;The refrigerated warehouse space is 160 cubic meters
 which is not
enough for our future refrigerated storage needs. We will need to at least double the space. Our current refrigerated storage space
is sufficient to store 20 tons of fresh ginseng. However
 we might need more refrigerated space in the future after we start production
and sales of canned ginseng juice. In the future
 we plan to build our own refrigerated warehouse
 with approximately 1
000 cubic
meters storage space
 after we are able to generate stable net income from sales of our ginseng beverage and anticipate that it
will take about two months to complete building.&nbsp;&nbsp;


 2000
 we were granted 20 years land use rights
of&nbsp;approximately 2000 acres of Ermu Forestry land by Ermu County Government
&nbsp;Tunhua.&nbsp;On January 8
 2005
 we
entered into a land lease agreement with Heilongjiang Province Muling Forestry Bureau and Huaxing Ginseng Industry Co. for
1
750 acres of forest to grow ginseng for 20 years and pursuant to the lease agreement
 our annual aggregate lease payments
are approximately $91
500. However
 during the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forest Bureau governing Yanbian Huaxin farm
approximately 700 hectacres (1
730 acres) of land notified the Company that this lease is no longer recognized.


 improve
 or develop properties
 except
as set forth above.&nbsp;&nbsp;We do not carry property or crop insurance on our land. We have no policy with respect to investments
in real estate or interests in real estate and no policy with respect to investments in real estate mortgages.&nbsp;&nbsp;Further
we have no policy with respect to investments in securities of or interests in persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.

ITEM 3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS


 we may be involved in litigation relating to
claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business.&nbsp;&nbsp;We are not aware of any pending or threatened
legal proceeding that
 if determined in a manner adverse to us
 could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations.

ITEM 4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES





ITEM 5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;MARKET
FOR&nbsp;REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES



and has very limited trading.&nbsp;The closing price for our Common Stock on the OTCBB on October 12
 2015 was $0.03 per share.



 2015
 we had&nbsp;278 record holders of common
stock. This number excludes any estimate by us of the number of beneficial owners of shares held in street name
 the accuracy of
which cannot be guaranteed.



    
    



 1993
 the SEC adopted Rule 15g-9
 which established
the definition of a &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; for purposes relevant to the Company
 as any equity security that has a market price
of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction
involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the rules require: (i)&nbsp;that a broker or dealer approve a person&rsquo;s account for
transactions in penny stocks; and (ii) that the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction
setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person&rsquo;s account for transactions
in penny stocks
 the broker or dealer must (i) obtain financial information and investment experience and objectives of the person;
and (ii) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that person has
sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the&nbsp;risks of transactions in penny stocks.
The broker or dealer must also deliver
 prior to any transaction in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the Commission
relating to the penny stock market
 which
 in highlight form
 (i) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability
determination; and (ii) states that the broker or dealer received a signed
 written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction.
Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading
 and
about commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative
 current quotations for the securities and
the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally
 monthly statements have
to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in
penny stocks.

Options
 Warrants
 Convertible Securities


 we do not have any warrants
 options or convertible securities
outstanding.




our inception and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future.&nbsp;&nbsp;We plan to retain any future earnings
for use in our business.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any decisions as to future payments of dividends will depend on our earnings and financial
position and such other facts
 as the board of directors deems relevant.




Act of 1934
 we are required to file quarterly and annual reports with the SEC and will also be subject to the proxy rules of the
SEC. In addition
 our officers
 directors and 10% stockholders will be required to submit reports to the SEC on their stock ownership
and stock trading activity.




may adopt one or more equity compensation plans in the future.








 quarterly and current
reports
 proxy statements and other information with the SEC.&nbsp;&nbsp;For further information with respect to the Company
 you
may read and copy its reports
 proxy statements and other information
 at the SEC public reference rooms at 100 F.&nbsp;&nbsp;Street
N.E.
 Washington
 D.C. 20549.&nbsp;You can request copies of these documents by writing to the SEC and paying a fee for the copying
cost.&nbsp;&nbsp;Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for more information about the operation of the public reference rooms.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company&rsquo;s SEC filings are also available at the SEC&rsquo;s web site at http://www.sec.gov.

ITEM 6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA



ITEM 7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATIONS




expectations
 estimates and beliefs.&nbsp;&nbsp;Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in
 or implied by
these forward-looking statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Forward-looking statements are identified by words such as &ldquo;believe
&rdquo;
&ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo;
and other similar expressions.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 any statements that refer to expectations
 projections or other characterizations
of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have based these forward-looking statements largely
on our expectations.



    
    



certain of which are beyond our control.&nbsp;Due to these risks and uncertainties
 the forward-looking events and circumstances
discussed in this report or incorporated by reference might not transpire.&nbsp;&nbsp;The following discussion contains forward-looking
statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements.

Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis of financial condition
and results of operations relates to the operations and financial condition reported in the financial statements of the Company
for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014 and should be read in conjunction with such financial statements and related
notes included in this report.




 China Ginseng Holdings Inc.
 was incorporated on June
24
 2004 in the State of Nevada.&nbsp;&nbsp;



705 acres of lands
by the Chinese government for ginseng planting. However
 during the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forest Bureau governing Yandian


730 acres) of land
 notified the Company that this
lease is no longer recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas
of this farm. As of now
 we have the 20-year land use rights to approximately 2
020 acres of lands for ginseng planting.



 we have been engaged in the business
of farming
 processing
 distribution and marketing of fresh ginseng
 dry ginseng
 ginseng seeds
 and seedlings.&nbsp;Starting in
August 2010
 we have gradually shifted the&nbsp;focus of our business from direct sales of ginseng to canned&nbsp;ginseng juice
and have started to store our raw material and sell very limited self-produced ginseng. We also purchase ginseng from outside sources
and then resell them to generate revenue and those sales are based on the order from the market. However
 due to the global recession
and local market conditions
 demand for ginseng exports declined beginning in 2008
 creating a significant oversupply in China.
In addition
 our ginseng beverage business needs more capital to develop and promote. All those factors caused us to have losses
in recent years.


 2015
 the cash balance on hand for the Company was
about $10
016. Our auditors have determined that we do not currently have sufficient working capital necessary and have raised
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.


 we are taking the following actions:


 2015
 we raised 1.6 million dollars through private
placement. With those capital
 the Company plans to restart ginseng beverage production and apply a new reduced size ginseng beverage
(40 ML) in October 2015. We estimate that it will be approved by the SFDA by the end of 2015.


 2015
 our Board appointed Mr. Yin to be CEO and Chairman
of the Company. Mr. Yin is a very successful and experienced entrepreneur and a leader. He received Glory Star issued by Zhenjiang
City Danyang Commerce and Industry Bureau for five consecutive years. Under the leadership of Mr. Yin
 the Company will focus on
the ginseng beverage business in 2016 and might bring more health products to the Company&rsquo;s business in 2017. We believe
that it is the right time to make the Company a diversified health products company because healthcare and wellness is a growing
industry in China which brings us opportunities to become a long term growth company and to be a benchmarking enterprise in ginseng
beverage industry.




 through Yanbian Huaxing
 we focused on the farming
processing
 distribution and marketing of Asian and American Ginseng and related byproducts in the following varieties:


Fresh Ginseng:&nbsp;&nbsp; For pharmaceutical
 health supplement
 cosmetic industry and fresh consumption.








 six months
a year.&nbsp;&nbsp;Normally we sow the seed in April and harvest in September. Ginseng seeds are obtained after the blossom in
autumn
 the seed can be sowed in September or next Spring
 it takes 10 days to germinate and 10 days for seedling. And the whole
growing cycle for ginseng&nbsp;from seeding to harvest usually takes around 5-6 years to ensure the growth of ginseng and the nutrition
it contains in the root. For ginseng
 every hectare can harvest 18 to 20 kg ginseng. As of June 30
 2015
 the planting area for
ginseng is 287.984 square meter.



    
    



 we have gradually shifted our business focus
from direct sale of ginseng and ginseng byproducts to production and sale of canned ginseng juice and wine.


 we produce two types of canned ginseng juice.










 there are about 10 kinds of ginseng drinks on the market
in China; all of them are imported from Korea.&nbsp;&nbsp; The price range for those products is 10 -30 RMB per can (about USD
$1.50-$4.51).


reading competitor labels
 all of their ginseng drinks are produced by blending after extracting ginsenosides through chemical
methods. The extraction for ginsenosides will cause damage to its nutritional components.&nbsp;Our technology is different from
that traditional method used by our competitors.&nbsp;&nbsp;We squeeze out the natural juice from fresh ginseng as the main material
plus natural extracts like xylitol
 citric acid and steviosides as subsidiary ingredients. We have farming technicians periodically
inspect farmers to ensure they follow our growing guidelines to control the quality of the fresh ginseng. We use low residue pesticide
and biodegradable fertilizer for ginseng planting. And we use xylitol instead of sugar to lower calories.&nbsp; Further
 products
made with xylitol do not cause a sour taste.


juice is that it needs fresh ginseng as a raw material and preservation of fresh ginseng is very difficult. However
 our drink
formula enables us to use refrigerated ginseng as raw material to produce canned ginseng juice and still able to preserve its freshness
and nutrition in final products.&nbsp;&nbsp;The drink formula for our ginseng beverages is a registered patent approved by the
Chinese government
 patent number ZL 03111397.6.&nbsp;&nbsp;This patent was issued on January 23
 2008 and expires 20 years after
issuance.


 we store our fresh ginseng
in refrigerated warehouse space. We are currently renting a refrigerated warehouse (-20 C degree) to store all fresh ginseng inventory
necessary for production of the ginseng beverages.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Monthly rent for refrigerated warehouse is RMB 4
500 (about&nbsp;USD
$676.86). We commenced production in August 2010 and sales in October 2010. However
 as we are in the initial stage of ginseng
beverage business
 we cannot assure the demands for our ginseng beverage will be high enough to make our business profitable in
the short term and there is no guarantee that we will be able to generate the revenue from ginseng beverage business.


the Chinese government as a Good Manufacturing Process facility
 which is required for our production of these products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Good
Manufacturing Process standards cover organization and personnel
 building and facilities
 equipment
 materials
 hygiene and sanitation
validation
 documentation
 production management
 quality management
 production distribution and recall
 complaints and adverse
reactions report
 and self-inspections.




ginseng beverage and wine in every city in China.&nbsp;&nbsp;The city level distributor can recruit the second level distributors.&nbsp;&nbsp;In
addition to recruiting general distributors
 in some major cities
 Jilin Huamei will establish sale branch offices to facilitate
the local sales. Our direct sale will target customers of high end retailers such as supermarkets
 pharmacies
 hotels
 gift shops
entertainment centers
 tourists&rsquo; attractions
 airport and high speed trains
 etc.


 Hong Kong Huaxia was set up as a part of our adjusted
marketing strategy so that we can explore the Asia Market through Hong Kong Huaxia while Jilin Huamei focuses on domestic sales.



 due to lack of funds
 we do not have any distributor.





Our operations may be affected by technological advances by competitors
 industry consolidation
 patents granted to competitors
competitive combination products
 new products offered by our competitors
 as well as new information provided by other marketed
products and/or other post-market studies.




information. Financial information is presented for the year ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.



    
    





    
    


    
    

    

 2015
    
    
    

    
272
607
2
610
024
(2
337
417
    

    
185
679
2
089
423
(1
903
744
    

    
86
928
520
601
(433
673
    


 general and administrative expenses
1
278
771
1
839
780
(561
009
    

    
525
903
2
537
697
(2
011
794
    

    
76
664
77
909
(1
245
    

    
    
24
905
(24
905
    

    
2
110
084
802
232
1
307
852
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
3
904
494
4
761
922
(857
428
    





607 from sales by Hong Kong Huaxia
a whole subsidiary of us in the year ended June 30
 2015. Hong Kong Huaxia sells health and specialized local products based on
customer orders which vary from time to time.


610
024 for the year ended June
30
 2014 to $272
607 for the year ended June 30
 2015
 a decrease of $2
337
417 or 90%. The primary reason for the decrease was
that we did not have any sales generated from ginseng and ginseng juice during the year ended June 30
 2015.


 2015
 we did not have sufficient capital
to produce ginseng juice or harvest ginseng
 and we did not take ginseng orders from the market.


 2105
 we raised 1.6 million dollars through private
placement. With those capital
 the Company plans to restart ginseng beverage production and apply a new reduced size ginseng beverage
(40 ML) in October 2015. We estimate that it will be approved by SFDA by the end of 2015.


 2015
 our board appointed Mr. Yin to be CEO and Chairman
of the Company. Mr. Yin is a very successful and experienced entrepreneur and
 a leader. He received Glory Star issued by Zhenjiang
City Danyang Commerce and Industry Bureau for five consecutive years. Under the leadership of Mr. Yin
 the Company is going to
focus on the ginseng beverage business in 2016 and might bring more health products to the Company in 2017 to make company become
a diversified health products company because healthcare and wellness is a growing industry which brings us opportunities to become
a long term growth company and to be a benchmarking enterprise in ginseng beverage industry.



    
    



 we expect the sales of ginseng beverage will be 90%-100%
of revenue; the sales of resale ginseng will be 0-10% and aim to generate profit in 2016. In order to achieve these goals
 we plan
to 1) continue to develop our own online shopping platform in October 2015 to make it easier to access
 and more convenient for
customers; 2) rebuild our distribution network; 3) start to establish our own nationwide store to sell ginseng beverage; and 4)
develop health membership club. However
 even with those changes
 there is no assurance that our sales of ginseng beverage will
meet our expectation as the market conditions may change.




089
423
for the year ended June 30
 2014 to $185
679 for the year ended June 30
 2015
 a decrease of $1
903
744 or 91%.


of goods sold in ginseng sales
 including self-production
 purchased ginseng for resale and ginseng beverage for the year ended
June 30
 2015.


purchased through Hong Kong Huaxia for resale
 which were $185
679 for the year ended June 30
 2015.




601 for the year ended June
30
 2014 to $86
928 for the year ended June 30
 2015
 a decrease of $433
673 or 83%. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease
in the overall sales.&nbsp;





 general and administrative expenses decreased from $1
839
780
for the year ended June 30
 2014 to $1
278
771&nbsp;for the year ended June 30
 2015
 a decrease of $561
009
 or 30%. The decrease
in 2015 was mainly due to the decrease in our operation expense from Yanbian Huaxing
 such as salary for the workers who harvested
ginseng; expense from Jilin Ganzhi
 such as labor of production
 and expense from Jilin Huamei
 such as ginseng juice marketing
fee
 etc.





management&rsquo;s estimate of the amount of probable credit losses
 determined by reviewing past due balances and other information.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
bad debt expense decreased by $2
011
794
 or 79% from $2
537
697 for the year ended June 30
 2014 to $525
903 for the year ended
June 30
 2015.The decrease in bad debt expense in 2015 was due to successfully collecting the past due receivable.




664 for the year ended June
30
 2015
 compared to $77
909 for the year ended June 30
 2014
 a decrease of $1
245 or 2%.&nbsp;&nbsp;




 2014
 the Company
determined its investment in Changchun Zhongshen Beverage Co. Ltd. was impaired as it ceased operations. As such
 the Company recorded
an impairment loss of $24
905 for the year ended June 30
 2014. And the Company did not have any impairment of investment for the
year ended June 30
 2015.




307
852
 from $802
232
for the year ended June 30
 2014 to $2
110
084 for the year ended June 30
 2015
 representing a 163%
increase.&nbsp;&nbsp;Interest expense includes an amount for imputed interest relating to non-interest bearing loans to
related parties aggregating&nbsp;$132
417 and $108
548 for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The increase
in&nbsp;interest expense was due to a new loan in 2014 of Hong Kong Huaxia of $5
966
057 and an increase in other loans of
$846
596 from individuals and finance companies in China.




 2015.



    
    





 net loss was $3
904
494 for
the year ended June 30
 2015
 a decrease of $857
428 or 18%
 as compared to the net loss of $4
761
922 for the year ended
June 30
 2014. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in selling
 general administrative expenses and bad debt
expense for the year ended June 30
 2015.




operating subsidiary is the Chinese Renminbi (&ldquo;RMB&rdquo;).&nbsp;&nbsp;The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency
and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;No representation is intended
to imply that the Renminbi amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted
 realized or settled into USD at the rate on June 30
2015 or at any other rate.


by changes in political and economic conditions. Our revenues
 costs and financial assets are mostly dominated in RMB while our
reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. Accordingly
 this may result in gains or losses from currency translation on our financial
statements.


($296
789) and&nbsp;$211
796 for the year ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&nbsp;And we have comprehensive loss of $4
210
283
and $4
550
126 for the year ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. &nbsp;The assets&nbsp;and liabilities&nbsp;amounts with
the exception of equity&nbsp;for the year ended June 30
 2015 were translated at 6.1136&nbsp;RMB to 1.00 USD as compared to 6.15280
RMB to 1.00 USD for the year ended June 30
 2014. The equity accounts were stated at their historical rate. The average translation
rates applied to the income statements accounts for the year ended June 30
 2015 and 2014 were 6.1378 RMB&nbsp;and 6.14350 RMB
respectively.




its current and future operations
 satisfy its obligations and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. We have historically financed
our operation and capital expenditures through loans from related parties
 including officers
 directors and other shareholders
of the Company and have raised capital through a Regulation S private placement as well. Our current activities are related to
developing our new business strategy the sale of&nbsp;Ginseng juice and wine products.


 2015
 we had working capital
deficit of $16
523
748
 compared to a working capital deficit of $11
616
962 as of June 30
 2014.


 2015
 there was no change in our loan payments compared
with June 30
 2014 since the loans remained constant. As of June 30
 2015
 we had an outstanding loan of 2
000
000 RMB (about $327
139)
to Ji&rsquo;An Qingshi Credit Cooperatives (&ldquo;Ji&rsquo;An Qingshi&rdquo;). The principal terms of the loan are as follows:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    

000
000 RMB (about USD $327
139) with an annual interest of 6.325%




    
    

 2002 to February 4
 2003; Repayment due date was February 4
 2003




    
    
    



of the loan; however
 Ji&rsquo;An Qingshi verbally agreed in March 2008&nbsp;not to call the loan. The material terms for the verbal
agreement are: No principal or interest payments are required to be made until the Company is generating profits and&nbsp;interest
continues to accrue until we repay the loan.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;On June 27
 2013
 the Company decided to dispose of the assets and
liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan to a third party and plans to close Tonghua Linyuan. The Company has retained $513
760 in contingent
liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan for the year ended June 30
 2015.


&nbsp;&nbsp;2012
 we refinanced the 8 million RMB bank
loan which we obtained from Meihekou City Rural Credit Union on November 8
 2010 by a new loan of 8 million RMB (approximately
USD $1
308
558) from the same lender.&nbsp;&nbsp;The principal terms of the new 8 million RMB bank loan agreements are as follows:



    
    


 Ltd (&ldquo;Jilin Ganzhi&rdquo;)
        and Meihekou City Rural Credit Union (&ldquo;Meihekou Credit Union&rdquo;);
        




    
    




    
    


        USD $ 1
308
558 ) to Jilin Ganzhi to be used in calling in and refunding and the term of the loan is 24 months from August 30
        2012 to August 29
 2014
        

    
    
    

        by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China as an interest rate of same type and class of loans at the date of the loan and&nbsp;changes
        with the adjustment of national bank rate.&nbsp;&nbsp;Meihekou Credit Union calculates the interest on a monthly basis applying
        this annual floating rate which is payable on the 21st day of each month. We paid interest of 94
127 RMB (about USD $ 15
396) on
        August 21
 2012. And from September
 2012 to June 30
 2013
 we have not paid interest and we plan to pay all outstanding interest
        when we have sufficient cash. For the year ended June 30
 2015
 we paid $154
635 in accrued interest.
        

    
    
    
570) on September 20
 2012
 RMB 1 million (approximately USD $163
570) on August 29
 2013
 RMB 1 million (approximately USD $163
570) on December 20
 2013 and RMB 5 million (approximately USD $817
848) on August 29
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The payments due in September 2012
 August 2013 and December 2013 were not made by the Company and the note is thus in default. 



 2015
 there was no change in our loan payments compared
to June 30
 2014
 since the loans remained constant.&nbsp;&nbsp;Since the lender
 Ji&rsquo;An Qingshi Credit Cooperative has verbally
agreed not to call the loan
 we can repay this loan at our own discretion when funds are available. Thus
 the debt in Tonghua Linyuan
acquisition will not have impact on our liquidity and capital resource before we start to repay the lender.


 2013
 the Company borrowed $5
938
272 (RMB 36
474
054) in order to fund the acquisition of machinery and equipment by the Company. The loan term was to February 28
2014 and the Company paid $211
802 (RMB 1
300
000) in interest over the life of the loan. The loan is secured by the assets of
Jilin Huaxia. On March 3
 2014
 the due date of the loan was extended to June 30
 2014 and on September 3
 2014 the term of the
loan was extended to June 30
 2015.


and finance companies totaling $3
997
629. These loans have various maturity dates ranging from on demand to June
30
 2015. The loans bear interest at 3% per annum.


 2015 and 2014
 we had notes
payable of $1
593
996 and $1
389
124 to related parties
 respectively. These amounts are mainly due to the working
capital demands of the business. Most of these related parties&nbsp;are our individual shareholders or immediate family members
of our&nbsp;shareholders and friends of our shareholders.&nbsp;&nbsp;The individuals loaned us funds
 which are interest free
which have no specific repayment date&nbsp;and are unsecured.&nbsp;&nbsp;The funds received are evidenced by receipt of cash acknowledgments.&nbsp;&nbsp;


 2015
 we had no material commitments for capital
expenditures other than for those expenditures incurred in the ordinary course of business. We plan to fund operations and capital
expenditures with cash from operations
 as well as loans from major shareholders and management members and their affiliates.&nbsp;We
might also pursue additional financings in the form of debt
 equity or convertible security offerings. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to obtain such additional financing at acceptable terms to us
 or at all.




 2015 and
2014 are summarized as following:



    
    



        
    
    



        
    

    
    
    

152

    
    
    

275

    

    
    
    


    
    
    

929

    

    
    
    

413

    
    
    

001

    





activities amounted to $(1
152
891) for the year ended June 30
 2015
 compared to $(2
275
439) for the same period of 2014. This
change was primarily due to an increase in net losses to $3
904
400
 in addition to an increase in inventory of $51
072 and in
accounts receivable of $114
494. These amounts were offset by an increase in accounts payable of $345
873; and increase in accrued expenses of $1
768
989.


online products purchases during the year ended June 30
 2015. The increase in inventory was because we purchased products for
online sale for the year ended June 30
 2015. The increase in accrued expenses was because of increased accrued interest. The increase
in tax payable because of the sales from Jilin Huaxia.



    
    





to $(5
134) for the year ended June 30
 2015 which consisted of the purchase of computers for $5
134.


to $5
929
461 for the year ended June 30
 2014
 which consisted of a deposit made on the purchase of equipment of $5
929
461. During
the six months ended December 31
 2013
&nbsp;Hong Kong Huaxia borrowed a short term loan of $6
065
932 to invest in Jinlin Huaxia
so that Jinlin Huaxia can use the fund to purchase&nbsp;an irrigation system
 a temperature control system
 and two Computer Numerical
Control (CNC) machine tools for our operation use. The loan term is to December 28
 2014 and secured by $5
929
461 of assets of
Jinlin Huaxia.




for the year ended June 30
 2015 was $1
413
843 and primarily consisted of proceeds of loans
payable of $1
241
362
 repayments of $28
299 and proceeds from loans payable to related parties of $204
892.


activities for the year ended June 30
 2014 was $8
001
172
 primarily proceeds from a loans payable of $7
859
661 and
proceeds from loans payable to related parties of $141
511.




statements
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $18
073
829 at June 30
 2015
 a working capital deficit of $16
523
748 at
June 30
 2015 and there are existing uncertain conditions the Company foresees relating to its ability to obtain working capital
and operate successfully. Management&rsquo;s plans include the raising of capital through the debt and equity markets to fund future operations
and the generating of revenue through its businesses. Failure to raise adequate capital and generate adequate sales revenues could
result in the Company having to curtail or cease operations.


 even if the Company does raise
sufficient capital to support its operating expenses and generate adequate revenues
 there can be no assurances that the revenues
will be sufficient to enable it to develop business to a level where it will generate profits and cash flows from operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;These
matters raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 the accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.&nbsp;&nbsp;These consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.

ITEM 7A&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK





    
    


ITEM 8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30
 2015 and 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for Years Ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




    
    






Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm



 Inc. and Subsidiaries

 China


sheets of China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. and Subsidiaries as of June 30
 2015 and 2014
 and the related consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss
 cash flows and stockholders&rsquo; deficit for each of the years in the
two-year period ended June 30
 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. and Subsidiaries management is responsible for
these consolidated financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits.


Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company is not required
to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over
financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.&nbsp;&nbsp;An audit also includes examining
 on a test
basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial statements referred to
above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. and Subsidiaries as of June
30
 2015 and 2014
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June
30
 2015
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note A to the consolidated financial
statements
 the Company had net losses of $3
904
494 and $4
761
922 for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
respectively
 an accumulated deficit of $18
073
829 at June 30
 2015 and a working capital deficit of $16
523
748 at June 30
2015
 and there are existing uncertain conditions the Company faces relative to its ability to obtain working capital and
operate successfully.&nbsp;&nbsp;These conditions raise substantial doubt about its&rsquo; ability to continue as a going
concern. Management&rsquo;s plans regarding these matters are also discussed in Note A.&nbsp;&nbsp;The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


 Gunteski &amp; Co.
 P.A.

 2015

 NJ&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    







    
    



 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




    
    
    

    



    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
10
016
24
782

    
673
006
1
077
506

    
285
981
233
412

    
7
703
11
900

    
1
549
73
745

    
978
255
1
421
345


 net of accumulated depreciation of $525
199 and $447
749 at June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
1
398
425
1
458
558

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
967
480
5
929
461

    
    
6
721


 net of accumulated
    amortization of $18
378 and $15
286 at June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
    
2
975

    
    
1
231

    
8
344
160
8
820
291

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
1
308
558
1
300
221

    
5
966
052
5
928
042

    
3
997
629
3
151
033

    
1
593
996
1
389
124

    
951
068
601
339

    
2
486
436
334
372

    
71
034
72
505

    
247
663
261
671

    
879
567
873
964

    
17
502
003
13
912
271

    
513
760
510
487

    
18
015
763
14
422
758

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 44
397
297 shares issued and outstanding at June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
44
398
44
398

    
7
738
746
7
606
599

    
(18
073
829
(14
169
335

    
619
082
915
871

    
(9
671
603
(5
602
467

    
    
    

    
8
344
160
8
820
291



statements.



    
    



 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS&nbsp;


    
    
    

    
 June 30


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
272
607
2
610
024

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
185
679
2
089
423


 general and administrative expenses
1
278
771
1
839
780

    
525
903
2
537
697

    
76
664
77
909

    
    
24
905

    
2
067
017
6
569
714

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
110
084
802
232

    
2
110
084
802
232

    
    
    

    
(3
904
494
(4
761
922

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(3
904
494
(4
761
922

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(296
789
211
796

    
    
    

    
(4
210
283
(4
550
126

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
44
397
297
44
397
297



statements.



    
    



 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




    
    
    

    
 June 30


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(3
904
494
(4
761
922

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
76
664
86
644

    
    
    

    
    
24
762

    
525
903
2
051
386

    
132
147
108
548

    
    
    

    
(114
494
(680
426

    
(51
072
30
249

    
72
669
273
801

    
4
273
(6
914

    
6
764
675
246

    
1
239
7
619

    
345
873
80
624

    
(1
936
(77
483

    
(15
686
(136
007

    
1
768
989
47
447

    
(1
152
891
(2
275
429

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(5
929
461

    
(5
134
    

    
(5
134
(5
929
461

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
241
362
7
859
661

    
(28
299
    

    
204
872
141
511

    
1
413
843
8
001
172

    
    
    

    
(270
584
209
046

    
    
    

    
(14
766
5
328

    
    
    

    
24
782
19
454

    
    
    

    
10
016
24
782



statements.



    
    



 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




    
    
    

    
 June 30


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
154
635

    
    
    



statements.



    
    



 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo;
DEFICIT
FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2015 AND 2014



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 June 30
 2013
44
397
297
44
398
7
498
051
(9
407
413
704
075
(1
160
889

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
108
548
    
    
108
548

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2014
    
    
    
(4
761
922
    
(4
761
922

    
    
    
    
    
211
796
211
796

    
 June 30
 2014
44
397
297
44
398
7
606
599
(14
169
335
915
871
(5
602
467

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
132
147
    
    
132
147

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2015
    
    
    
(3
904
494
    
(3
904
494

    
    
    
    
    
(296
789
(296
789


 June 30
 2015
44
397
297
44
398
7
738
746
(18
073
829
619
082
(9
671
603



statements.



    
    



 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2015 AND 2014


 PRESENTATION AND GOING CONCERN




 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 was
incorporated under the laws of Nevada on June 24
 2004.


 2004
 the Company acquired 55% of Yanbian Huaxing
Ginseng Industry Co. Limited (&ldquo;Yanbian Huaxing&rdquo;)
 which is located in China and
 is in the business of farming
 processing
distribution
 and marketing of Asian Ginseng. The company utilizes the Ginseng harvest to produce a Ginseng beverage and buys Ginseng
for the resale market. In August
 2005
 the Company acquired the remaining 45% of Yanbian Huaxing.


 through 20 year leases granted by
the Chinese Government
 approximately 1
500 hectares (3
705 acres) of land used to grow ginseng. The Company had no operations
prior to November 24
 2004. These leases expire through 2024. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forestry Bureau governing
one of the farms approximating 700 hectares (1
730 acres) of land leased by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease
in no longer recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the
farm.


 2005
 the Company acquired Jilin Ganzhi Ginseng
Produce Co. Limited
 whose principal business is the manufacture of Ginseng drinks.


 2005
 the Company incorporated a new
company
 Jilin Huamei Beverage Co. Limited (&ldquo;Jilin Huamei&rdquo;)
 which operates as a sales department for the
Company&rsquo;s earned giving juice and wine
 which are produced by other subsidiaries of the Company.


 2008 the Company acquired Tonghua Linyuan Grape
Planting Co. Limited (&ldquo;Tonghua Linyuan&rdquo;) whose principal activity was the growing
 cultivation and harvesting of a
grape vineyard. The Company plans to produce wine and grape juice but to date has not commenced production. As of June 30
 2012
Tonghua Linyuan leased 750 acres of land on which the grapes were planted. In June 2012
 the Company decided to abandon the growing
and harvesting of grapes due to the poor quality of recent harvests which were not suitable for the production of wine or grape
juice. Accordingly
 the Company abandoned the vineyard has also
decided not to renew its leases with the Chinese Government. The Company will now purchase grapes in the open market to produce
wine and grape juice. On June 30
 2013
 the Company sold the assets and liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan to a third party.


 2012
 the Company approved the incorporation of
a new subsidiary
 Hong Kong Huaxia International Industrial Co.
 Limited (&ldquo;Hong Kong Huaxia&rdquo;) in Hong Kong in order
to sell health and specialized local products. Hong Kong Huaxia was incorporated in Hong Kong on March 18
 2012 and began operations
in April 2012. Hong Kong Huaxia has registered 880
000
000 shares of 1 HKD par value stock in Hong Kong. None of the $113
443
000
(880
000
000 HKD) registered capital of Hong Kong Huaxia has been funded.


 2013
 the Company established a new wholly
owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Huaxia
 Jilin Huaxia Ginseng Co.
 Ltd (&ldquo;Jilin Huaxia&rdquo;) in order to open online store
through Taobao Marketplace
 the biggest online Business to Consumer and Consumer to Consumer platform in Asia
 a subsidiary company
of Alibaba Group
 Hong Kong Huaxia registered capital of $6
000
000 in
Jilin Huaxia.


People&rsquo;s Republic of China and Hong Kong.




activities of China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Yanbian Huaxing Ginseng Co. Limited
 Jilin
Huamei Beverage Co. Limited
 Jilin Ganzhi Ginseng Products Co. Limited
 Tonghua Linyuan Grape Planting Co. Limited and Hong
Kong Huaxia International Industrial
 Co. Limited
 which included Jilin Huaxia Ginseng Co
 Ltd. All intercompany transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation.



    
    





 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2015 AND 2014


 PRESENTATION AND GOING CONCERN
(CONTINUED)




 the
Company had net loss of $3
904
494 and $4
761
922 for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively; an accumulated
deficit of $18
073
829 at June 30
 2015
16
523
748 at June 30
 2015 and there are
existing uncertain conditions the Company foresees relating to its debt and ability to obtain working capital and operate
successfully. Management&rsquo;s plans include the raising of capital through the equity markets to fund future operations
and the generating of revenue through its businesses. Failure to raise adequate capital and generate adequate sales revenues
could result in the Company having to curtail or cease operations.


 even if the Company does raise sufficient capital
to support its operating expenses and generate adequate revenues
 there can be no assurances that the revenues will be sufficient
to enable it to develop business to a level where it will generate profits and cash flows from operations. These matters raise
substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. However
 the accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery
of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.






U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




currency. Assets and liabilities were translated into US dollars at period-end exchange rates. Statement of operations amounts
were translated using the average rate during the period. Gains and losses resulting from translating foreign currency financial
statements are included in accumulated other comprehensive income
 a separate component of stockholders&rsquo; deficit.




 cash equivalents include
investment instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less. There were no cash equivalents at June 30
2015 and 2014.




 ginseng drinks
and supplies and is stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is determined using the First-In
 First-Out (FIFO) Method.



    
    




 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2015 AND 2014










its Ginseng crops. Included in crop costs are seeds
 labor
 applicable overhead including depreciation
 and supplies. Common costs
are allocated in each period based upon the total number of hectares under cultivation during the period.


basis for any impairment in value using management&rsquo;s best estimate as to expected future market values
 yields and costs
to harvest. Costs accumulated on the acres expected to be harvested during the next fiscal year have been classified as a current
asset.




Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 605
 Revenue Recognition. Revenue is recognized when
persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectibility is
reasonably assured.


juice production. Any grown Ginseng not suitable for the beverage production is sold. The Company also purchases Ginseng for
its resale business. Ginseng is planted in the Spring (March) and Fall (September) of each year and is generally harvested in September.
It usually takes 6 years for a Ginseng root to mature
 although
 senior maturity can be 8 years.


which can be sold immediately and stored in refrigerators for up to 3 years and (2) dried Ginseng which is processed and dried
via sunlight and steam machines. Drying is a two month process. Dried Ginseng can be stored up to 5 years. The Company has also
been storing fresh Ginseng for future juice manufacturing.


 it receives orders prior to
harvest. For large orders
 approximately 20% to 30% is paid upon delivery as payment in advance. The balance is billed after the
customer incurs a lengthy inspection process which can take up to 60 days. Until the customer finalizes its inspection and deems
the shipment acceptable
 the shipment is still the property of the Company. Upon customer completion of inspection and approval
the sale is then recognized and the balance of the invoice price is wired to the Company. For smaller orders
 customers pick up
the Ginseng from the Company
 pay in cash at time of pick up and receive an invoice with appropriate sales tax applied and a cash
acknowledgement. On these orders
 revenue is recognized upon shipment/payment. During the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 no
orders were subject to the inspection process.


to sell Ginseng juice and wine. In accordance with these agreements
 the distributors will advance funds to the Company for orders
to be placed. Upon the placement of orders by the distributor
 the Company will ship the product to the distributor and title will
pass to the distributor. In relation to distribution agreements for Ginseng beverages
 it is the Company&rsquo;s policy
 commencing
with the initiation of the distribution agreements
 to allow the distributors to return all unsold products at the end of six months
from the shipment date should the product not be sold and the product has not exceeded the expiration date. The Company is establishing
history as to the quantity of the Ginseng which has been returned in order to determine if a reserve for returns and allowances
is necessary. To date
 returns have been minimal.



    
    



 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2015 AND 2014






 the Company ascertains from each
distributor its&rsquo; current on hand quantity and assesses the situation in order to establish a return allowance
 if necessary.
At June 30
 2015
 no inventory was held on consignment. At June 30
 2015 and 2014
 no amounts were sold on consignment.






estimate of the amount of probable credit losses
 determined by reviewing past due balances and other information. Account balances
are written off against the allowance if management determines the receivable is uncollectible. The Company&rsquo;s standard terms
stipulate payment in 60 days.




using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets
 as follows:&nbsp;


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



 repairs and replacement costs
are expensed as incurred and improvements that extend the useful life of the assets are capitalized. When equipment is sold
or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the accounts and any resulting
gain or loss is recognized in operations.


    
    





 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2015 AND 2014






 (EPS) which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is computed by dividing
the income (loss) available to Common Stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period.
Diluted EPS is based on the weighted-average number of shares of Common Stock and Common Stock equivalents outstanding during the
periods.




. ASC 220-10 requires the reporting of comprehensive income in addition to net income from operations. Comprehensive
income is a more inclusive financial reporting methodology that includes disclosure of information that historically has not been
recognized in the calculation of net income.




for cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term
maturity of these financial instruments.




method of accounting. Under the liability method
 deferred taxes are determined based on differences between financial statement
and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted tax rates in effect in years in which differences are expected to reverse. Valuation
allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts that are expected to be ultimately realized.



    
    



 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2015 AND 2014





 Accounting for Uncertainty
in Income Taxes
positions using a &ldquo;more-likely-than-not&rdquo; approach. Management evaluates their tax positions on an annual basis
 and
has determined that as of June 30
 2015 and 2014
 no additional accrual for income taxes other than the foreign
 federal and state
provisions and related interest and estimated penalty accruals are considered necessary.




 primarily property and equipment
 are reviewed
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable.
Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset
a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used
 or a significant adverse change that would indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets is not recoverable. For long-lived assets to be held and used
 the Company recognizes
an impairment loss only if its carrying amount is not recoverable through its undiscounted cash flows and measures the impairment
loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and estimated fair value.



 defines fair value
establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles
 and expands disclosure about fair
value measurements.




Certain reclassifications have been made to the consolidated
financial statements for the year ended June 30
 2014 to make them comparable to the presentation for the year ended June 30
2015.





 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09

from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606
the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance requires expanded disclosures to provide greater insight into both revenue
that has been recognized and revenue that is expected to be recognized in the future from existing contracts. Quantitative and
qualitative information will be provided about the significant judgments and changes in those judgments that management made to
determine the revenue that is recorded. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance
and has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15

&rdquo; The new guidance addresses management&rsquo;s
responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern and
to provide related footnote disclosures. Management&rsquo;s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are
known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued. The standard will be effective for the first
interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently
assessing the provisions of the guidance and has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated
financial statements.


    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2015 AND 2014

NOTE
C - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property
and equipment is comprised of the following at:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
 472
128
    
    
1
462
749
    

    
    
    
393
100
    
    
388
159
    

    
    
    
30
501
    
    
30
307
    

    
    
    
27
895
    
    
25
092
    

    
    
    
1
923
624
    
    
1
906
307
    

    
    
    
(525
199
    
    
(447
749
    

    
    
    
1
398
425
    
    
1
458
558
    


Substantially
all of the property and equipment is located in China.

Total
Depreciation was $73
682 and $77
077 for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&nbsp; Depreciation is recorded
in the financial statements as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Year
    Ended


    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
73
682
    
    
76
080
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
73
682
    
    
77
077
    


Depreciation
expense is included within Depreciation and amortization on the consolidated Statements of Operations. Capitalized Inventory and
Ginseng Crops are included within the respective balances on the consolidated Balance Sheets.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2015 AND 2014

NOTE
D -DEPOSIT FOR EQUIPMENT PURCHASE

In
November of 2013
 the Company made a deposit of $5
967
480 (RMB 36
474
054) with a supplier for the purchase of equipment for
the Companies ginseng farms. Prior to delivery of the equipment
 the Company determined that this equipment was not best suited
for its&rsquo; farms and cancelled the purchase. The deposit remains on hand with the supplier. The Company and supplier are negotiating
for the delivery of different equipment or the return of the deposit.

NOTE
E -INVENTORY

Inventory
is comprised of the following at:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
67
787
    
    
2
911
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
4
399
    
    
4
371
    

    
    
    
285
981
    
    
233
412
    


At
June 30
 2015 and 2014 there were no shipments of Ginseng at customer locations awaiting inspection and approval that would be
subject to invoicing.

NOTE
F - INVESTMENTS

In
December 2010
 the Company invested $25
027 (RMB 153
000) in Changchun Zhongshen Beverage Co. Ltd. (&ldquo;Zhongshen&rdquo;).
This investment represented a 17% interest in Zhonghsen. Zhongshen is a retailer of ginseng juice and wine. The Company accounts
for this investment utilizing the cost method. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Company determined this investment was
impaired as Zhonghsen ceased operations. As such
 the Company recorded an impairment loss of $24
905 for the year ended June 30
2014.

NOTE
G - GINSENG CROPS

The
Company&rsquo;s business
 prior to June 30
 2009
 was primarily to harvest and sell fresh and dried Ginseng. The growth period
takes approximately 5 to 6 years before harvest can commence and up to 8 years for improved harvest and seedling yields. The Company
is changing its business model to utilize the harvested Ginseng to manufacture Ginseng juice and other Ginseng beverages. It commenced
the juice operation in August 2011. The Company plants selected areas each year and tracks the costs expended each year by planting
area. The Chinese government owns all the land in China.

Currently
the Company has land grants from the Chinese government for approximately 1
500 hectares of land (approximately 3
705 acres) to
grow Ginseng which were awarded in April and May 2005. These grants are for 20 years and the management of the Company believes
that the grants will be renewed as the grants expire in different areas. However
 there are no assurances that the Chinese government
will continue to renew these grants in the future. The planting of new Ginseng is dependent upon the Company&rsquo;s cash flow
and its ability to raise working capital. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forestry Bureau governing one of the farms
approximating 700 hectares (1
730 acres) of land leased by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer recognized.
As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2015 AND 2014

NOTE
G - GINSENG CROPS (CONTINUED)

The
Company has planted approximately 287
984 square meters of land. The Company plans to plant
 over the next 5 years
 100
000 square
meters
 representing approximately 20
000 square meters per year. The Company plans on harvesting the existing 2
664 square meters
of ginseng in 2017.


An
analysis of ginseng crop costs is as follows for each of the applicable periods.:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Beginning
    Crop Costs
    
    
6
721
    
    
681
967
    

Currency
    Conversion Adjustment to Beginning Balance
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Capitalized
    Costs During Year:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
21
162
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Ginseng
    Shelf
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Field
    clearing and cultivation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Farmer
    lease fee net of management fee
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
3
399
    

Total
    Capitalized Costs
    
    
    
    
    
25
557
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Impairment
    of ginseng crops
    
    
(6
721
    
    
    
    

Cost
    of crops harvested
    
    
    
    
    
(700
803
    

    
    
    
(6
721
    
    
(700
803
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Ending
    Crop Costs
    
    
    
    
    
6
721
    

Less:
    Current portion
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Non-Current
    Portion of Crop Costs
    
    
    
    
    
6
721
    


The
cost of harvest is calculated by reference to the planting area and the detailed costs maintained for each planting area. Based
upon the square meters planted by area
 a square meter cost is calculated and applied to the square meters harvested
 rendering
a cost of harvest.

For
each financial reporting period
 the Ginseng crop harvested is valued at net realizable value. If the net realizable value is
lower than carrying value
 an impairment charge is made for the difference.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2015 AND 2014

NOTE
H - AGREEMENTS WITH FARMERS

The
Company has executed agreements with a number of local farmers to grow
 cultivate and harvest Ginseng utilizing the
Company&rsquo;s land grants. The farming contracts commenced in January 2008 and ended in 2013. In connection with these
agreements
 the Company (1) leases sections of the Ginseng land grants to the farmers at approximately $1.50 (10 RMB) per
square meter per year
 (2) provides the seeds and fertilizer to the farmers and clears the land of large debris. These costs
are capitalized by the Company and included in the Ginseng Crop inventory
 (3) pays the farmers a management fee of
approximately $0.50 (4.00 RMB) per square meter per year and (4) the farmers are required to produce 2kg of Ginseng for each
square meter that they manage. The Company pays the farmers market price for their Ginseng. If the harvest is below 2kg per
square meter
 the difference will be deducted from the total payment for Ginseng purchased. If the harvest produces more that
2kg per square meter
 the Company pays approximately $3.00 for every extra kilo. The Company records these agreements on a
net basis by individual farmers. The Company has also recorded a payable to the farmers for the net management fee due to the
farmers. The liability at June 30
 2015 and 2014 was $879
567 and $873
964
 respectively. The receivable and liability
balances for the respective areas will be settled at harvest time when the Company purchases the harvest at the current
market value for Ginseng.

NOTE
I - INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Intangible
assets consist of the patent rights for Ginseng drinks. The cost and related amortization are as follows:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
378
    
    
18
261
    

    
    
    
(18
378
    
    
(15
286
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
2
975
    


Amortization
expense was $2
982 and $1
829 for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

NOTE
J - LOAN PAYABLE TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTION

In
2002
 the Company&rsquo;s subsidiary
 Tonghua Linyuan
 borrowed 2
000
000 RMB from Ji&rsquo;an Qingshi Credit Corporation at an
interest rate of 6.325% per annum with a maturity date of April 4
 2003. The loan is currently in default. In March 2008
 the
lender verbally agreed that no principal or interest need be paid until the company is generating profits. Interest has been paid
on the loan through June 30
 2009 and has been accrued in subsequent periods. The loan is secured by the company&rsquo;s inventory
and equipment. The loan balance at
 June 30
 2015 and 2014 is $327
139 and $325
055
 respectively. The loan balance is included
in Liabilities of Discontinued Operations on the accompanying Balance Sheet.


    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2015 AND 2014

NOTE
K - LOAN  PAYABLE - BUILDING PURCHASE

On
March 2
 2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with Meihekou Hang Yilk Tax Warehousing Logistics
 an auctioneer
 to purchase
office and warehouse facilities. The purchase price was $1
472
128 (RMB 9
000
000). On June 24
 2011
 the Company made payment
of $81
785 (RMB 500
000) leaving a balance of $1
390
343 (RMB 8
500
000). On September 10
 2011
 the Company paid 8
000
000 RMB
through the proceeds of a loan with Merkekou City Rural Credit Union. The loan was due on August 12
 2012. The interest rate is
a floating rate adjusted upwards by 190%. At June 30
 2015
 the Central Bank Rate was 4.85%. Applying the adjustment factor yields
a rate of 18.43%. The loan is secured by the building. The remaining 500
000 RMB was paid as follows: (a) 100
000 RMB in December
2010 and (b) 400
000 RMB in June 2011. On August 30
 2012
 the loan was renegotiated extending the maturity date to August 29
2014 and required principal payments of 1
000
000 RMB (USD 163
570) in September 2012; 1
000
000 RMB (USD 163
570) on August 29
2013; 1
000
000 RMB (USD 163
570) on December 20
 2013 and 5
000
000 RMB (USD 817
848) on August 29
 2014. None of these payments
were made by the Company and the note is thus in default.

NOTE
L - LOAN PAYABLE - EQUIPMENT PURCHASE

On
October 29
 2013
 the Company borrowed $5
966
052 (RMB 36
474
054) in order to fund the acquisition of machinery and equipment
by the Company. The loan term was to February 28
 2014
 and the Company was to pay $211
606 (RMB 1
300
000) in interest over the
life of the loan. The loan is secured by the assets of Jilin Huaxia. On June 30
 2014
 the loan term was extended to December
31
 2015 in order to allow for the Company to receive the proceeds from the deposit made to purchase equipment. The loan has not
been repaid and is in default. See Note D for corresponding deposit for equipment purchase.

NOTE
M - LOAN PAYABLE - OTHER

The
Company has loans with various individuals and finance companies totaling $3
997
629 at June 30
 2015 and $3
151
033 at June 30
 2014. These loans have various maturity dates ranging from on demand to June 30
 2015. The loans bear interest at
3% per month.

NOTE
N - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The
Company had been financing its operations from loans from individuals
 principally residents of China
 who are deemed to be related
parties because of their ownership interest in the Company (shareholders). The individuals have loaned the Company funds which
are interest free
 have no specific repayment date
 and are unsecured. The funds received are evidenced by receipt of cash acknowledgments.
At June 30
 2015 and June 30
 2014 funds borrowed to fund the current operations of the Company were $1
593
996 and $1
389
124
respectively. In accordance with FASB ASC 835-30
 the Company has imputed an interest charge of $132
147 and $108
548 which has
been recorded in the financial statements for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

At
June 30
 2015 and 2014
 the Company had receivables from related parties aggregating $7
703 and $11
900
 respectively.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2015 AND 2014

NOTE
O - PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES

Deferred
income taxes are determined using the liability method for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and
income tax basis of the Company&rsquo;s assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are measured based on the tax rates expected
to be in effect when the temporary differences are included in the Company&rsquo;s tax return. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.

Deferred
tax assets consist of the following at:&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Timing difference
    related to inventory provisions
    
    
    
    
    
1
231
    

Net operating
    losses
    
    
3
371
958
    
    
2
567
252
    

    
    
    
(3
371
958
    
    
(2
567
252
    

Deferred income
    tax asset
    
    
    
    
    
1
231
    



The
deferred tax asset is the result of an inventory provision and related reserve. Under Chinese tax laws
 the Company are not entitled
to a deduction for the provision until the inventory is completely discarded. Accordingly
 the liability has been recorded offset
by a deferred tax asset representing a timing difference.

The
Company has a net operating loss carry forward as follows:&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
290
901
    
    
7
361
710
    

    
    
    
4
196
931
    
    
2
907
296
    

    
    
    
13
487
832
    
    
10
269
006
    


The
operating losses are available to offset future taxable income. The China net operating loss carryforwards can only
be carried forward for five years. The Company does not file a consolidated
tax return in China. Therefore
 the profitability of the individual Chinese companies will determine the utilization of
the carryforward losses. During the year ended June 30
 2015
 net operating losses of $658
668 relating to the
Company&rsquo;s Chinese operations expired. The U.S. carryforward losses are available to offset future taxable income for
the succeeding 20 years and commence expiring in the year 2027.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2015 AND 2014

NOTE
O - PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)

The
components of income before taxes are as follows:&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
For
    the Year Ended
    June 30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
614
859
    
    
(3
630
972
    

    
    
    
(1
289
635
    
    
(1
130
950
    

    
    
    
(3
904
494
    
    
(4
761
922
    



The
provision for income taxes consists of the following:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
For
    the Year Ended


    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


A
reconciliation of the Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate as a percentage of income before taxes and Federal statutory rate for
the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014 respectively
 is as follows:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Earnings taxed at other than United States statutory
    rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2015 AND 2014

NOTE
P - DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

On
June 30
 2013
 the Company discontinued its&rsquo; grape production operations. The Company sold the assets and liabilities of
Tonghua Linyuan
 and closed Tonghua Linyuan. 

The
Company has retained $513
760 and $510
487 in contingent liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan at June 30
 2015 and 2014
respectively. These liabilities are included in Liabilities of Discontinued Operations on the consolidated

139 and accounts
payable and accrued expenses of $186
321 at June 30
 2015 and a loan payable to a financial institution of $325
055 and
accounts payable and accrued expenses of $185
432 at June 30
 2014.



The
Company has employment agreements with various individuals in China. The following summarizes the contractual commitments under
these agreements:



    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    

    
    
    
43
555
    

    
    
    
20
529
    

    
    
    


    


On August
18
 2015
 Mr. Liu tendered his resignation as Chairman
 Director and Chief Executive Officer. As a result of his resignation
 the Company&rsquo;s
contractual commitment was reduced to $27
714 and $12
709 for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2017
 respectively
 or $40
423
in total.

The
Company has one year leases for its corporate offices in China aggregating 220
190 RMB per year (USD $36
016)
expiring between December 31
 2015 and May 21
 2016. The commitments for these leases at June 30
 2015 was 123
280 RMB (USD
$20
165).



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2015 AND 2014

NOTE
Q - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)

The
Chinese government owns all the land in China. Currently
 the Company has grants from the Chinese government for approximately
1
500 hectares of land (3
705 acres) to grow Ginseng. These grants are for 20 years. There is no assurance that the Chinese government
will continue to renew these grants in the future. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forestry Bureau governing one of the
farms approximating 700 hectares (1
730 acres) of land leased by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer
recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.

The
Company had a 15 year lease with the Representative of Group One Farmer
 Si&rsquo;An City
 Qingshi
 Qingshi Town
 Qingshi Village
China to lease 750 acres to grow and harvest grapes. The lease expired December 31
 2014. The annual lease fee is 187
500 RMB
or approximately $30
500 per year to lease the acreage. The land and buildings on the premises have a separate lease concurrent
with the property lease. The Company did not renew the lease.


Company has a 5 year lease to refrigerate and store fresh Ginseng
 which is valid until terminated by the parties. The annual
lease fee approximates $15
500 per year.

Rent expense was $20
959 and $32
584 for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

NOTE
R - CONCENTRATIONS

In
the year ended June 30
 2015
 no customer accounted for more than 10% of revenues.

In
the year ended June 30
 2014
 one customer accounted for 64% of revenues and another two customers accounted for 25% of revenues.
No other customer accounted for more than 10% of revenues.

NOTE
S - OPERATING SEGMENTS

The
Company currently has two operating segments
 (1) the cultivation and harvest of Ginseng for the production of Ginseng
beverages and (2) the retail sales of cosmetics and health supplements.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2015 AND 2014

NOTE
S - OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

The
Company&rsquo;s reportable business segments are strategic business units that offer different products. Each segment is managed
separately because they require different productions techniques and market to different classes of customers.

Year
ended June 30
 2015:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Parent
    Company
    
    
    
    
Supplements
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
272
607
    
    
272
607
    

    
    
    
(1
289
635
    
    
(2
494
179
    
    
(120
680
    
    
(3
904
494
    

    
    
    


    
    
8
160
479
    
    
79
891
    
    
8
344
160
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
568
    
    
74
496
    
    
    
    
    
76
664
    

    
    
    
443
935
    
    
1
666
149
    
    
    
    
    
2
110
084
    

    
    
    
1
683
    
    
3
451
    
    
    
    
    
5
134
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Year ended June 30
 2014:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Parent
    Company
    
    
    
Cosmetics/
Supplements
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
2
480
717
    
    
129
307
    
    
2
610
024
    

    
    
    
(1
130
950
    
    
(3
366
551
    
    
(264
421
    
    
(4
761
922
    

    
    
    
17
243
    
    
8
746
149
    
    
56
899
    
    
8
820
291
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
582
    
    
75
928
    
    
    
    
    
77
909
    

    
    
    
46
873
    
    
543
053
    
    
212
306
    
    
802
232
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
24
905
    
    
    
    
    
24
905
    





 2015
 the Company closed a
private placement to sell a Series A Convertible Debenture for a price of $1
600
000. The Series A Convertible Debenture is convertible
into 4
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a price of $0.40 per share. The Series A Convertible Debenture carries
no interest and matures in 36 months. The Series A Convertible Debenture also has a prepayment clause pursuant to which the Company
may repurchase all or a portion of the outstanding Convertible Debenture in cash for 100% of the face value on ten business days&rsquo;
notice at any time after the twelve month anniversary of the closing; provided that the Investor shall have the right to convert
the Convertible Debenture within five business days after written notice of such prepayment.


 2015
 Mr. Changzhen Liu
tendered his resignation as the Company&rsquo;s Chairman
 Director and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Liu&rsquo;s resignation did
not result from any disagreement regarding any matter related to the Company&rsquo;s operations
 policies or practices.


 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s
Board of Directors accepted Mr. Liu&rsquo;s resignation and simultaneously appointed Mr. Guoqin Yin as its Chairman
 Director and
Chief Executive Officer. The Company is currently negotiating the terms of Mr. Yin&rsquo;s employment agreement


    
    


ITEM 9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;CHANGES IN AND
DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES


 nor had any disagreements with our accountants
regarding our accounting or financial disclosure in the last two fiscal years.





    
    



 with the participation of the Company&rsquo;s
Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;) and the Chief Financial Officer (&ldquo;CFO&rdquo;)
 evaluated the effectiveness of
the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on
this evaluation
 the CEO and CFO concluded that
 as of the end of such period
 the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures
were ineffective to ensure that information that is required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s
rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company&rsquo;s management
 including the CEO and CFO
 as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.



    
    



errors and all instances of fraud. Controls and procedures
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the controls and procedures are met. Further
 the design of controls and procedures
must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of the inherent limitations in all controls and procedures
 no evaluation of controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance
that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud
 if any. The design of controls and procedures also is
based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed
in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.


internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Because of inherent
limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 smaller reporting companies face additional limitations.
Smaller reporting companies employ fewer individuals and may find it difficult to properly segregate duties. Often
 one or two
individuals control every aspect of the Company&rsquo;s operations and are in a position to override any system of internal control.
Additionally
 smaller reporting companies tend to utilize general accounting software packages that lack a rigorous set of software
controls.


over financial reporting as of June 30
 2015. In making this assessment
 management used the criteria established in Internal Control
- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The objective of
this assessment is to determine whether our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30
 2015. Based
on our assessment utilizing the criteria issued by COSO
 management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective as of June 30
 2015 due to the existence of the following material weaknesses:



    
    

 2015
 there was a lack of accounting personnel with the requisite knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;) in the U.S. and financial reporting requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission;




    
    

 2015
 there were insufficient written polities and procedures to ensure the correct application of accounting and financial reporting with respect to the current requirements of GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements.




    
    

 2015
 there was a lack of segregation of duties
 in that we only had one person performing all accounting related duties;




    
    




    
    

 2015
 there was no independent audit committee.



internal control over financial reporting
 our management believes that the financial statements included in its reports fairly
present in all material respects the Company&rsquo;s financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows for the periods
presented.&nbsp;&nbsp;We continue to evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls and procedures on an on-going basis. Once
our cash flows from operations improve to a level where we are able to hire additional personnel in financial reporting
 we plan
to improve our internal controls and procedures by hiring an experienced controller and building an internal accounting team with
sufficient in-house expertise in US GAAP reporting.&nbsp;However
 due to the limited cash flow we are currently having
 we can
not assure you when we will be able to implement those remediation methods.



    
    



(as such term is defined in Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter covered by this
report that has materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.







ITEM 10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 





directors and executive officers as of the date of this filing. The board of directors elects our executive officers annually.&nbsp;&nbsp;A
majority vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill vacancies.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each director shall be elected for the
term of one year
 and until his successor is elected and qualified
 or until his earlier resignation or removal.




    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
 Ltd.; Director

    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    


Yin
 Guoqin 
the Chief Executive Officer on August 19
Mr. Yin has profound experience as an entrepreneur and managing companies.
He established and serves as the legal representative of the following companies: Danyang Youde Healthcare Consulting Co.
 Ltd
and Changfeng Youde Liquor Co.
 Ltd. since in June 2015
 Danyang Youde Commodity Trading Co.
 Ltd. since September 2014
 and Danyang
City Haifei Lock Factory since 2008. During the period of 1986 to 2002
 he was also a Director of Fangxian Town Jinmei Paper Box
Factory (name changed to Danyang City Xinhua Paper Product Factory) in Danyang City Jiangsu Province. One of his companies was
elected as one of the top 10 individually-owned businesses of Danyang City in 1999
 and he also received Glory Star issued by Zhenjiang
City Danyang Commerce and Industry Bureau for five consecutive years. Mr. Yin graduated from Danyang City Fangdxian Town Zhulin
Middle School in 1979.

Liu
 Changzhen
Officer upon our formation until September 19
 2015.&nbsp;&nbsp;Between 1995 and 2004
 he was Chairman and General Manager of Ginseng
Group in Jilin Province
 China.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a founder of the Company
 Mr. Liu has a deep understanding of all aspects of our
business and substantial experience of developing corporate strategy
 assessing emerging industry trends. (*On August 18
 2015
Mr. Liu tendered his resignation as the Company&rsquo;s Chairman
 Director and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Liu&rsquo;s resignation
did not result from any disagreement regarding any matter related to the Company&rsquo;s operations


 2015
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors accepted Mr. Liu&rsquo;s resignation and simultaneously appointed
Mr. Guoqin Yin as its Chairman
 Director and Chief Executive Officer.

Ren
 Ying
2001 to August 2005
 Ms. Ren was CFO of Guofu Group Inc.
 a manufacturer and exporter of auto parts. In June 1980
 Ms. Ren received
a Bachelor Degree from Taxation (Revenue) College.



    
    


Cai
 joined us as Chief Marketing Officer in February 2008. From February 2004 to December 2005
 Mr. Cai was Sales
Director of AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals. From January 2006 to March 2007
 Mr. Cai was Sales Manager of Shanghai Pharmaceutical
Group. From April 2007 to January 2008
 Mr. Cai was Sales Manager of Gaitianly Pharmaceutical Corporation. In 1965
 Mr. Cai received
an MBA fro Maastricht Management College in the Netherlands.

Zhang
 joined us as Director and General Manager of Jilin Ganzhi Ginseng Products Co.
 Ltd in September 2005. From
2002 to 2005
 Mr. Zhang was Chairman and General Manager of Jilin Ganzhi. He contributes to the Board his knowledge of the company
and a deep understanding of the Jilin Ganzhi aspects of our business
 products and markets
 as well substantial experience developing
corporate strategy
 assessing emerging industry trends
 and business operations. Mr. Zhang received a Bachelor Degree from Jiling
Agricultural University in China.

Sun
 joined us as Director and General Manager of Tonghua Linyuan Grape Planting Co.
 Ltd in March 2008. From June 1998
to March 2008
 he was General Manager of Tonghua Linyuan. He contributes to the Board his knowledge of the company and a deep understanding
of the Tonghua Linyuan aspects of our business
 products and markets
 as well substantial experience developing corporate strategy
assessing emerging industry trends
 and business operations. Mr Sun graduated from economic management department at Tonghua Normal
University in China.

Ouyang
 joined us as Director in June 2004. Since June 2005
 Ms. Ouyang has been Chairman of the Board of Zhoanghui Daoming
Investment and Management Co.
 Ltd. From February 2002 to May 2005
 she was director and deputy general manager at International
Settlements Department of Head Office of CITIC Bank and International Finance Holding Investment Department of CITIC. Ms. Ouyang
has extensive experience in assets management and financial and investment affairs.

Song
 joined us as Director upon formation in November 2005. From December 2007 to date
 Mr. Song has been Chief Strategist
at the China Ministry of Information Industry Research Institute. From May 2005 to December 2007
 Mr. Song was a Researcher at
China Development Strategy Studies Center. From September 2001 to April 2005
 he was in the PhD program in Management at Beijing
Jialtong University and received his degree in April 2005. Mr. Song has substantial educational experience as well as experience
in business strategy and research.








 director
 or persons nominated for such positions
promoter or significant employee has been involved in the last ten years in any proceeding set forth in Item 401 of Regulation
S-K.




Audit
 Compensation
 and Nominating or Governance Committees as standing committees. The Board does not have an executive committee
or any committees performing a similar function. We are not currently listed on a national securities exchange or in an inter-dealer
quotation system that has requirements that a majority of the board of directors be independent. The Board has determined that
the two members of the Board are independent.


we did not have an Audit Committee. Furthermore
 we are currently quoted on the Pink Sheets under the symbol &ldquo;CSNG&rdquo;
and the Pink Sheets does not have any listing requirements mandating the establishment of any particular committees. For these
same reasons
 we did not have any other separate committees during the fiscal year ended June 30
 2015; all functions of a nominating
committee
 audit committee and compensation committee were performed by our whole board of directors. Our board of directors intends
to appoint such persons and form such committees as are required to meet the corporate governance requirements imposed by the national
securities exchanges as necessary. Therefore
 we intend that a majority of our directors will eventually be independent directors
and at least one director will qualify as an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert.&rdquo;

Board Leadership Structure and the Board&rsquo;s Role in
Risk Oversight. 


Executive Officer of the Company holding the position as Chairman of the Board of Directors.



    
    



the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board as the Board believes it is in the best interests of the Company
to make that determination based on the position and direction of the Company and the membership of the Board. The Board believes
that there is no one best leadership structure model that is most effective in all circumstances and retains the authority to separate
the position of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in the future if such change is determined to be in our best interests and
the best interests of our shareholders.


has the Chief Executive Officer (who is the Corporation&rsquo;s principal executive officer and a director) who also acts in the
capacity as Board Chairman
 without a designated independent lead director. This structure creates efficiency in the preparation
of the meeting agendas and related Board materials as the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer works more directly with those
preparing the necessary board materials and is more connected to the overall daily operations of the Company. Agendas are also
prepared with the permitted input of the full Board of Directors allowing for any concerns or risks of any individual director
to be discussed as deemed appropriate. The Board believes that the Company has benefited from this structure and
 Mr. Liu&rsquo;s
continuation in the combined role of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is in the best interests of the shareholders.


allows for efficient and effective oversight
 given the Company&rsquo;s relatively small size (both in terms of number of employees
and in scope of operational activities directly conducted by the Company)
 its corporate strategy and its focus on research and
development. The Board of Directors does not have a specific role in risk oversight of the Company. The Chairman
 President and
Chief Executive Officer and
 as needed
 other executive officers and employees of the Company provide the Board of Directors with
information regarding the Company&rsquo;s risks.




 directors
and persons who own more than 10% of any class of our securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act to file reports
of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers
 directors and greater than 10% stockholders are required by SEC regulation
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.


 we believe that
there was compliance with all filing requirements of Section 16(a) applicable to our officers
 directors and 10% stockholders during
the fiscal year ended June 30
 2013.






 earned
by
 or paid to our Chief Executive Officer
 our two most highly compensated executive officers other than our PEO who occupied
such position at the end of our latest fiscal year and up to two additional executive officers who would have been included in
the table below except for the fact that they were not executive officers at the end of our latest fiscal year
 by us
 or by any
third party where the purpose of a transaction was to furnish compensation
 for all services rendered in all capacities to us for
the latest three fiscal years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014.






        
Position
(a)
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
        
    
    

        
        
        
    
    

        
        
        
        
($)(g)
    
    

        
        
        
Earnings
($)(h)
    
    

        
        
        
($)(i)
    
    

        
        
    

Liu Changzhen
 
Former Chairman of the 
Board and CEO
    
    
    
        
        
        
    
    
    
$15
703
15
631
15
108
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
$15
703
15
631
15
108
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Ying Ren

    
    
    
    
    
    
$5
889
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
$5
889
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
862
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
862
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
664
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
664
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cai Xiaohua

    
    
    
    
    
    
$19
628
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
$19
628
    

    
    
    
    
        
        
    
    
    
19
539
17
564
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

539

564
    






    
    



maintain with the following individuals:

Liu
 Changzhen



    
    
Contract Period: January 1
 2014 to August 19
 2015

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Remuneration: approximately $1
309 per month; $15
703 per year


Ren
 Ying



    
    
Contract Period: January 1
 2014 to January 1
 2017

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Remuneration: approximately $491 per month; $5
889 per year


Cai
 Xiaohua



    
    
Contract Period: February 1
 2014 to February 1
 2017

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Remuneration: approximately $1
636 per month; $19
628 per year





officers concerning unexercised options
 stock that has not vested
 and equity incentive plan awards as of June 30
 2015.

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END
JUNE 30
 2015



    
    


        Options
        
        
    
    

        
Securities Underlying Unexercised
        
Options
        
        
    
    

        
Incentive Plan Awards: Number of
        Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options
        
    
    

        
        
    
    
    
    
    

        
of Shares
or Units
of Stock That
        
Have Not Vested
        
    
    

        
        
        
    
    

        
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: Number Of
        Unearned Shares
 
Units or 
Other 
Rights That Have Not Vested
        
    
    

        
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Market 
or
        Payout 
Value of Unearned Shares
 
Units or 
Other 
Rights That Have Not Vested
        
    

Liu Changzhen
 Former Chairman of the Board
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    





committee service
 service as chairman of the board or a committee
 and meeting attendance) with directors. Our directors have
not received any kind of compensation including cash
 stock
 options
 non-equity incentive plan compensation
 nonqualified deferred
compensation earnings or other compensation for fiscal year 2015.

Compensation Policies and Practices as they Relate to Risk
Management


do not encourage excessive or unnecessary risk-taking and that the level of risk that they do encourage is not reasonably likely
to have a material adverse effect on us. The design of our compensation policies and practices encourages our employees to remain
focused on both our short- and long-term goals.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.


beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of September [ ]
 2015 by (i) each person (or group of affiliated persons) who is known
by us to own more than five percent (5%) of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock
 (ii) each director
 executive officer and
director nominee
 and (iii) all of our directors
 executive officers and director nominees as a group. As of October 10
 2015
we had 44
397
297 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding.


and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. For purposes of this table
 a person or group of
persons is deemed to have &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo; of any shares of common stock that such person has the right to acquire
within 60 days of September [ ]
 2015. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock held
by each person or group of persons named above
 any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days
of September [ ]
 2015 is deemed to be outstanding for such person
 but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute
an admission of beneficial ownership. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 because the Series M Preferred Stock votes on as converted
basis with the Common Stock
 we have included the owners of such stock in this table. Accordingly
 we calculate beneficial ownership
for purposes of this table as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    





60 days




    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Liu
 Jing
    
    
2
220
839
    
    
    
    
    
    

21 Minqing Street

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Daoli District

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Har&rsquo;erbin
 China
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Wang
 Shuchun [1]
    
    
2
513
749
    
    
    
    
    
    

No1
 Building 6
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Sun Village Century Living

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Changchun City
 China
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
513
749
    
    
    
    
    
    

No1
 Building 6
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Sun Village Century Living

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Changchun City
 ChinaT
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Ouyang
 Qing
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Beijing
 China
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Sun
 Hui
    
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Tonghua
 Jilin
 China
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Zhang
 Yingdong
    
    
30
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

703 Dongfeng St

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Luyuan District

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Changchun City
 Jilin
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Zhang
 Yuxiang
    
    
35
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Meihekou
 Jilin
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Liu
 Changzhen
    
    

100

    
    
    
    
    
    



No 23-6 Hongqi Street

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Zhaoyang District

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Changchun City

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Ren
 Ying
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Zhizhong Road

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Nanguan District

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Changchun City

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Jilin
 China
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cai
 Xiaohua
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Zhaoyang Dist
 Beijing
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Song
 Jiankun
    
    
550
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

502
 3-1- Wenhuiyuan
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 Guoqin [3]





 Jiangsu Province
 China
    
    
4
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
865
000
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    



records. Applicable percentages are based upon 44
397
297 shares of common stock outstanding as of October 13
 2015.


963
749 in the name of Lianhua Wang and 550
000
shares in the name of Shuchun Wang
 husband and wife.


000 shares of common stock from August
12
 2004; however
 he also has voting power of 9
550
200 shares of common stock purchased by his relatives and friends in certain
Regulation S Private Placements from 2002 to 2007. A list of shareholders owning the 9
550
200 shares is filed as Exhibit 10.27
to our Form 10-K for year ended June 30
 2012.

[3] Mr.

 Director and Chief Executive Officer on August 19
 2015.


a Series A Convertible Debenture on July 21
 2015 at a price of $1
600
000
 convertible into 4
000
000 shares of Common Stock at

the exemption from securities registration afforded by Regulation S (&ldquo;Regulation S&rdquo;) as promulgated under the Securities
Act of 1933
 as amended.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE




individuals
 principally residents of China
 most of whom are shareholders or immediate family members of shareholders. These loans
were recorded in the Company&rsquo;s financial statement as related party loans. The individuals have loaned the Company funds
which are interest free
 have no specific repayment date
 and are unsecured. The funds received are evidenced by receipt of cash
acknowledgments.




 2015 and 2014
 the Company had receivables from
related parties aggregating $7
703 and $11
900. These balances relate to unsettled business and travel advances. The amounts advanced
by individual are as follows:



    
June 30
 2015
June 30
 2014

    
3
758
    

    
    
    

    
2
927
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 Yu (7)
    
2
710

    
    
    


 Hui (8)
    
8
125

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
703
11
900





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    




    
Ms. Liu
 Yu is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;

    
    



 2015 and 2014
 funds borrowed to fund the current
operations of the Company were $1
593
996 and $1
389
124
 respectively.&nbsp;



    


2015


2015


 Jichang(1)
81
488
88
845.00

    
 Yilin(2)
300
205
300
205.00


 bai ling(3)
12
431
12
352.00

    
 Changzheng(4)
312
156
271
192.00

    
 Ying(5)
49
913
33
080.00

    
 Shuang(6)
102
452
102
446.00

    
4
907
4
876.00

    
 Zhigang(8)
106
511
106
511.00

    
 hongyan(9)
3
819
3
795.00

    
 Jianzhou(10)
123
472
122
967.00

    
2
891
2
635.00

    
    
32
506

    
5
202
4
226.00

    
Fungling (14)
4
057
7
444

    
7
724
3
286.00


 Jiazhen (16)
3
926
6
501


 Chunhui (17)
3
893
6
209

    
3
893
4
031.00


 Changjiang (19)
5
345
3
543

    
 Tao(20)
3
666
4
027.00


 Wen Ying (21)
14
931
14
931.00

    
40
058
5
374.00


 Jinhong (23)
1
422
1
422


 Chueng Yuk (24)
121
722
105
202.00

    
 Fanrong(25)
54
742
19
028

    
 Yaqin(26)
26
849
26
849.00

    
 Changfu(27)
12
610
12
610.00

    
 Fanyi(28)
16
438
16
438.00

    
 Xiuyan(29)
12
594
12
594.00

    
 Fanmin(30)
10
968
10
968.00

    
 Na(31)
9
814
9
752.00

    
14
286
14
286.00

    
 Lipo(33)
54
453
8
346.00

    
 Yao(34)
3
271
3
251.00

    
 Fengchun(35)
4
989
4
957.00

    
31
634
    

    
14
719
    

    
10
545
2
439

    
1
593
996
1
389
124




    
    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Ms. Zhang
 bai ling is employee of the Company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Mr. Liang
 Shuang is an employee of the Company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Mr. Zhang
 Fuling is an employee of the Company
 he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
    
    

    
    
Ms. Wang
 Jiazhen is an employee of the Company shareholder; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Mr. Wang
 Changjiang is an employee of the Company;&nbsp;&nbsp;he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Mr.&nbsp;&nbsp;Chang
 Chueng Yuk is ; a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;&nbsp;&nbsp;he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
    
    

    
    
Ms.Liu Yaqin is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. She is a cousin of Mr. Liu
 Changzheng
 the CEO of the Company;

    
    
    

    
    
Mr. Kong Fanyi is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. He is a brother in law of Mr. Liu
 Changzheng
 the CEO of the Company;

    
    
    

    
    
Ms. Kong Fanming is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company; she is sister in law of Mr. Liu Changzhou
 the CEO of the Company;

    
    
Ms. Li Na is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company; she is a nephew of Mr. Liu
 Changzheng
 the CEO of the Company;

    
    
Mr
 Liu Yu&nbsp;is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;

    
    
Mr. Liu
 Lipo&nbsp;is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
Company; she is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
    
    
of the Company;





    
    





members that qualify as &ldquo;independent&rdquo; as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(15) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. Ouyang
 Qing and Song
 Jiankun
are our independent directors.






by Cowan
 Gunteski &amp; Co.
 P.A. for the audit of the registrant&rsquo;s annual financial statements and review of financial
statements included in the registrant&rsquo;s quarterly reports or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 were approximately $93
000 and $93
000
 respectively.















    
    






ITEM 15. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS


Schedules See &ldquo;Index to Consolidated Financial Statements&rdquo; on page F-1







    
Yanbian Huaxing Ginseng Industry Co. Ltd Acquisition Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)




    
Meihekou City Ginseng Company
 Acquisition Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)

    
Tonghua Linyuan Grape Planting Co. Acquisition Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)






    
Articles of Incorporation of China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)

    
By-laws of China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)






    
Form of Common Stock Certificate of the China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)






    
Employment Agreement - Ren
 Ying dated January 2
 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-K for year ended June 30
 2014)

    
Employment Agreement - Liu
 Changzhen 
 dated January 2
 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-K for year ended June 30
 2014)

    
Employment Agreement - Cai
 Xiaohua
 dated January 2
 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-K for year ended June 30
 2014)

    
Form of Farmer Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Form 10-12G filled on November 10
 2010)

    
    

    
Land Rental Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)

    
Drink formula for our ginseng beverages registered patent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)

    
Health Food Production Permit for Jinlin Ganzhi issued on February 17
 2014 (Filed herewith)

    
    

    
Ganzhi Ginseng Beverage approval No. SFDA G20090249 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)

    
Ganzhi American Ginseng Beverage approval No. SFDA G20090208 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)

    
        
        
        
        
    

        dated July 1
 2015 (Filed herewith)

 dated July 21
 2015
 by and among
        China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc.. and Investor Identified therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed
        on July 24
 2015)

to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K filed on July 24
 2015)




    
    






    
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to our Form 10-12G/A filled on May 31
 2011)

    
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.2 to our Form 10-12G/A filled on May 31
 2011)

    
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.3 to our Form 10-12G/A filled on May 31
 2011)

    
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.4 to our Form 10-12G/A filled on May 31
 2011)






    
    

    
    

    
    






    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.)

    
Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.)




    
    





Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant duly caused this Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
CHINA GINSENG HOLIDNGS
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
Yin
 Guoqin 

    
    
    

 Guoqin
        

    
    
    

    
    
Ren
 Ying

    
    
Ren
 Ying

    
    
    

    
    
    

Date: October 13
 2015
    
    



of 1934 this Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.



Date: October 13
 2015
    
/s/ Zhang
 Yuxiang

    
    
    


 Yuxiang
        

    
    
    
    

Date: October 13
 2015
    
/s/ Sun
 Hui

    
    
    
    

 Hui
        

    
    
    
    

Date: October 13
 2015
    
/s/ Ouyang
 Qing

    
    
    
    

 Qing
        

    
    
    
    

Date: October 13
 2015
    
/s/ Song
 Jiankun

    
    
    
    

 Jiankun
        

    
    
    
    

Date: October 13
 2015
    
Yin
 Guoqin

    
    
    
    

 Guoqin
        




    













     








    
    





Industrial Co.
Ltd.


 Changzhen

ID
number:


 Fei



Considering
fixed assets haven&rsquo;t been put in the right place
 Hong
Kong Huaxia decided to return the fixed assets
 but the purchase funds have not been returned yet. So Party B agreed to postpone
the repayment of $ 6
000
000 from 30 Jun 2015 to 31 Dec 2015 through consultations.

Party
A: Hong Kong Huaxia International Industrial Co.
 Ltd. (Stamp)

Legal
representative signature:


 Fei







    















     








 Guoqin Yin certify that:&nbsp;


Ginseng Holdings Inc..


 this annual report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;


 the financial statements
 and
other financial information included in this annual report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this annual report;


are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:



    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.




    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and



officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):



    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.



 2015&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    


    


    




    













     








 Ying Ren
 certify that:


Form 10-K of China Ginseng Holdings Inc..


 this annual report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
annual report;


 the financial statements
and other financial information included in this annual report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this annual report;


officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have:



    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.




    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and



officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):



    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




 2015





    
    


    


    


    





    














     







18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


Inc.(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30
 2015
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rsquo;)
 I
 Guoqin Yin
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for
the periods indicated.


 2015



    
    

    

    





    













     






&nbsp;18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


Inc.(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30
 2015
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rsquo;)
 I
 Ying Ren
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated.


 2015




    
    


    


    


    








    













begin 644 img001_v2.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! @  9 !D  #_[  11'5C:WD  0 $    /   _^X #D%D
M;V)E &3      ?_; (0 !@0$! 4$!@4%!@D&!08)P@&!@@+# H*PH*#! 
M# P
# P0# X/$ \.#!

M&A41%1H?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?
M'Q\?'Q\?'Q\?_\  $0@ R@(F P$1  (1 0
1 ?_$ +
  0 !!0$!
M       ! @


 P$  A$#$0 _ /JE
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!!BYEFF7978S7^87#+6RMQBFGD-&-%:5)[:F3



M#U/U3ZN_/]IX?\$_&Y/VTZV'J?JGU=^?[3P_X)^-R?MIUL/4_5/J[\_VGA_P


M0$! 0$! 0$'B^MZHZN\YTT^;92FOZ5JUX)^N

M\45=\(\)6FUGNI5WPCPE-INI5WPCPE-INI5WPCPE-INI5WPCPE-INI5WPCPE
M-INI5WPCPE-INI5WPCPE-INI5WPCPE-INI5WPCPE-INI5WPCPE-INI5WPCPE
M-INI5WPCPE-INI5WPCPE-INI5WPCPE-INI5WPCPE-INI5WPCPE-INI5WPCPE



M&2XN

MCZ

4<]YT48TF@U+


MZ_\ Q




M;CNF@2.?R8W#I=J5K+I47_Y6+$6\7H2Z(
8^KC.12O?GOSK5
-95[]4[77=K
M



)
5 #\VPNH!K.M6PU
M1EEX



GE%4=+ZAOSO//PUI]I.N)


86L+0.XC+010;H;_VI=*3.SQ.0MZU$3'&E

.\&@ UTZ=&E6V17J94%O;]]R+#3=#1J[&]I4
M;

+R++K
MBZS.W%N^U#W2-:1W3&BH- 78:[RO




]^
2NQ[M=9[*74G)8I?DF
4[$;Z
MPX=G

0-+Y7G#

?AK3[2=<3^1\W3[)V=<][Q 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$'C.M_


M\-:?:3KC?R






^=:Z=


M @( @( @(-'MI:YK=;*YO;Y22


 J^II2N









A+!5T8T!A


MC

!#!W$9UL;O [R(\AR6+D!'90L%L7&WHP#DR^I=AWJU00,AR5K&,%C&1

G2

;PT:(SOT'O4&R&2Y3B:_


CI.B9=2.N%\E3@:0#A#M*#
CR
M+)HF0LCLH6MMGNDMPUC0(Y'Z7.9HT$H(\@Y+R?)FPAY(R](P8!AY7G*4[Y!5
AV

MI)[00:

VSV:11








MUH.?WEOE=]LWD.SN0QR2PP2V]_G&8X'!T$=I\]-(]Y&)T\KQAH-.M!7E.8;2
M



SO


MS.[#AY-E2UVK0-\H)S#


CR?,L[QWO1O=I!KMC/5/*/PL7R0@W* @(!0;REL4;:AK T'2: ! Y-AK
M5HTBAT;F\@*


MY9&X9&82)&MH






J&N]@\



MS:K+Y=F_1:.QS&.XS**.=LLG=1RAP
;B6NT














M1+F?R&$GD]O9Y6^;W_7

'[%W[



X%U^EBYG4R.C6W-


M$ZE.BVW-

M.CBY<EW(%K =4+?!4]+%/4IT:WYIG G2Q.I3HUMS3.!.EB=2G1;?FF^G1Q.







M'4FB=E9/*



3)ETL=6N;MA



45]^4

XL5.3;0YJZ[L+
M)\+C#
7MN'O9('-)Q$.QG13N5;#DR5SXL7K2O3KJ\VFCN'4AZER?CKGY07SW



MPN8W#5Q.X1CTA4G-XK7A\'H :@'?%5Z


P]S197CL
M:SEC5'9G
K.\L6B!M]!'+RKW

GQ74=7O;(T
Y@N#=0OYW=:X<+Q7$PL-2#V:JV7'3J


3:US
QAE%K'_%,V4.;
MRSJ.#6DH%%C
O9M]&X=FTD65G
)61N;(YK;9L;B0]LCL+
1W.RM-T9655+F
WDF=&2(Y71G!B .D[

SL

S$/NHV4^:F+VQ.(UNCU_L(5I8K=66M9HSMH

M]3QSP?/Y^:AN663;V6]Y
FYG:(YG%YHZ
:FX:T4=/Q:;_!A#9#(TQ='.M:
M1XTEN [OP=B\

MFSV9CAGD;9W!;*\QW%

Q1%HMKAK'0&*6
.DJ


5



]I#L6!TA'S#22V





M:3ABMYF5;9'EELZ!T
9;T8N-OW;CAQZP=_0K]*3Q4O+KX






KRN4W5C
]]W*
MQQ
TH+@UN)Q=@::[E=Q

&MK2KB
M*_M6DSBNE,;'@<#HKH(.A+465BRV1?=SO<W%!<0\E(-0;0DC]ZI5\;HP_1[
MD[::&*=SI)F




T
K27!QK3M$5:52X+XY:10W(HV=$9C$D-LY[S'(VI./4*[F$4
M4;$[U,V1N=$8.D 6?*ON(XG,TB4@^^)[P$IL3,U-KEKV63;=DL+X2]A=+ W
M (J.))J:DE1

M/=]\W9[6?I:?KZ_-


?3W-Y9QQF.$&;!<



MF-NQ\%^R


M
^QB-O:B-[P71EQE.*H:7G$0=ZBO%;%X/868PX%GPP13A5E=JJA_92H*DRCU

MAY^:A\L3 ][6%QHT.(%3ONM%=4QO9(




M(:W1 YD;6D-=W(%=6*E532M-8JY#:.1X+I)HHBX$X2S&#AU4KAPUUT32HMC$
MG?GD$

M8JN_:M=ETU1C9HUC8-I7OG$IN(QAD
 ;(PC$0





4\57EKF/PT(+132:U6&_2MKCX
QV?Y:(
MQ


9&)A#&
4CL

C_NH\-#4M.L:#56FE1=8RF111D

M^:YAH_\ .W?[?_$R+Z/M?@XO/\GE;[*[Y[



MG);B[FN;WE'RR$-=R3
8P U- -QI_8FM1K&+##M6TEQ$V
$8 Z1AC(Q'OQ73


M0\3L:YC0]KJTQLJ&X]\C0EE3






LJQ-89^^2!SVROEAJ89&R-[EI:X87BNEVJJC2U/@N&



M2^K'.#G:75:21V%MCC6&5C.UGMK735671W#J0]3)/QUS\H+YONO^E=GMO@Z
MO+'H^BI6! 0$! 0?(N7_ )?;?5

A6B)2O;4H*Z:Z5 '5OFM17




V!@

)W- 47CB;RLVWRBRMXY8X^5PS
Y-Q+ZG
M2*:-!TI






Y_*O[E_Y'_;ZAWW97BY/-T.#XM=UF_P!QEGY#]'<?G_;C

! 0                $ P0%$   0
# @0#
M!08%!0     ! @
1! 4 $@8A
4$B$P=1811Q@3)(Y&AL3,5
'1X5(THK)S
MLT01  (! P0 !00#           ! A$2 R$Q001188$B$Y&Q




M%)\A-VHM.HBKT51W_C./$YOY
IL,+20RQB5))%B62,NHWIO=1N'Q'AHX-$U1<CY7@9-V
MRZ!/<1.=K4#6@W35Z=E'CV/AHX

B1 
]*C

;O(9;





$



/:Y*-=


M82+(3U*2Q



M%5WQE7!3O7KV.D)T31
.4DD2D$[F\QJ
MWCJ,F2Z5U*!1HC#L.)\AMDL<?)G-V%QS(88HX3'=2QP_RH9IPY#(M!NVHU.

M)

D4MF+5 \BH49KH
=[ ;FHA7P\/B=5)
.VXE9)G
GEKF.&ZEO



MJ&@&@&@&@(J^M


]A[K%9*+U;.Z0JZ^(/=64^#*

M_P 3D7_DMO\ MDUC^TWCZENMR=U'8:\Q;'4-2!H!H!H!H!H!H!H!H!H!H!H!



BL4


M       %!@
$!P(! $!                     !   00! P(% @,%! 4%
MPD) @ ! P0%$1(&(1


M@I+24].4)74VX;)CD[-DM%4FHG.#HT1TE59V$0$
M_]H # 
!  (1 Q$ /P#]4H @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(

&.8J/4R&7 8[4
9LX067KE







MG\1ZN@G4! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$

M7RAXB*_RO+17;

W^F\?J@\\ID:;YRX15?J
6+S$QB^CL[2-!'_W$$W\8


MAMRF5BQDYA&:::S(3%+/
SZ





[[]?H/@@Z2
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @($RG-N+XK)/C



4@@T
M0[==79SU071YV]MWQC

EY=7*6WBX'V



M@QP$XRMJ0MKL)G9W;H@D

9Q<IC I!CTTZ%M NC_1
M!H5_D#AUF*66MDXYPAL25)2C&0]L\+
\@/M%^H[F09Z/



WEY]4$=G^0XS
M TH[F1(PKRV(*HO&!REW;
C11-M!B+J9

'



.DO%9R^9J4Y( N3N4M;U2VH]))=KB4$1
6OD@]Y+^



M6TT\M$'*.'U!?X8K6@PY6YAQN1)LB
H1]HHY[#BVA&):M]S.S((3/RX3*?$N
G<_J6OV

I&(AT\





$@

.OK G;QT07*KE



W1FT;Z(
M+?+@LU+/5D+D%D K3#

M



T RRM(9
\9:DVQO-]4%V^6H#




M8N+:==VK(+A\=Y#B=GC]SD&#._[:Y/++D8;YV9;$5J%W


D^4





\F$
ML$T+1A8*M' 6Z01$FD*(MKB[MT0=.0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0?! 1UVLPZOJ^C::N_BZ 8 ;;3%

3



M$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0
M$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0
M$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0
M$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0



;1PPB4DAET81%M7=_V
@J-#Y0PEGAV(Y7/5N5
?F;$%:I%+$S

F$
MMA?E/3:7DZ#/-FL/!


M#0NV

M[?1V0:/



8&E+8
LK-Z


@WCZ29G9]





M(L[Z
[Z
VFJWUN-9;^L(N1V+%%B&F=&8(:AC/+$4C2 SVF+1@)M=NQ_%T&
MOF9)7DGR$M*UCZT F5J9PQC@XQ:ZS')
1DS
XBL?SVW YPFQB[-I_@ZOP7*6<C@XYY*1U:[NWL;)RU

MA-:D&(D/[09R=FU?3P02 @H?

MPPN^WT;FVD_1GW:


M%Y!-0Q]VE-^B4.[
\$
\L







_37P=!*W\'3S



9BQ7Y?BN.%-%7[8V.+Y(QKOD8(=2@F:
M+5XX;%=R?M#/XL^A

M_JZ


O7X
M[;P.4R4MG!8O+5




%/'5P%R.2Y1CKA9NR


[$S$S.VH


M:OIXH/;LS^+:Z=60$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0
M$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0
M$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0
M$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0
M$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0



M*3(4G*S'#$

M9+&U
C6PEGV]V&.Q#NEK
^R4&


M81S#N!I0*


M31QC$)ENT?5VV^+H).MS3B]G
5\-#D(Y
G;BDGKUAW:G'#IW'9]-OIW-YH)I
MW86=W?1FZN[^#









#;I6@!Y#8-?43

&L7Y

MH^H


M?48E;;]VH


GAL[C\
ME;$'D*O4M0SR,#.S.3C&1/HSNW5!NP9O#6+\F/@O5Y;\+.\M4)0*4=.CZ@S[
MNGF@\Y3D&Q+@V4R%:B\K.\;6)0C<F'Q=F)VU9O-!N0S0S1!-#(
L
C



ML3


XN[?1
M!2^-EE)\1\?0XS.Q#:;B=MNX 1E)4%JU-WV#M_,Z:Y]&?KH_@@W!IUFXO\



-5<77;-9']+NQV8O0$-:M/8JD5B4XHVVMMA+:

KE\?/%C
?!#A^*5:\+
!6[


M)9O_ (DXG&6JN/.F5*_:CM

A6XVCD@C%HS)F$-[2MO;S_



ME!NVN\VW7ZZ

MIP-]D$F1:9K$8?03EKO)M^I.@L7&N:\7Y









M



GQ^[(+6L-//V!CJPF9S02F


=1.-[


M_
)F/&G[9C<HY=7?L&\7:)M===KZ^3A383-8_BMN6KQ6
M@62X7=WXRJ-5ACR=2I&
D$E9QUEBF:





A[=X(8:PR.&]H1E

II




^1EQL-W(0PE%91QO*X.[$\0G)X,1,WB^B#FF/*+F
M?R7A;-7CEK%8CB+7)KLU^J-9CR,HC!#'%HY-+VAWGO%W9NG5!U+)6K-6E+-6
MJG=LVD56
A!S)WT9MQNPBWU=_!OKX((/A?%[F)+)97+3A9Y#G9QL9*2+7LQ
MC&/;@K0:Z/VX Z



#0R3
MXDM

MQ
VCM%OF(Y!]+N/VAX^;H*9C_A+-V


M^





;Q/&;2
XE ;/XB^


M?8ZG4M'/7]U?I2]Z6.897DA F:2.0V#;H7AKKK^5!J9CXPS%+F?+.0X$(K
M
7
L5^GVJTDG9]O;8.T-AW=BW1.'4F'U:^#/KT#3RGP'%_PJXYQ3&6@_5^
6






M0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$$;?Y%C:-EZT[67E86)
M^S4M3CH6NGKAB
?+PU00\OR=Q*/DF
XV4MELOEMY5:Y4[4;L$;:N9]R
-H:M

0U)AU;=X:H-





G:Q.0:M1@ELSOV@Z1P@YEXR?04&2


7C*S9#)9RII&(M$
MYUZK':L



M$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!!S?*87E]'Y1M\J

VCO.6U]XOKHVU!
?U1\@__ .DG_P#Y*H@Q

K9A!:L%



7^C5OU.)H99+4MIY;3QBQ&Q +0QCO9]'\D%A^1*G*K6-Q\?'


\A^0./X)L);KX[ W?UF

Q-KH0OU9_JR#V@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
$L
M!!G*NM3T[.3#$5]9:X/+
5OVCE%ZRW#O8G%_-F\D%RY'E2Q''LIEAC:8L?4

M

V$1Z[M/)

MX]8IV&FO59;6.L@PE#.];3O0ZZLX2Q[
71V?Q0?+O
:](Z$=O'78I
E.U6
MH#A$[E

V-BKR

M:MM+KYH(L.5Y6SS'


[D4C-X^P92Y/3HRVH*LETX6W/6A

1

R.Q'RK\=9GD$G'L7RG;S$3N+

MR\6[6K&;NY;=7+MD[




FW

M%SV-#)X:Y'?Q\AR!':A?=&11&\9[2\9B%VU;H@CJ7R#PR[D*]KEH9+%PY8


M86+MB^GW'HR;O9O$4,466N7(8,8 #*]PS%HMAZ;28]='W:MMT\?)!KT.4X


AD;1Z;WTC$W9FW-XH-_

XPLB$@
Y1OH3
T@@71_P02Z @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @X?F;7'
_\C\?HX+C37(!;


^QV

ISR4
44UN]OGK5':$+&U










)()=.W(+
1P 19






1OHWX


L
J
M]( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(#F'*\AS&



M5N[1YYR
G@EG;BN&+I*U8QFRLP^8M
.L-5G^H=POHXH*]Q_ RU/E'&5L9QNS

\1?Y
M%9OW(\EB@H48V!Z-AK S22N[?S&DC$6V;7\/4^OX()&P)L!R01A)9$':)I'V
M,[^.US83<6=VZ]'0<YQL/+.5?(N+RV7X_+@<3Q2.Z,7N98I7M7K3#QP=MWU

T





M3(SEF?1OYA.VGD+:
C#%T


N4USG=

UM.G[$$
MOQKX_*GSK-<YRAQ%F\O!#3CKUW(H:]: 1;:TAL!&4A Q$^UM/!F\W1Q?&+4
M/-\WR:[
$I78*M#&1!NU@JUV*21BUT;=)/*1/IY
*#5;&?)%;FUF]#E:5[B=
MP09L39C*&Q4

MI2R$PMXSEM%O(69!-H @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(

MH@EW%KT?6P&GU08/U[(AS:OQ^2*%Z\V-FOE.+EO8XIXXF%F?IH[2ZH
=/D-^

(
MF;;-!^YX$\KVO75!DX+R*[G..%D\BT
4HW
A6+M


GR_&8C$-DL
V6U^A.SMKXH(')<]E@S$1@#0XD#-F+

MXBXL[



S-I(&TB]+Z]-='


GEO]Z$MDXDW\EX@(B^U]=4'

U$\C@1[=/2#.1/J^G1F053F_
M+LCCJ%2IA:Y/R#+6HJF
CL0F4?4M\\IB+B3A# )F_5O)O-!-7LW-6HS3Q8ZW
QQDWBVK:=-75Q.;Q.8@EL8NU';AAFDK2R1/JPRQ/M
'_ !9T



MUS

M#(+L^CH-2ORLJ?%QRW)*Q8ZS7JO8RD
02S1Q$ ZR

M:V4Y5DZ_)L#C8:$HULD-PK(R#&\C^WB$PV.TK

EGJ


MCQIF17983LC#&)2$T0$(.;L+.[-N-F9!I5
QE/UJ]#:JO^D#'#)C[81R]PC+

5

18]K%ZM
@L+:O_ -#Y(-3!9K-Y7#T\D6*&



MN*/?7B1A8GD8B)BT9M?0( ;D_X((MSG'VK.(KU9ZUB3.C8/&/$4IB;5&9Y




5ZA


MSQ6
'EL58R83



M]Q
LQD8Y+%@9[@-#2JS$91P6I(8Q$&W[CV VNGGY
@MW=#L]WKLV[]-K[M--




)C/=@DW


MS@
]2U&
U:QDLY%-$;


MU*5@U9B?^)W\4$I7JY6.P,M\9IY)'.0H6$8@?32/:)-N9M'ZN^J#WV
I_U
MN/\ ^I?_ 


M?%\4(0\E
 $ESUXI':-XG)VVSN+]6]+
W5!\GQT


M$TT%1JK




1N$;'
2T9K&!8X] =



H

[L+=-7^G5!3
M

6 1;WE=^@MHS(
?-.05ILSB^'P12GDLL9
MR3$T1B(4*X[[1!
3#'ND'2'1B_.@ULE=A'Y-Q$TE*02I8NS$6UX_061MU@AW


M)WU\D&WQYH;OR+9RE*7O]C&CCLB



!TSSO);]$AITZ_&LG4GJ.
.XYADI
9#)
MZA9GWSEIHW@S(*_C\C+D^1_'N1GAKPV+%W/#*U6/MQEV(IH ?1W)W?9&VKZH



SC)PW[7

M$94[+N0-KZ7=Q9^B0SX/_PPP8#N)^[@6;5W(GTN5?%WU=T%;Q;XKW\-N^[-
MB@JYRQ,+[19OUUCBC=W]+]TMO3\WAYH-S-90)^#EQ[*9$
AR&23'W;3.0'&
M06





O21_J^C()OE

@G\1$=;Y%R-*.Q.]&##T2AJ'*9Q 1V+(D0@3N

9CHX7[MFS)_=0AZ_P!Y%X+.3Z,RH?

ME^K%^I[=OZKV(MVN[7=V?[O73IX:()- 0$! 05SE.!R62R_';=

M1D0OLDJ30-LV]=VZ5D&_1Q]RA7]O4BJPP[B-Q%I.I&^I$3N^I$3OJ[OU=!#X

MA\U8IR1Q&YN\@UJ\0OKVR%Q9I8O#S03

MCG*EQ/(8_$Y&*#

@$A
'CW;8B%^@LS.Q(-R#+?*43P


MXLW[T%9P?LG!8@R%JT%:UCZ(8O5XF]P%2LVSN.9FP=V6;M!O)A%F869O-W







4L^LD):'$_[6\'=!;+5:&U5FJS

AF]/?V8O

IP.S=




(]S^MQ9B)NFK(*WG. Y[]6QU[&
M'6O5

MX)80OU
A;FG4=B:+VE8) =]'83/07]3=4$R&&S0\XR66A***E9QU.J!R
M\CE)!-9







MW:)V;NQNWXMXH)KDF)FS-6MCG;92DL0S7R=^KQ5Y!F:)M'_Z0P$7_LZH)E 0

M
VNO730-?DW'LYD
IB:%*E0CP$4\
]R\Q.%J*.I

TD0:OO;1F\


/(
=G


=F9M086D/3[?#\4'G
MCF/Y2?
\WF

YMH


M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @((F/(9IN3RXZ:@SX@ZK6*N4C+HTHFP25Y0?\S[MX$/BVNNFG4(?'\\*]Q%
MN0A7KQ[JDMIJIVFW


W
MB[N@J^(Y5=LU8I[STZAYBY(''*TIG')/4 =X$3.Q:R'&!2L(M]NFO75!D@Y'
MF;7+_P!$JU*\M*C$\F;O-*?\F21M:\$;;-#E)O6;.[;0T?\ 
VH3MFQ/$8#'
M7*;?KU8@'1V\O4[._PY!1\RWYK(8IL;/OQOLQGG8HNWW+SDP1L^[74687+
M\9!M4^1O8Y+9P14Y(I:M.&[+.YQD#-/))& :[EN?LDZ#=?+X_5V[CZL^GV
3X[7R&3EAALSSVHF
M9OY8NT-F6$-&(GZ[(VU_%!I_'_.(<YQ/!9#*6JL.5S %LKQDP,<@N;[(P(B)
MW8 =_'R06B:6R$@C'!W =G=SW,.C_31T%9N\MFAL6,E')'^BX=IZ^=J$)%:
MP+ 4/9$6W$Y

FK;1[6WP=M=7W=/
MH@W4! 01DV4OP5Y+%FD
$
0E)-+)8C$  6U(B)^C
S-J[H(W@W+K?*:=K)/B



SBY'KUZ^
&F\4TKNSF

C0PL
0:RS0$[.TD8EZ=7VMT+

.WJ@G4$+EN78G'9.+$TM[
S1O-'C*8=V=HF?;W
M9-7$(@W=&*0A9WZ

MTCXZ*W
M^GS9=A;V86][1=DCW;O[Q]CGMV



M('![NK;%HY):^K\H

[.SH
]
.+E<WN)<.?;(X9*$4T47O)@9VV




MOCIIYH-+D_);?'\9/D9J86(@

VF[]^B0KRY
MXKP=^O6BQ[Q.YD,TASM-N;:VWM&W;KJ^[Q00G+.29;'3X6.G5E ;N6AI3F;
M0DQPF$A$P:R




-
8RDR.4JT).Z
MSNS12N3R.+
X^I@!]$'C






4ALSCT9F9Q;J&&YB
=-CGK\0?(XW
T;OMY








@SH*9A(KF1YSR7+UIVK7I



5JI3QLL


M;Z#HPPA%(^_7TMT\]K((?%TFR''..U K-6FBJT[D-_:$MEY8JH1=ZL!%MU )


//E@?:VKO]

!PLWV



U*-CKRE$[=V(#TVNWB).R(YW1N92;'96X\E

%FAR/(:G*1Q5NH5O$7(


+6KC


8%N8Y1


VH







7#+D=FQ

\VO
M5D$?S+C^?S?&;V*AMUN[:$!'=8-Z9!)_5W)-.@_PN@D\WAYKY59J\T<-FH1


OQALKD+![?

MRVL
8D)5;6C

<J3Q.??ELVV:-QE F<1&*

M88N_DJV
CIQM(5?*4;4^I
.V&O.



!PWFG'L-5PF*S]']-H!VJO?QI%+VV=W;N%'

[-'(
F@%):E!G=Q\7%T



2N\;Q/
\=PBV#C1BY9=EN70B(I3



/VVUU*;W)5VFW=*Y

M

@W;]F_$.VC4
M]S



VU'







Y

^2)[ R59

M

IY2N;O8FHRQO
GHW:$U*2IDCEDO0FVYI2G?61RU



WXH


;'6N5[SR/7]P925)1FB9OYL3
.X?5T?7\$$CGL7R*_B(J^
M-S7Z1E8SCD*_%6CFB/;]X%!
1^@]?*1B;^) PG'I*5@\AD+A9/
RQ#!)=
!B



LI1]Z&Q5
FD[4T3%$[[#;

M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(*WSW/9'







Q'ZC2DL3WXY3+*5(G&D\
M8$_9E+N$

;
MDS
SH
W'^2T
W6M'78H[./L24\C3/3NP6(M'*

AC(
M:

I9&BU49C&
9AGWPL_HD=Q8=
MKDWB/E]70:/

M



M19GW#TVROJ@Q\@SN;Q_(.*4:]JO)!F
C+5NL\3[NU'1L6?0[2=W0,VJVH*


6<7+JX
MRRR3[OS.@OGR'WB^7/C *S_ 


JIR

MR8\#:I4*D


2GP%BGV
M*D4!%&;0
'9[;.1 8&&CB^I
0NWU04H^/8Z+.W^-QX2Y=PT?'XVCPDMD)!D(

[5J)OMGG)O!GVZC&WF?X
6@5JO3CI_
MYB*=;:058.'/#C!?J#-'? 9&9W_
P[/W(
WQQWR^6/E&0/\  /;Q01NVFWW

/EO9W

MN)V

@
ML5G

M'

6!G?QT%M$$7=P-R?.196OF;M0 A[$



Y#[A2N?W

8QBSF0BYEIN+1N








Y/H

S
S:

EBDK@[GOV:C$$QQL7@$DA#Y:(+4@(('#8.]3Y3



MN_F@B
KQC/9'F6R4MZN^$PLL]P*_:)K169:\E40[C%V^TP6+[=VK


M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @JMW-V0YQ-B9
D%&B&
@MQB31:O*=B6


MY(7=BV$[=1W-T?1_-D&1 01&4R!QP6)_=E0K5A-YYY:Y.(-&SN4F\MH[6;KK


&CG




63-I)K
(C ';&4GDBB)G9^


MG6.N

AJU9F[3E%-V7W1RS1D3-KZ?+H@E\1G
K+0OW\UC?TNO6ED]KI)WBE

M )=/]*/PG*8,5AN2Y?D.0-J%#,6XN_*VYH86E.*
&!MVUG)F9NK]4%MDEN
M%L.J$1Q&.[=(9 _7PZ

L




M

+L@D8 E$1E/NRLWK-FVL[_@/7
M1D%-Y-G\ACY@S<=VI%5P\5J3*8T;3&]F((2(0$2B;9*$@L[/K]6=!YI9RU#;
MCL17:,]KD%N%XZEG(2.$<+1=8JT80DS2=H-SMT8CUU?P06C)WQ@VPA.,%@]



[F.JQP3E[E&YW7:[L+Z?N0:?


M6Q@3SU;%8ZL5EWG*-H7G)Y6B)AUV%L=NNA-IU8+5GJ\=_CEK$3PE3LY&A)6+
MV\

(
P
M21FQ@8VC8A?PZ::()2I1RO\ 46(FOYO*WAA.9XX6QX5ZVXH2'_:9!B9V'1_3
MU;U:(-;Y



N$O_ILE^Q
]
MAZ]WD&3IO%#
0#[N25GKBY;A$&











M3-))##D*TM62:%]L@#
#QN0$[/H3

M2
#B-Q)G NL;;FT01F1X;RG)4Y*5OED_MIG'N]FI5CDVB3%H)[2VOT\=$%P0



W#W
ULZ\-9F%^@MVX69M?XGUZ^6B#QQ[



\\!0-J6K;=F]W
M\$&OR;BTV5P-O%XW)2X:6XY=ZY $4Q$
KZ3


S02+3KXH/=O U[=RC<GGF*?


XWQY\)QV'#QVB



M(BWC^*#8QF!]EGLSEN]W/U9Z[]G;IV_;Q=K[M7W;O'P01F/^.\/ ^;&_)+E*




M.





=
S:#O
M%4+N5HSZQA*VK-*P^&]F?H3^'EH@W$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!




M8;1 !1=HF8HF[$\A::

M(HA9^C
W0007.G=LTL UW
3--*$;RRR1P% 3L3Z@#0$4A



#C$
M=C

1;:3-N\T%:Y9$^=Y7@
# SG#C+(9O







M#].R4=TK]=MVDPP1@X 1:

M9HNR[.( POXLXOJWAH@CZ\W-G^0;4
T^.?B#40.O7!S_ %%K+DS.1M]O;Z%_
JS( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(NS<+JO-R2S5O6Z=WDL<
M06+4)BQURA@[ '7U%]KL/7KKU0?


N!8KE!4K

M.Y0R^/D[-J)B=NY&QZ$Q1R

Q[H.


M4K
\
D12P%T.#5YB

B$JU@)V

UB


ML3#VW?8S^ENNFO1!.( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(

M8&L;6[S1N[AOT]6UW9GTU\-4&1 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0
M$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0


M= _

!
6

?S9:/(\9ARFKQ

M$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0

MU9G0:'_W@/_ .3Q_P#CR_\ EH)?$\;PV%Q;XS!U8L54=R-@J@(:&;ZD?@[.
M3_5]4&Q7Q-O2.G''I#*Y%

M(.(G:R-@K

BZM''WTUU=]=7=T$EEN.8'+ST9\I0@N38R9K./DF
M!C*&8? P=_!T$B@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(


M
&W$1._@S
VJ#)!/#8@CG@-I(9A&2*07U$A)M1)G^CL@]H/

MY&3^#
S:NZ#%C\A1R-&_0GU2M 




K'#]HO'!(SC)IO<FZOH^B#L,<H21#*#ZQF+$)?5G;5G0:@YO%&+$-D'%^
MK.VNC_\ (@^_K&,_ZP/_ _]Y!CI9/%YG&G8AW24G<XY&FBDB?\ EDXEJ$H@

MA=_-O3@AJSY?%!';9GA9Y(!GW $@&0^ER[9-Z7U01W/HZ=R*O3S
O9K!

MK50_/*XZM^(LZW8D\L=(LM%!#D'9^]'5D.6)NKZ;3

1;_D7

Q





M\MLW;



MYYLLUFQDXY



[ZOY
SH(7B&
AN7.0\BGC*.+
WF.H6\PWU:D$=:
M*5V9QZ2/$9CK^5V=!H5#H%\SP^RF&8&XW
Q.

_P$'__W@_XS^[\_#^U



 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;D -DEPOSIT FOR EQUIPMENT PURCHASE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;F - INVESTMENTS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;H - AGREEMENTS WITH FARMERS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;J - LOAN PAYABLE TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTION&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;N - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company had been financing its operations from loans from individuals, principally residents of China, who are deemed to be related&#13;parties because of their ownership interest in the Company (shareholders). The individuals have loaned the Company funds which&#13;are interest free, have no specific repayment date, and are unsecured. The funds received are evidenced by receipt of cash acknowledgments.&#13;At June 30, 2015 and June 30, 2014 funds borrowed to fund the current operations of the Company were $1,593,996 and $1,389,124,&#13;respectively. In accordance with FASB ASC 835-30, the Company has imputed an interest charge of $132,147 and $108,548 which has&#13;been recorded in the financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;R - CONCENTRATIONS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In&#13;the year ended June 30, 2015, no customer accounted for more than 10% of revenues.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of&#13;Estimates &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Foreign&#13;Currency Translation &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash&#13;Equivalents &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventory&#13;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Advertising&#13;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts&#13;Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property&#13;and Equipment &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property&#13;and equipment is recorded at cost and is depreciated using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective&#13;assets, as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6 - 40 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 - 15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 - 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 - 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Net Loss&#13;Per Common Share &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Comprehensive&#13;Income &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair&#13;Value of Financial Instruments &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income&#13;Taxes &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Uncertainty&#13;in Income Taxes &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment&#13;of Long-Lived Assets &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; margin-top: 0; margin-right: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent&#13;Accounting Pronouncements &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In May 2014,&#13;the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606&lt;/i&gt;).&amp;#148; The new guidance provides&#13;new criteria for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration&#13;to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance requires expanded disclosures&#13;to provide greater insight into both revenue that has been recognized and revenue that is expected to be recognized in the future&#13;from existing contracts. Quantitative and qualitative information will be provided about the significant judgments and changes&#13;in those judgments that management made to determine the revenue that is recorded. The standard will be effective for the first&#13;interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company&#13;is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its&#13;consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;Depreciation is recorded in the financial statements&#13;as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Year&#13;    Ended&lt;br /&gt;&#13;    June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Depreciation Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;73,682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;76,080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Capitalized Ginseng Crops&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;73,682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;77,077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property&#13;and equipment is recorded at cost and is depreciated using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective&#13;assets, as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6 - 40 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 - 15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 - 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 - 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;An&#13;analysis of ginseng crop costs is as follows for each of the applicable periods.:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%; padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June&#13;    30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-align: center; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Beginning Crop&#13;    Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6,721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;681,967&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Currency Conversion&#13;    Adjustment to Beginning Balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Capitalized&#13;    Costs During Year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Wages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;21,162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fertilizer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Ginseng Shelf&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Field clearing&#13;    and cultivation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Farmer lease&#13;    fee net of management fee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Capitalized&#13;    Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;25,557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Impairment of&#13;    ginseng crops&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(6,721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cost of crops&#13;    harvested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(700,803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(6,721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(700,803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Ending Crop&#13;    Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6,721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Current&#13;    portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Non-Current&#13;    Portion of Crop Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6,721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE A -&#13;NATURE OF BUSINESS, PRESENTATION AND GOING CONCERN&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Nature&#13;of Business&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;China Ginseng&#13;Holdings, Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;), was incorporated under the laws of Nevada on June 24, 2004.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On November&#13;24, 2004, the Company acquired 55% of Yanbian Huaxing Ginseng Industry Co. Limited (&amp;#147;Yanbian Huaxing&amp;#148;), which is located&#13;in China and, is in the business of farming, processing, distribution, and marketing of Asian Ginseng. The company utilizes the&#13;Ginseng harvest to produce a Ginseng beverage and buys Ginseng for the resale market. In August, 2005, the Company acquired the&#13;remaining 45% of Yanbian Huaxing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Yanbian&#13;Huaxing controls, through 20 year leases granted by the Chinese Government, approximately 1,500 hectares (3,705 acres) of land&#13;used to grow ginseng. The Company had no operations prior to November 24, 2004. These leases expire through 2024. During the year&#13;ended June 30, 2014, the Forestry Bureau governing one of the farms approximating 700 hectares (1,730 acres) of land leased by&#13;Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer recognized. As a result, the Company is prevented from developing&#13;and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On August&#13;24, 2005, the Company acquired Jilin Ganzhi Ginseng Produce Co. Limited, whose principal business is the manufacture of Ginseng&#13;drinks.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On October&#13;19, 2005, the Company incorporated a new company, Jilin Huamei Beverage Co. Limited (&amp;#147;Jilin Huamei&amp;#148;), which operates&#13;as a sales department for the Company&amp;#146;s earned giving juice and wine, which are produced by other subsidiaries of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On March&#13;31, 2008 the Company acquired Tonghua Linyuan Grape Planting Co. Limited (&amp;#147;Tonghua Linyuan&amp;#148;) whose principal activity&#13;was the growing, cultivation and harvesting of a grape vineyard. The Company plans to produce wine and grape juice but to date&#13;has not commenced production. As of June 30, 2012, Tonghua Linyuan leased 750 acres of land on which the grapes were planted.&#13;In June 2012, the Company decided to abandon the growing and harvesting of grapes due to the poor quality of recent harvests which&#13;were not suitable for the production of wine or grape juice. Accordingly, the Company abandoned the vineyard has also decided&#13;not to renew its leases with the Chinese Government. The Company will now purchase grapes in the open market to produce wine and&#13;grape juice. On June 30, 2013, the Company sold the assets and liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan to a third party.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On March&#13;2, 2012, the Company approved the incorporation of a new subsidiary, Hong Kong Huaxia International Industrial Co., Limited (&amp;#147;Hong&#13;Kong Huaxia&amp;#148;) in Hong Kong in order to sell health and specialized local products. Hong Kong Huaxia was incorporated in Hong&#13;Kong on March 18, 2012 and began operations in April 2012. Hong Kong Huaxia has registered 880,000,000 shares of 1 HKD par value&#13;stock in Hong Kong. None of the $113,443,000 (880,000,000 HKD) registered capital of Hong Kong Huaxia has been funded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On September&#13;27, 2013, the Company established a new wholly owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Huaxia, Jilin Huaxia Ginseng Co., Ltd (&amp;#147;Jilin&#13;Huaxia&amp;#148;) in order to open online store through Taobao Marketplace, the biggest online Business to Consumer and Consumer to&#13;Consumer platform in Asia, a subsidiary company of Alibaba Group, and to acquire machinery and equipment in China&lt;b&gt;.&lt;/b&gt; Hong&#13;Kong Huaxia registered capital of $6,000,000 in Jilin Huaxia.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Substantially&#13;all of the Company&amp;#146;s operations are in the People&amp;#146;s Republic of China and Hong Kong.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Consolidated&#13;Financial Statements &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The financial&#13;statements include the accounts and activities of China Ginseng Holdings, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Yanbian Huaxing&#13;Ginseng Co. Limited, Jilin Huamei Beverage Co. Limited, Jilin Ganzhi Ginseng Products Co. Limited, Tonghua Linyuan Grape Planting&#13;Co. Limited and Hong Kong Huaxia International Industrial, Co. Limited, which included Jilin Huaxia Ginseng Co, Ltd. All intercompany&#13;transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Going&#13;Concern &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;As indicated&#13;in the accompanying financial statements, the Company had net loss of $3,904,494 and $4,761,922 for the years ended June 30, 2015&#13;and 2014, respectively; an accumulated deficit of $18,073,829 at June 30, 2015, a working capital deficit of $16,523,748 at June&#13;30, 2015 and there are existing uncertain conditions the Company foresees relating to its debt and ability to obtain working capital&#13;and operate successfully. Management&amp;#146;s plans include the raising of capital through the equity markets to fund future operations&#13;and the generating of revenue through its businesses. Failure to raise adequate capital and generate adequate sales revenues could&#13;result in the Company having to curtail or cease operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE B -&#13;SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of&#13;Estimates &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The preparation&#13;of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates&#13;and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities&#13;at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results&#13;could differ from those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Foreign&#13;Currency Translation &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;considers the Chinese Renminbi to be its functional currency. Assets and liabilities were translated into US dollars at period-end&#13;exchange rates. Statement of operations amounts were translated using the average rate during the period. Gains and losses resulting&#13;from translating foreign currency financial statements are included in accumulated other comprehensive income, a separate component&#13;of stockholders&amp;#146; deficit.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash&#13;Equivalents &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For purposes&#13;of reporting cash flows, cash equivalents include investment instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or&#13;less. There were no cash equivalents at June 30, 2015 and 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventory&#13;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventory&#13;consists of fresh and dried Ginseng, ginseng drinks and supplies and is stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is determined&#13;using the First-In, First-Out (FIFO) Method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Advertising&#13;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;expenses advertising costs as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Ginseng&#13;Crops &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;uses the full absorption costing method to value its Ginseng crops. Included in crop costs are seeds, labor, applicable overhead&#13;including depreciation, and supplies. Common costs are allocated in each period based upon the total number of hectares under&#13;cultivation during the period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The carrying&#13;value of the Ginseng crops is reviewed on a regular basis for any impairment in value using management&amp;#146;s best estimate as&#13;to expected future market values, yields and costs to harvest. Costs accumulated on the acres expected to be harvested during&#13;the next fiscal year have been classified as a current asset.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue&#13;Recognition &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) 605, Revenue Recognition. Revenue is&#13;recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable and collectibility&#13;is reasonably assured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;processes Ginseng and stores the stock for its Ginseng juice production. Any grown Ginseng not suitable for the beverage production&#13;is sold. The Company  also purchases Ginseng for its resale business. Ginseng is planted in the Spring (March) and Fall (September)&#13;of each year and is generally harvested in September. It usually takes 6 years for a Ginseng root to mature, although, senior&#13;maturity can be 8 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Harvested&#13;Ginseng can be sold in two ways: (1) fresh Ginseng which can be sold immediately and stored in refrigerators for up to 3 years&#13;and (2) dried Ginseng which is processed and dried via sunlight and steam machines. Drying is a two month process. Dried Ginseng&#13;can be stored up to 5 years. The Company has also been storing fresh Ginseng for future juice manufacturing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;When the&#13;Company sells Ginseng, it receives orders prior to harvest. For large orders, approximately 20% to 30% is paid upon delivery as&#13;payment in advance. The balance is billed after the customer incurs a lengthy inspection process which can take up to 60 days.&#13;Until the customer finalizes its inspection and deems the shipment acceptable, the shipment is still the property of the Company.&#13;Upon customer completion of inspection and approval, the sale is then recognized and the balance of the invoice price is wired&#13;to the Company. For smaller orders, customers pick up the Ginseng from the Company, pay in cash at time of pick up and receive&#13;an invoice with appropriate sales tax applied and a cash acknowledgement. On these orders, revenue is recognized upon shipment/payment.&#13;During the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, no orders were subject to the inspection process.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;has entered into several distribution agreements to sell Ginseng juice and wine. In accordance with these agreements, the distributors&#13;will advance funds to the Company for orders to be placed. Upon the placement of orders by the distributor, the Company will ship&#13;the product to the distributor and title will pass to the distributor. In relation to distribution agreements for Ginseng beverages,&#13;it is the Company&amp;#146;s policy, commencing with the initiation of the distribution agreements, to allow the distributors to return&#13;all unsold products at the end of six months from the shipment date should the product not be sold and the product has not exceeded&#13;the expiration date. The Company is establishing history as to the quantity of the Ginseng which has been returned in order to&#13;determine if a reserve for returns and allowances is necessary. To date, returns have been minimal.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue&#13;Recognition (Continued) &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For each&#13;reporting period, the Company ascertains from each distributor its&amp;#146; current on hand quantity and assesses the situation in&#13;order to establish a return allowance, if necessary. At June 30, 2015, no inventory was held on consignment. At June 30, 2015&#13;and 2014, no amounts were sold on consignment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;also sells health and specialized local products. Revenue is recognized upon shipment of these products.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts&#13;Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The allowance&#13;for doubtful accounts represents management&amp;#146;s estimate of the amount of probable credit losses, determined by reviewing past&#13;due balances and other information. Account balances are written off against the allowance if management determines the receivable&#13;is uncollectible. The Company&amp;#146;s standard terms stipulate payment in 60 days.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property&#13;and Equipment &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property&#13;and equipment is recorded at cost and is depreciated using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective&#13;assets, as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6 - 40 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 - 15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 - 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5 - 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Routine&#13;maintenance, repairs and replacement costs are expensed as incurred and improvements that extend the useful life of the assets&#13;are capitalized. When equipment is sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated&#13;from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Net Loss&#13;Per Common Share &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;computes per share amounts in accordance with ASC Topic 260&lt;i&gt; Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt; (EPS) which requires presentation of basic&#13;and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is computed by dividing the income (loss) available to Common Stockholders by the weighted-average&#13;number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is based on the weighted-average number of shares of Common Stock&#13;and Common Stock equivalents outstanding during the periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Comprehensive&#13;Income &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;follows ASC 220-10,&lt;i&gt; Reporting Comprehensive Income&lt;/i&gt;. ASC 220-10 requires the reporting of comprehensive income in addition&#13;to net income from operations. Comprehensive income is a more inclusive financial reporting methodology that includes disclosure&#13;of information that historically has not been recognized in the calculation of net income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair&#13;Value of Financial Instruments &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The carrying&#13;amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate&#13;fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income&#13;Taxes &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;accounts for income taxes utilizing the liability method of accounting. Under the liability method, deferred taxes are determined&#13;based on differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted tax rates in effect in years&#13;in which differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets&#13;to amounts that are expected to be ultimately realized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Uncertainty&#13;in Income Taxes &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;follows ASC 740-10&lt;i&gt; Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 740-10&amp;#148;). This interpretation requires recognition&#13;and measurement of uncertain income tax positions using a &amp;#147;more-likely-than-not&amp;#148; approach. Management evaluates their&#13;tax positions on an annual basis, and has determined that as of June 30, 2015 and 2014, no additional accrual for income taxes&#13;other than the foreign, federal and state provisions and related interest and estimated penalty accruals are considered necessary.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment&#13;of Long-Lived Assets &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; margin-top: 0; margin-right: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Long-lived&#13;assets, primarily property and equipment, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that&#13;the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include&#13;a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset&#13;is used, or a significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets is not recoverable.&#13;For long-lived assets to be held and used, the Company recognizes an impairment loss only if its carrying amount is not recoverable&#13;through its undiscounted cash flows and measures the impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and estimated&#13;fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair&#13;Value Measurements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;ASC 820&#13;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/i&gt; defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting&#13;principles, and expands disclosure about fair value measurements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Certain&#13;reclassifications have been made to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2014 to make them comparable&#13;to the presentation for the year ended June 30, 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent&#13;Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In May 2014,&#13;the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, &amp;#147;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606&lt;/i&gt;).&amp;#148; The new guidance provides new&#13;criteria for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration&#13;to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance requires expanded disclosures&#13;to provide greater insight into both revenue that has been recognized and revenue that is expected to be recognized in the future&#13;from existing contracts. Quantitative and qualitative information will be provided about the significant judgments and changes&#13;in those judgments that management made to determine the revenue that is recorded. The standard will be effective for the first&#13;interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company&#13;is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its&#13;consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Ginseng&#13;Crops &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;uses the full absorption costing method to value its Ginseng crops. Included in crop costs are seeds, labor, applicable overhead&#13;including depreciation, and supplies. Common costs are allocated in each period based upon the total number of hectares under&#13;cultivation during the period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue&#13;Recognition &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) 605, Revenue Recognition. Revenue is&#13;recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable and collectibility&#13;is reasonably assured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;processes Ginseng and stores the stock for its Ginseng juice production. Any grown Ginseng not suitable for the beverage production&#13;is sold. The Company  also purchases Ginseng for its resale business. Ginseng is planted in the Spring (March) and Fall (September)&#13;of each year and is generally harvested in September. It usually takes 6 years for a Ginseng root to mature, although, senior&#13;maturity can be 8 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Harvested&#13;Ginseng can be sold in two ways: (1) fresh Ginseng which can be sold immediately and stored in refrigerators for up to 3 years&#13;and (2) dried Ginseng which is processed and dried via sunlight and steam machines. Drying is a two month process. Dried Ginseng&#13;can be stored up to 5 years. The Company has also been storing fresh Ginseng for future juice manufacturing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;When the&#13;Company sells Ginseng, it receives orders prior to harvest. For large orders, approximately 20% to 30% is paid upon delivery as&#13;payment in advance. The balance is billed after the customer incurs a lengthy inspection process which can take up to 60 days.&#13;Until the customer finalizes its inspection and deems the shipment acceptable, the shipment is still the property of the Company.&#13;Upon customer completion of inspection and approval, the sale is then recognized and the balance of the invoice price is wired&#13;to the Company. For smaller orders, customers pick up the Ginseng from the Company, pay in cash at time of pick up and receive&#13;an invoice with appropriate sales tax applied and a cash acknowledgement. On these orders, revenue is recognized upon shipment/payment.&#13;During the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, no orders were subject to the inspection process.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The Company&#13;has entered into several distribution agreements to sell Ginseng juice and wine. In accordance with these agreements, the distributors&#13;will advance funds to the Company for orders to be placed. Upon the placement of orders by the distributor, the Company will ship&#13;the product to the distributor and title will pass to the distributor. In relation to distribution agreements for Ginseng beverages,&#13;it is the Company&amp;#146;s policy, commencing with the initiation of the distribution agreements, to allow the distributors to return&#13;all unsold products at the end of six months from the shipment date should the product not be sold and the product has not exceeded&#13;the expiration date. The Company is establishing history as to the quantity of the Ginseng which has been returned in order to&#13;determine if a reserve for returns and allowances is necessary. To date, returns have been minimal.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For each&#13;reporting period, the Company ascertains from each distributor its&amp;#146; current on hand quantity and assesses the situation in&#13;order to establish a return allowance, if necessary. At June 30, 2015, no inventory was held on consignment. At June 30, 2015&#13;and 2014, no amounts were sold on consignment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair&#13;Value Measurements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Arial
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;C - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property&#13;and equipment is comprised of the following at:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June&#13;    30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1, 472,128&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,462,749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;393,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;388,159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;30,501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;30,307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;27,895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;25,092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,923,624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,906,307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(525,199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(447,749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,398,425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,458,558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Substantially&#13;all of the property and equipment is located in China.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&#13;Depreciation was $73,682 and $77,077 for the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively.&amp;#160; Depreciation is recorded&#13;in the financial statements as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Year&#13;    Ended&lt;br /&gt;June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Depreciation Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;73,682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;76,080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Capitalized Ginseng Crops&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;73,682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;77,077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property&#13;and equipment is comprised of the following at:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June&#13;    30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1, 472,128&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,462,749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;393,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;388,159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;30,501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;30,307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;27,895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;25,092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,923,624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,906,307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(525,199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 0.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(447,749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,398,425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,458,558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;G - GINSENG CROPS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company&amp;#146;s business, prior to June 30, 2009, was primarily to harvest and sell fresh and dried Ginseng. The growth period&#13;takes approximately 5 to 6 years before harvest can commence and up to 8 years for improved harvest and seedling yields. The Company&#13;is changing its business model to utilize the harvested Ginseng to manufacture Ginseng juice and other Ginseng beverages. It commenced&#13;the juice operation in August 2011. The Company plants selected areas each year and tracks the costs expended each year by planting&#13;area. The Chinese government owns all the land in China.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Currently,&#13;the Company has land grants from the Chinese government for approximately 1,500 hectares of land (approximately 3,705 acres) to&#13;grow Ginseng which were awarded in April and May 2005. These grants are for 20 years and the management of the Company believes&#13;that the grants will be renewed as the grants expire in different areas. However, there are no assurances that the Chinese government&#13;will continue to renew these grants in the future. The planting of new Ginseng is dependent upon the Company&amp;#146;s cash flow&#13;and its ability to raise working capital. During the year ended June 30, 2014, the Forestry Bureau governing one of the farms&#13;approximating 700 hectares (1,730 acres) of land leased by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer recognized.&#13;As a result, the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company has planted approximately 287,984 square meters of land. The Company plans to plant, over the next 5 years, 100,000 square&#13;meters, representing approximately 20,000 square meters per year. The Company plans on harvesting the existing 2,664 square meters&#13;of ginseng in 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;An&#13;analysis of ginseng crop costs is as follows for each of the applicable periods.:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%; padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June&#13;    30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Beginning Crop&#13;    Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6,721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;681,967&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Currency Conversion&#13;    Adjustment to Beginning Balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Capitalized&#13;    Costs During Year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Wages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;21,162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Fertilizer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Ginseng Shelf&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Field clearing&#13;    and cultivation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Farmer lease&#13;    fee net of management fee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Capitalized&#13;    Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;25,557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Impairment of&#13;    ginseng crops&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(6,721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cost of crops&#13;    harvested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(700,803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(6,721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(700,803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Ending Crop&#13;    Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6,721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Current&#13;    portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Non-Current&#13;    Portion of Crop Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6,721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;cost of harvest is calculated by reference to the planting area and the detailed costs maintained for each planting area. Based&#13;upon the square meters planted by area, a square meter cost is calculated and applied to the square meters harvested, rendering&#13;a cost of harvest.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;K - LOAN PAYABLE - BUILDING PURCHASE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;L - LOAN PAYABLE - EQUIPMENT PURCHASE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;provision for income taxes consists of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For&#13;    the Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;China&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&#13;reconciliation of the Company&amp;#146;s effective tax rate as a percentage of income before taxes and Federal statutory rate for&#13;the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014 respectively, is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June&#13;    30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State income taxes, net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;30.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;30.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Earnings taxed at other than United States statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;Q - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company has employment agreements with various individuals in China. The following summarizes the contractual commitments under&#13;these agreements:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Commitment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;43,555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20,529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.3pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;63,884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On August 18, 2015, Mr. Liu&#13;tendered his resignation as Chairman, Director and Chief Executive Officer. As a result of his resignation, the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;contractual commitment was reduced to $27,714 and $12,709 for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2017, respectively, or $40,423&#13;in total.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;The&#13;Company has one year leases for its corporate offices in China aggregating 220,190 RMB per year (USD $36,016) expiring between&#13;December 31, 2015 and May 21, 2016. The commitments for these leases at June 30, 2015 was 123,280 RMB (USD $20,165).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Chinese government owns all the land in China. Currently, the Company has grants from the Chinese government for approximately&#13;1,500 hectares of land (3,705 acres) to grow Ginseng. These grants are for 20 years. There is no assurance that the Chinese government&#13;will continue to renew these grants in the future. During the year ended June 30, 2014, the Forestry Bureau governing one of the&#13;farms approximating 700 hectares (1,730 acres) of land leased by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer&#13;recognized. As a result, the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company had a 15 year lease with the Representative of Group One Farmer, Si&amp;#146;An City, Qingshi, Qingshi Town, Qingshi Village,&#13;China to lease 750 acres to grow and harvest grapes. The lease expired December 31, 2014. The annual lease fee is 187,500 RMB&#13;or approximately $30,500 per year to lease the acreage. The land and buildings on the premises have a separate lease concurrent&#13;with the property lease. The Company did not renew the lease.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company has a 5 year lease to refrigerate and store fresh Ginseng, which is valid until terminated by the parties. The annual&#13;lease fee approximates $15,500 per year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;The following summarizes the contractual commitments&#13;under these agreements:&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 86%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Commitment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;43,555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20,529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.3pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;63,884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;The cost and related amortization are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June&#13;    30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(18,378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(15,286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;I - INTANGIBLE ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Intangible&#13;assets consist of the patent rights for Ginseng drinks. The cost and related amortization are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June&#13;    30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18,261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(18,378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(15,286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;S - OPERATING SEGMENTS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company currently has two operating segments, (1) the cultivation and harvest of Ginseng for the production of Ginseng beverages&#13;and (2) the retail sales of cosmetics and health supplements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The&#13;Company&amp;#146;s reportable business segments are strategic business units that offer different products. Each segment is managed&#13;separately because they require different productions techniques and market to different classes of customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Year&#13;ended June 30, 2015:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 47%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Parent&#13;    Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Ginseng&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cosmetics/&lt;br /&gt;Supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;272,607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;272,607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(703,941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,494,179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(120,680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(3,318,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-left: 0.125in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;103,790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,160,479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;79,891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,344,160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other significant items:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,568&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;74,496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;76,664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;62,183&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,666,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,728,332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expenditures for fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Year ended June 30, 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Parent&#13;    Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Ginseng&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cosmetics/&#13;    Supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,480,717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;129,307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,610,024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,130,950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(3,366,551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(264,421&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(4,761,922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17,243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,746,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;56,899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,820,291&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other significant items:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;75,928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;77,909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;46,873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;543,053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;212,306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;802,232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Impairment of investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;24,905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;24,905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;Each&#13;segment is managed separately because they require different productions techniques and market to different classes of customers.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Year&#13;ended June 30, 2015:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 47%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Parent&#13;    Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Ginseng&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cosmetics/&lt;br /&gt;Supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;272,607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;272,607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,289,635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,494,179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(120,680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(3,904,494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-left: 0.125in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;103,790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,160,479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;79,891&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,344,160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other significant items:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,568&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;74,496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;76,664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;443,935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,666,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,110,084&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expenditures for fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Year ended June 30, 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Parent&#13;    Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Ginseng&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Cosmetics/&#13;    Supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,480,717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;129,307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,610,024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,130,950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(3,366,551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(264,421&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(4,761,922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17,243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,746,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;56,899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,820,291&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Other significant items:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;75,928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;77,909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;46,873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;543,053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;212,306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;802,232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Impairment of investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;24,905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;24,905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;M - LOAN PAYABLE - OTHER&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;NOTE&#13;O - PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;Deferred&#13;income taxes are determined using the liability method for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and&#13;income tax basis of the Company&amp;#146;s assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are measured based on the tax rates expected&#13;to be in effect when the temporary differences are included in the Company&amp;#146;s tax return. Deferred tax assets and liabilities&#13;are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts&#13;of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;Deferred tax assets consist of the following at:&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Timing difference related to inventory provisions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,371,958&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,567,252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(3,371,958&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,567,252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred income tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;The&#13;deferred tax asset is the result of an inventory provision and related reserve. Under Chinese tax laws, the Company are not entitled&#13;to a deduction for the provision until the inventory is completely discarded. Accordingly, the liability has been recorded offset&#13;by a deferred tax asset representing a timing difference.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;The&#13;Company has a net operating loss carry forward as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;China&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9,290,901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,361,710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,196,931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,907,296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13,487,832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10,269,006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;The&#13;operating losses are available to offset future taxable income. The China net operating loss carryforwards can only be carried&#13;forward for five years. The Company does not file a consolidated tax return in China.&#13;Therefore, the profitability of the individual Chinese companies will determine the utilization of the carryforward losses. During&#13;the year ended June 30, 2015, net operating losses of $658,668 relating to the Company&amp;#146;s Chinese operations expired. The&#13;U.S. carryforward losses are available to offset future taxable income for the succeeding 20 years and commence expiring in the&#13;year 2027.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;The&#13;components of income before taxes are as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;China&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,614,859&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(3,630,972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,289,635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 1pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,130,950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(3,904,494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(4,761,922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;The&#13;provision for income taxes consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;China&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;A&#13;reconciliation of the Company&amp;#146;s effective tax rate as a percentage of income before taxes and Federal statutory rate for&#13;the years ended June 30, 2015 and 2014 respectively, is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State income taxes, net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;30.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;30.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Earnings taxed at other than United States statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;Deferred tax assets consist of the following at:&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Timing difference related to inventory provisions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,371,958&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,567,252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(3,371,958&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,567,252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 8.65pt; text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred income tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;The&#13;Company has a net operating loss carry forward as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;China&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;9,290,901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,361,710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,196,931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,907,296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13,487,832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10,269,006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;The&#13;components of income before taxes are as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June 30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;China&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,614,859&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(3,630,972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,289,635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 1pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,130,950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(3,904,494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(4,761,922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;NOTE T- SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On July 21, 2015, the Company closed a private&#13;placement to sell a Series A Convertible Debenture for a price of $1,600,000. The Series A Convertible Debenture is convertible&#13;into 4,000,000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at a price of $0.40 per share. The Series A Convertible Debenture carries&#13;no interest and matures in 36 months. The Series A Convertible Debenture also has a prepayment clause pursuant to which the Company&#13;may repurchase all or a portion of the outstanding Convertible Debenture in cash for 100% of the face value on ten business days&amp;#146;&#13;notice at any time after the twelve month anniversary of the closing; provided that the Investor shall have the right to convert&#13;the Convertible Debenture within five business days after written notice of such prepayment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On August 18, 2015, Mr. Changzhen Liu tendered&#13;his resignation as the Company&amp;#146;s Chairman, Director and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Liu&amp;#146;s resignation did not result&#13;from any disagreement regarding any matter related to the Company&amp;#146;s operations, policies or practices.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;NOTE&#13;E -INVENTORY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventory&#13;is comprised of the following at:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June&#13;    30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;126,006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;146,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;67,787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Packaging supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;87,789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;79,830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Operating supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;285,981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;233,412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Inventory&#13;is comprised of the following at:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 73%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June&#13;    30,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;126,006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;146,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;67,787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Packaging supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;87,789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;79,830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Operating supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;285,981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;NOTE&#13;P - DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: left; text-indent: 0in; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0&gt;On&#13;June 30, 2013, the Company discontinued its&amp;#146; grape production operations. The Company sold the assets and liabilities of&#13;Tonghua Linyuan, and closed Tonghua Linyuan.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://chinaginsengs.com/role/NatureOfBusinessPresentationAndGoingConcernDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000036 - Disclosure - NATURE OF BUSINESS

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://chinaginsengs.com/role/NatureOfBusinessPresentationAndGoingConcern xlink:title=00000007 - Disclosure - NATURE OF BUSINESS

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://chinaginsengs.com/role/NatureOfBusinessPresentationAndGoingConcernDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000036 - Disclosure - NATURE OF BUSINESS

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://chinaginsengs.com/role/NatureOfBusinessPresentationAndGoingConcern xlink:title=00000007 - Disclosure - NATURE OF BUSINESS

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://chinaginsengs.com/role/NatureOfBusinessPresentationAndGoingConcernDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000036 - Disclosure - NATURE OF BUSINESS
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_csng_ImputedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_PatentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'

M+GAM;
W:2V[;


M`D56@2*K0)%5H

MBJP:15:-(JM&D56CR*I19-4HLAH460V*K`9%5H
BJT&1U:#(:E!D-3]E9?.?
M!:]_`%!+`P04``````S@TU'2'4%[L4````K`@``P```%]R96QS+RYR96QS

\E


(9Y;AFWE89.D\^(GT%V-NFM[2
MENW)4]`'_K




G(D

M.0Y][HYC7OTXG_J\GO_?5%TIX[JN\[9+YS;?#6/JYZ?[83JW9;Z=#O78;M_;






_JI\[$-GT,(
M]O.E;27G<?+HRSC3_=[6W&U59-)LEZ:MN31+\S3*DZYG`LZG6^BGUH??FMM
M91;+Q+20CG_#8Z=5;EO.%N/51INL_R/-?NFE4D;WG
-D
3S&'H_CS_WN;8&`


M:
IQ

.:FD

'%6
TQ
Q_

MCB?&-2(-R*30FH_SS(H`


MLZ`L1=.YO8#SI4&AH2LA?\)5_8^]?.RPDSIYS^*K(K##ZY51\)JG'%V=F5'[

$5CMX3X
#$C&9
M9=#DM^HLY5KM5V
/.S3I#WOVN27RCM]U^.)LS;O
376^K5WFICK?UBYSTSF[
MRQRYU+#A%


;FV7G.
H=\0Q\6.;X!
MBV).-7'#DY`G
0AJJ&K;
M=M*6J2X.3,G;\O$YG4VN3$!N!$154`P[!XOLW/FUO+M?/63UM*SG!8Y+5=T


CB\GKFQC?7=*_8@N7E7]!5!+`P04

2YX;6SM


7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&EL
MH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYE

YV?/;$[9^






M

M62TC%I!+@;-!)+C\B\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+5--E-XH2GD(;;NE3]4J5U^6ON2BX







MF/H+O?(
N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4BK`

M






U6[6K;
!1]%:&



RP[#

M*E$9Z4(IP;21$50(CJBAW*SH#$V;8DKOS0?X-1]QMSEP

?0B



^ZAE3Q'!P?Z


$%```
M``@`

GL_/KM1I-YT2
3/RF7


.
M--VP#
/9
]1M#R)[J1&H3K!TV8CO69(^C;2AQM)=4]Z)O


^R:-(\7E9EGK=1ZD(;))]0


(C#*1^[B3]F

0!B7`1A'^8I@$P`F;\!Q8G\F?F!A(1W+)S[$8`L`%D7




M-0E+.UF
0.P(*VJ5'V<=%=TI:P^VCM4ZU!
MLRW;!KQUAY$H=D68?:9LN@5BB@TVR+
)E(2U3FTVB*L/H]I.X@HM-HBK.ZM


2YX;6R-EM]RHR`4QE_%\0&J@/%/QSC3)+.S



U:QH329/?7-!/



@


M_`6/H)YQZBOY%/8\IR&%*?EDQMZ_%6/H*AQ]OWVLG::)%%AHLY+'_](ZAN
MG(_-GM
4
RC^+0!!@9-X9

M[




MJO#Q7I=UTTPCA9G_C8/^G'
*O/R^C/[[G&Z0_U0-==DU_^RWXRZH9:ML6[]4

\]_L^6T8NW8)665M]0













MDBL6Q$9I4++
M39U?






?^&BU5--V
*GJP7;L)$Y`-9C:




MG+^;P8_]Q@^





[']_D$



%!\N]_WUI5/]!5!+


M970T+GAM;)67P7*;


7W4E^Z
M%_?!`/]HS
_AX?/N/F0#@Z[TMA]2%/;RI'-=54
FV_
OG_2YSR'PY?V8_:
K


X
M*.$@
REGL'.ORV(EEPQ/1O)DR!//\*`DA52Q&5F.

M0XD40I`J3^-54C%UG84S$L8U6YJ46JV)MP/4).D
B]=`HEBZ`(;3
&@\F9@9
M&J\!)B3CY

5X5NE64S\\]K@%L?H6?&

=


?

W
M7I

AX\&=
?YIW]C#!QX5


4)T$```!%@``&````'AL+W=O




(2$E0Z9DT%+
MJ%LR)XL!@,DI:#)K+9F00D%E?



3I`8
/G'8;LR$V1@5&93QD4*TL]T

T_F3DG^

MZ:E`T4KFBB'$+LJR3+\C]NTJB$8L(!4EAU@4K:2QCK
TZY05(@'[(&E/R%C)






&ULE9=-CYLP
M$(;_LH]BVV



79H\*^5+%=27HDBK/TN9J^M\@B?]C1_9

MGZ!V##*7NZ:52/7A7:YDGK=*.O-O$/W


WJ6KU.
MFW0QJ]0UJ
]I.P'QL\:K5D0K![J_M7YTG6;5/;S%['V!(S(+WUNA$4
Z9MDS
MD9M9]0QU




M2?RG/6%D]:?N]H


M-H#J/0DE'G/=]I*Z&_K]*GJ@'_9W%MR_M'@FWQ(@AX.%-^_TY_0HOZ?5
2OK

M2P
$%`````@`
X--1PG0
;JA`0``L0


-70HO

L6``)

%Z^.
M)36.VJ4M7:OK[7S


MABP@3A`DAP)!#NV9EE82$9*KD)25_GWYD!6[




#65YI]1=0
M2P
$%`````@`
X--1[+3Q-VB`0``L0




MQND7S-LO6%TH0OJ49C42T42A1_BZOHPSK%/WDZTZX3LIF0K83;)!B/C8+-

D+76`B\3!C5@1S


M61


!#\%8(?$
JR


MLRD+')P4&IX-L8-2W/P]@L3Q0%=T+KR(MG.AP
J+;Q:*-!6H8&F@-]6.V/
MFX(@-\1GL1D^#]A/@:DI_U@6;!`DBH7%#@?CG#(T@9A'SCMTGSHV4@7L:S

(VR#8(72QB^I!NM0S11*%']/


CCF7S`RZ+G
M+?SBIA7:DA


M@(3*!07NEP


N
VB\=0H

M!//J%UOD]!(]C_3\9_KRG+Y





BYX;6R-4\MNVS`0_!6
M'Q#JX:2%(0N(4Q3MH400WNFI95$A.2J)&6E?U\^)

SO+1S6C


M$^_-^K&CIHF#U]6YSA_RBIV#T!4F$8\+9D
PKWZS14%OT8M(+_Y-+Z_I97)8

ALG=X







M&D^-HLTOW/&J-#@1._!P=IN#AYL@XI6)]V;]V%'3Q
&K\E)M]D7)+D'H!I.(

MU9XJ
%V\.I;4.&J7MG2MKK?S

MPXZ2WK^?-9'0NA!^\K%)5RHE#H?E@:ROM/H+4$L#!!0````(`#.#34?S7;95

!#]
@215M7_#

Z9
[X4
M(YHWVP$X\JZDMCO:.==O&;-5!XK;*^Q!^S\-&L6=3TW+;&^`UY&D)
NS[(8I

1`

M5A(1DJN0E)7^??B0%+LPVE[$W=7


-JSF`3O1\2W



$%`````@`
X--1W&_
M*Q2C`0``L0
&8XY\P9

Q`_=GM]DY


MP_)`UE=:_@=02P
$%`````@`
X--1V2PP?&C`0``L0





X`#:_VG1*.Y\:CIF!P.\B20E
M69YE7YCB0M.JC+5G4Y4X.BDT/!MB1Z6X^7


%IHM7QY(:1^W2EJ[5
M]78^Y/%
&+!.4;2'

MH?PM&M=[LQDE#;1\E.X%I^\PCW`?!&N4-GY)/5J':J%0HOA;6H6.ZY3^Y+N9




:-27/\Y@
1I3S=T*;R)MK.^P








@CYQF^3YD?+0+R


M



MJ7#0+FWI4EUNYT



M2FJ[IYUS_8XQ6W6@N+W!'K3_TZ!1W/G4M
SV!G@=24JR/
N^

6%IF41:T^F
M+'!P4FAX



M=#(T+GAM;(53RV[;
!#\%8(?$
U#<WN$`VO]IT2CN


L:-2W/P]@L3I0#=T*3R+

M+BAPOYSA$:0


NTW(9T*^$CYGT7AJ%&U^


0NL(DXG'&K`CF


MVS.!39)8/._$1-F/V/N_FG3O94@6GCU;&DPD&[M*5+=;F=#WD\DR]X6?2\




M*-K\SAVO2H
3L0









F#+Q?6_;OZKHB_0-B^(5T?]H3;T2V:1R=\!E=._Y&IA_8W&7
MA$?2
?6

M3!$;D?QY8O@5)((YDCDQL2U%2=5%Z^K6PU364W2?2`T8%[C0$.D0AVKP2



$%`````@`
X--1VBI6=BF`0``L0


P.!G@324JR/
N^

L2.





CDN






MA(05A.^I!J-1;E0*)'\+8Z]N

S]SRLM`X

J6]:I'2+

=UJ



\PBX(UBAM_))Z

QBX\DHMOF5.UZ5!B=B!Q[.;K/W

6$V*X)Y]9L6.;U%SY/%Y_3M



Q+GAM;(53VVZC










$%```
M``@`
X--1TS@C0^E`0``L0





S+C=!#R3=4`&GUP

ZBI&MO:S$&]V\[

MKTWKUL&?)

2'74WMWF8.#2BAAE9&I3IFVG


R8?[CNO:+
M)OM1(+QC

*K-FS9O&)3:AGL32S_F?J-%
M-SU:\\N9_0-02P
$%`````@`
X--1Z:^(PVF`0``L0



M+23?ZP/-0@L@H7)!@?OE#$\@91#RQN^3YJ=E(%[&L_ISG-9W?^(6GE#^$K7K
M?+

P<
MA*XPB7A


$%`````@`
M
X--1W3*MLND`0``L0




M%&@K4!



_#





``
4.```9````

V+GAM;)672W.;
!#'OPK#O0&]$'@P
['S
M:`^=R?30GHDMVTP`N8#C]-L7T$+BS(*5'
+#O__N2MI=I/BLJY?ZH%3CO!5Y
M62_=0]


I]?P7C+[[[(0?[P?K#_UPV_?TUJM=?XGVS:'-EK?=;9JEY[RYI<^?U<P
M!M$9W.B\[O\[FU/=Z&*0N$Z1OIEK5O;7L_E%$I#A`@H.@J8/RM@(&C0(2S

A/`L_
;K\V=VF3)G&ESTY]3+N

Z\
#$37#?!+`]P8
MX
9`Z%]&6?:




(
M!19^*.X'ZCZ4
\4$D+0I)



EXAL(B/S&Y&D


MX@-B

8`5B6<?


M*NTG.)REXFRT1(#A3W=M.WL=W)TB];:P`7D#F@Q)80MW(%OF#ZQP50H^`-EC




%\6+]`%.$N;XORJ:^QU/HN4#'!3F(!^QFN.@


M34?

Y+GAM;)66
M6V^;



]/9_<'8)]6;@`^0)T+H!D
ML@#[`ORA('%D=EQ?F6)5.8A3)`_,O&VXT/+!F&CG2`]&ZIRLYV3JLJWJ.B
M3-Z,T94&6<V3TZ#;BGIT.4L2#1D0-<4KO




M=7D.Z8Q8(`HC^?4!TQD6.!P
_D0PX2D-R9Q@O`A0
#'UZ[-LUA(#PU
:CG
Z
MG6&1AF-)/Q%+%J;(9JR]7H2RO`@N+'[I'644%!_WDN1B=SNP'?_)AEW3RV@E
ME-XH[7ZV%4)Q;0

I[_0-S;K1\J\QE9N)W6[IK*'$8_U#.OTG5/U!+`P04

::4<=JXKRA8H%D]L@%Y]J1FG6*HC

%GM7<\;0$(
ME%(K8+6<H0!M)!*_'?6O*;4Q-O]1?V[J5:Y/V$!!2-_NDJVRJSGH`IJ/!+Y
MPJ8?






B6+D3W)H7';$

M0VZ.AX/J_+75J):3

=(.?E+5#4*CDS3V
M\O@S;J4T8(U%3QN

'*\/-KUSU'^`U!+`P04````


R@
./=+O&?J/F1TA.O][/Z0ZC6N3]0`WO%?[/6]LYL@E$+'3US^ZS&1X@E
M%%[PJ+@)7W0\&ZO$3
%(T-=I93*LXW135I&V3D@C(5T(F_2_AP2L@]%BJ=


$%`````@`
X--1^2&

GN#:FG@(8


P)*9NGY@

M10D*@OLXT2).9''B8&F=V.)839*F67I;55D5S

MJNUB4M6+[=I)G(!J8VJ;T+W]?`:9*39#=@_W\D6_Y_W0KZIBE(-/CAKUJH









44CUVAT<.E;N=%!3!S@


MW;H%]FWA6(?C^0TV1A'AVSM$XQW
XD-D`$ER.T$\3A;!#%T(1E#MEI#3!E&
M0RA&\Z(-B%*4$7H;)K')`!#;!TSFK71Q
F\9#.1S&(0:U

!@T=&-EMC(ED%@.%
M5@Z]W(

MR`*6R
X205LB%TOD8$F`!1)%6;8`QFZ.-R16O\C!IAX06.,!B=)LL!4T=W

$S#








M5@.R94CLA


MHP&A^BUS


'&%@17
M6+B/
(B7%[^RHG35VKN/

98@
^6='SIU4+T
^`C^A
Q!L=?F([AT0%[BGA^A?LSUS0=K1XH$6?

X&?+'AL@:HLD0!@\-L37$WPS03$4OQ!8)5)6
#H#W
M2&V/8'E3(7(9!GS^7ZDRFE[8J+U5416\J*`;3:@UZU$33QHH\YV0T'
%
MA#8@N0_9C)KTOF9K-4D^7TAT6X@97$46DMU.JTI3+%&$[PD\Y#88DM)'\`
M
1K_&4CBA064K@@B8$833B/2)V(5-MCWW?](T:S'C7!/1S0C(;$#Z8A]%$


M:&5E='






0`]*7':R4G&L3Y0Q4
D*=


M
/D#99(OE(FCR?^K3(I9G.*!


$%`````@`
M



M-N$^A

M'K
.900
?7R@GX.*`(H?Z.



P%(9?!?$`-9A;$A&D2=*HLQBI
MZF)F[00GH!I
;2=TWGY\9=((2+

M_
H\?FD:Q/YN




MF8UCHFEFZYAXFMD9)DH6T\RS\TFFF;WU6:8#`V2]HT7#KT7'IFAH@Z1C00SS



2YX;6R5E]]2HS`4QE^%X0&$
M!
(?I^W


M1WT_\LHLK]S9I#_W7
=1_24*0(8+*`CH(&I
M41`(!@$)#(*0A$@X`2HX!@-D*(A!$MH(8!+&M(`%!\GG1SA(09#:.L@U

#;=

,]2BVPCM-E(50D,G<\T0Y<8=8FA



N@H'C44HH:AJ09F`%U@AF<-A:PY?SC[:D8N-1MYE(&P86BPZ4D

M%I92=M



WV.=`JWI5FH'HAXGNJ!UK8U4X#_.\Q)2
MZ_'@_O*5*NRWQ!!%ZS^J':R5


!=`70^*P`.0%Z5H=

O7N@&7FCDF\W;7

M18JNCHF.'.@OP@]5*X(-D^K$
0?#GC%)E4_\HLZR4EUFYTE-]U(/
S7F]GRW


J+!

W^%ZMH]A%``X'XQR8'<ZP!<Z=D3WX]^CY[T@GO)Q/[D^^6IM^


!`E,X-MR)M)
MD^ND-1-O`')TZ\-Z+5!V'RD(<'R.F3GD2Q4&AZ7.99<H?;CAQ9D)C2K_.D
M-_.D8^OS6UT+S&9DR+?/F=W$Y!^X(O[T+
C_&#JV'8:[:6Q5\O?@%I*`]8C
&ULA53;CILP



MA6FC&P+NH'A_'FG37W^`U!+`P04``````S@TU'U*#I!^$!``!;!0``&0``



MD;3&#'.

7V@:;=
&$@WD9


MQ8C6XRV^^0SE=^INCK4Q2RM\,$%76B(URR#AEQ7K((B?Y=@S!)02XIPN03






!3\%8L/J

MJ@^[STXX!%2#6=L)W;]?WY(F%6GZ@B_

Q9OL`!1Z']@HUT&GU+3
M6&X[&*B\XQ.,^D_+Q45'HH=EI
`VEC2P#`)PPP/M!^#JK1S+Z(J^5ZQ?H07



V!(LD*?V]N6XD5+L;?T#8%D42#Y*E/J,CE,08JP
M*/KN-KA\CB+\BB\;2A=-)1Z0_EM@6Q1(/O&+GE




MCF_1Z4&L_@-02P
$%`````@`







M4#;2Y@EP)





!3\%8L/6.[01@1IPZIJ'RJM]J%]=N!PT=J8
MM4W8_GU](23;D+(OL7V8F3-#\



8CD2]L^@YSA%@+EHP(\XO*44A&SQ0'4?QNUZXWZV2?1%]GVCHAF`G!

M_EH/BSG
F/@^I+B!W+41K=J(+#]-M@7B58'X$SGB[1PWD+LVDE4;R9PCW19(

GQ44F

FZX7Z
BDNH7FLM2

M

MQL:




MDYN3RK-+'J5!YE]TT)TF
)J=U2P'A:_2)TL$WI0]
/:9`H55A



(#ZX


)^X\

ME'J'*7R9'E/DJZ)8/?8I@C[%Y)
^%BB#E9;+*UT%$ZPF@2ST/7C
SF/2)']L

EY\G)N$49
&)3BR7O#EX/?









M()EY4`/T;J=56C+K2GW9M#`FD2`I
T+;%DO$_J*JR]ZKI29RMX#Z\:F;.4

!O#J.YFB.?


M&WQUT0
[P2^F3[PWZ*L^V?U;9*67`JZ8

M:&5E='

RYX;6R-6-MRVC`0_14/'Q!+*\N7###3D)#VH3.9/K3/

M8=BN=JK*VQN]5[7Y9:.;*N_
8[
-VWVC\O5`JLH0&(O#*B_JR7PZO'MJYE/]
MVI5%K9Z:H'VMJKSY=Z=*?9A-^


B!&9#6C/40



MS-*B!
@TNIY

+8=9&8%(E1)+T@8C$\$1XJ








M/1?OLB9$11^
J6&D





M2P
$%`````@`
5AK-8?=
)\Z'AH\L



M

+VB0$NQ]`W`80-H!P`?BMR7K4





MW$RQTX#(6

'0H#C1)G9_`B_
M*R=






;F[L.%'(]D/0L!$!FQPQL\F)KTZ:*MWNQQ.X

M5;NFZ;6QQ3Z;N3_H8GNY*?6N'[ZFPZ*P)W;VIF].TP'DY11T]3]02P
$%```
M``@`
X--1[+SQKVJ`0``L0




!B&_TK#
M#U@[!MNR
!*G
7IA8KS0ZVY\C

B7)!#[SO^WREA:)3^MTT


D^&B1=V;*R?P&6!1U_%!$C#E$0:ZFUR
M


M$C7S)?'7WZ#%)&C1@_(I4!Y!49.1?X*R25#6@Y93H'4$10V997]#\DE(WD-6





[]6[
M9#&/XOL


MM\FB_.LLB^]KE[@
TRA!8
S52;!R5M

MUSI-Z8
HFP$0?@J#M';UP\-F_[#3K(%CH'X
%XO##W'R%*MI&&1)'
[5)
O6



LT


?^%W_9Z[9[?.CHB%KW7[0[\01?^8Z4`GJ'AL?0K


WD;'(]&3OP



MP6VTB*K.9/V$V#8'U@9R2Q3C.4!@2@D/:Z;?
.WQQ?OWDVLDXBG1-'#$Z\GY
MV_'Y


MMO#&U


M`/2U85JR^'X/


0\



MC&ES7+
YEEP$

MZGKT;^ZU@'3WPV0*PQ2

T




MR=0UWRQ?(&K7[W:CJ(]4
4-R6J;)QV@.(V^?U?XZH[4.-(ZCF&DH:QLU3NB-




KVO<:J?@O@V






MA:BMP-0D5


G3;^^[!+NX3&
X+T6VBQQ'WN0Q7H8
M.\/

M:[9!=
?&XVQ]FT7S*$C%V&]-3!!X'X#RX'%P07-8?2/7@#H/ZP!.%C^OD:.E

O6SAX\'+HD$31QU!K@(2K5Y&X4ED,-D*_`T@%



PL!R`]AL(!+
MP5.C'RP2BQQ*4`N-*\!2G2TYTJ$LPZLG`@_5&C)`6+@)05ZVGW#X9@3
8T%#






MIZ5EE*47T2WP%7A[DO6296VD+WZB@
9GRK2LFO02/8--85I5_AB!0!*#_ZG
M]!KB,VOA'+ZFPD4NPV2Y/'WJW#)`4KPJ=$8;`3*E3M@;Y5Z'+*O._T#(*'Y
M`:ADL9Z'S&.T791LZ

M-_XF*0TV4!BZ67SP;/&A`
YM;

4\C(7
M@AE?_D/P


M

)^2]`
I?\+OI_V_5X;=+;N4'_J%8(H4!8-B:C
M3Q&++6L$VRI@L+*)+RM`XPY5JC#


M#
FU/*?U*RL3

]+%#`FY'&F&\?*
687T'
M\W!B%=T5I=4$EZ1=9NL[Q`EDO09H($&LEQC^28?

!:
([F
M






M#LB-R





7)%(Z=E4EDM!^0#:0J;8=()(A@@JQNMCC

FKFR?(;J'4&$!+<X_+05D5I3.2JRZ5!

0PSDP97Q








/_0PAB(!P]


X:W@UPQ45Q4A0I.4`D(MG


MZY@Y
!?G68=7DH@7/=(N]



V8-%6EA&3\:B$-2D@GN0YUD#T*[`XMNDHQ`HWJC\
MY#


.*O'-Z%R^QE0S8&?5DO3^L4Z^







7


-VT\/?

39#]]H@;.TZOPIS3-4$

.B1XUT%SA+&





M]?Z-ZO3][J#K-WO=`W%MZ(B
-



M)(_U%C9MFM-QCL2\F2187;)@ZMWL7VY0NL7MWN@NS4VR35DQCMX-K;R?ET
MC$4\0/YT`\'OTPA#XG9@'%AJKC`7WH%GF=]UU(^?AUU8L$0E`;EV;I;(PS*8

M02(QSTO[N=8$%(B[HH^)&2;2S$'ZRD'/68P!.`\TOI#KJS/&))LQS2Y_*R
M`ZZSG-TLC@N8HIQ

M=+\N)!V?=&

MLA7[!Y(-H@ZR8QV%83$.8POR=$:JE=W$65&E1+T7\.[=*ZUX7UYIQ2DT](LJ
MK7A?5&E%?6&E%8N+$\WI.
U27!R(9D?#KLI^7B

1KU\9/+9$.CY1%K!/52'MNHO
'W]D'GD&14PG?QH?[[I?P=\_(1?_0E'YJ+1EJ<R?:T#((B1K8B96



T[/CP



8T6JH^14;=6.0RM'=165\&8N:OB&J5`OP&*`O=82R
M4.HYE*(!;2%4T%@?'_W$A2=JK]7H-4%::K0J0\X0
.F$OU:^12W+R5D.5.:
M

@3W+EJ5MJ-H$;5M9
M\Y`\V'#G`,FLN*&ROP
MB/)S#$$PXAL.XHPUB5'S[(A?DT7IKU@0#TS%:]Q_2X*!R[=3@?OA:'YDH/
M)+0T4!^B15*$%1LG

MB?.7\


M&!FO1^=O)V_.QC7MJMXFR9P#ZF-TM9@.)R]V3DS(_EA:S9I18E*4I.(:[UQ`
MP10IAH

AP$


M:CGYZC9)05P``+1-?30T/A




MR^.


$]3'UO5UCBIMP
MHIN8LAP

M_+HJ/8:.%G+7W#=!_$%=X0RXA6YCV

0NA:`%;'S`K:@F69K


I`E1*G*.

MP!]VAZ5%I!J*59\T






PR$PG17D`J)TIY-=C:S
M

MV^0H6V)^T9=.KQO(CKTC)**^5L0[PR.07QT+3T45`HI`IV2`3N^P4XJ=0MJ.
MI-U18#%M
?N3V-H!2;DKAJ46J(V][C#/*-=L34Q?F\)^OSS*N#8*SJT?G)NW

MCB!Y

G^U;+(F7;'Z






M6;:`AA9N\*NOGS6V)B(/`E3!E



MCVA)E_


MEE1A28+0P;.Q:C6_MEOJ-+;



V\V*Q8XIBE\N(=%77N:?9%IG5V(NXPLAVB6-QY^(J
M:N'L(8Y^UEB8-S?.AU/M*H&1LP&63(JVM?WOO4N`V*6^CKS7IDP6^DDLZ5


H`M8!']4%^



FR#G`*+#A66!AD
_*/F47XML-YP
MT%$][

M)4?-HVW'7$1Q2XN]ZT/E3
H!/`NC_O2*8JA850(
3\#L*R\ON:L+\`=J&F(S
M7S62I%$JG@PRVBV


FX8YT\






VB/6P0:SZ9VL0

M.@UL&];8W
EG+.(D_EA7(=9
MWC<QJ6GY6_7):Y=@V\FSH8*ZWE^;2C\3]A0V`DOJ.\*O&'H_[M6Q`X2%B+H
MG

-[R_=M_B#6_N2]H?NYZ_4L_CK0/^X=LE5YP0







MMA38^`]5?:P?D_0#YYV2HJY37

W*2KT&U
M#WEE*S::+5KES]XEL,WO\7^X+U3M!5N8)2BS?<P

-

V:_X(\6B.Q7=8$C
$;GSD;V^AF

FM&&S

4*5WTG5/9M]K.
MU;\_)%C0.HS5&UWEX#A19ZMYO9BAWG/F(AF:71C/M$K7:M;BO#6F[JJKE%)'
M?Y38PSBO=!`G\2&9^DFYMHRTK=HLUYFMY*LGL+1IUJ#*GUJDNO^E&VRC]D@
MOVCC@.6?_VM+%
%VAUZYMEIZ].ZY976]SRFUB5ZZ%W5&UTV#O48]SVSJ%M

M1

NUBBK-);K&

:
MMYI#*IBL06EO)GF.

MV\.G9?=3[Z37C&Q?D&[RP5+AQ@BS[PJ-[:\OU.GD?'1^/!F=*7CJKB?7-^3!



Y6?'L3-:I@W5Y5^;SF%+#
M(


M-I2
G+R0N1JMN+!




&6&D'!^JA0^

W7G-


4)YLXK%7X[/1]?@$5D`WP_75Z'PZ
<8J
C





:*)=[HB=EMF+$:5(P[









M4$L!`A0#%`````@`
X--1Y5/^*0^`0``:0
``!$``````````````(`!=`D`


M`!
``````````````(`!X0H``'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE


4``````S@TU'%DE@N9@

4``````S@TU'@3K'^%H#``0#0``&```````````
M````@`'

M

M='

``+L.```8````


X--1_N&MF2D`0``L0
`




!


X--


O

BYX;6Q02P$%`,4``````S@TU'E6#M;Z



'Q

M

X--1S*9\=FD`0``L0
``!D`````````````
M`(`!&4






M%`````@`

4``````S@TU'^U[^*J,!``Q


C

X--1X]_
M%MZC`0``L0


M970R-YX;6Q02P$%`
4``````S@TU'3N51WZ,!``Q`P``&0``````````


M%`


3)L`$`

CDN

X--1\Q)/X&F`0``L0
``!D``````````````(`!


YX;6Q02P$%`

M:&5E=#
Q+GAM;%!+`0(4`Q0````(`#.#34=
X(T/I0$``+$#```9````````


M``@`

M:&5E='




4
&UL
M4$L!`A0#%`````@`,X--1YDS;_ZP`0``_0,``!D``````````````(`!G4`


BYX;6Q02P$%`,4``````S@TU'Y(:7

M='







X--1\)XKBI'`P``)0\``!D`````````





M`A0#%`````@`
X--1XKB'6D%`@``8P4``!D``````````````(`!
)(``'AL






X--1\[%L2D/`@``F@8`


YX;6Q0
M2P$%`



X--1T]:`W)B`P``)Q```!D`````````````


RYX;6Q02P$%`,4``````S


L``!X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+!08`````3`!,`,84```]@``````
`
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014













231





371
958


567
252





371
958)


567
252)







231





































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









































984














000







000







664














500







705






























730












































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015











    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June 30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
1
231
    

    
    
    
3
371
958
    
    
2
567
252
    

    
    
    
(3
371
958
    
    
(2
567
252
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
1
231
    





The
Company has a net operating loss carry forward as follows:&#160;



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June 30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
290
901
    
    
7
361
710
    

    
    
    
4
196
931
    
    
2
907
296
    

    
    
    
13
487
832
    
    
10
269
006
    





The
components of income before taxes are as follows:&#160;



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
614
859
    
    
(3
630
972
    

    
    
    
(1
289
635
    
    
(1
130
950
    

    
    
    
(3
904
494
    
    
(4
761
922
    





The
provision for income taxes consists of the following:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
For


    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






A
reconciliation of the Company&#146;s effective tax rate as a percentage of income before taxes and Federal statutory rate for
the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014 respectively
 is as follows:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

































































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






















































































Tabular disclosure of pertinent information
 such as tax authority
 amounts
 and expiration dates
 of net operating loss carryforwards
 including an assessment of the likelihood of utilization.




































/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014




904
494)


761
922)












614
859)


630
972)












289
635)


130
950)







Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments
 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE
S - OPERATING SEGMENTS

The
Company currently has two operating segments
 (1) the cultivation and harvest of Ginseng for the production of Ginseng beverages
and (2) the retail sales of cosmetics and health supplements.

The
Company&#146;s reportable business segments are strategic business units that offer different products. Each segment is managed
separately because they require different productions techniques and market to different classes of customers.

Year
ended June 30
 2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Parent
    Company
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
272
607
    
    
272
607
    

    
    
    
(703
941
    
    
(2
494
179
    
    
(120
680
    
    
(3
318
800
    

    
    
    
103
790
    
    
8
160
479
    
    
79
891
    
    
8
344
160
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
568
    
    
74
496
    
    
    
    
    
76
664
    

    
    
    
62
183
    
    
1
666
149
    
    
    
    
    
1
728
332
    

    
    
    
1
683
    
    
3
451
    
    
    
    
    
5
134
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Year ended June 30
 2014:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Parent
    Company
    
    
    
Cosmetics/
    Supplements
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
2
480
717
    
    
129
307
    
    
2
610
024
    

    
    
    
(1
130
950
    
    
(3
366
551
    
    
(264
421
    
    
(4
761
922
    

    
    
    
17
243
    
    
8
746
149
    
    
56
899
    
    
8
820
291
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
582
    
    
75
928
    
    
    
    
    
77
909
    

    
    
    
46
873
    
    
543
053
    
    
212
306
    
    
802
232
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
24
905
    
    
    
    
    
24
905
    




































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Sep. 10
 2011
Oct. 29
 2013
































  2012


  2014




  2003











 2009 and has been accrued in subsequent periods.













055




139
























000
000









Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the payment terms of the debt instrument (for example
 whether periodic payments include principal and frequency of payments) and discussion about any contingencies associated with the payment.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
























































The portion of the carrying amount of short-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date which accrues interest at a set
 unchanging rate.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





DEPOSIT FOR EQUIPMENT PURCHASE (Details Narrative) - Nov. 30
 2013






967
480
















474
054







The carrying amount of the asset transferred to a third party to serve as a deposit
 which typically serves as security against failure by the transferor to perform under terms of an agreement.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8
17)



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Sep. 10
 2011




















Jun. 30
 2002






966
052













  2012


  2014


  2014






  2003







606






635


























474
054















300
000













Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















600
000





000
000








































































































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]








760


487










Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]








760


487





321


432





139


055






























































































Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























































 the difference will be deducted from the total payment for Ginseng purchased. If the harvest produces more that 2kg per square meter
 the Company pays approximately $3.00 for every extra kilo.




















567


964



















































































































































































Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due after one year (or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 including liabilities for compensation costs
 fringe benefits other than pension and postretirement obligations
 rent
 contractual rights and obligations
 and statutory obligations.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





NOTE
C - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property
and equipment is comprised of the following at:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
 472
128
    
    
1
462
749
    

    
    
    
393
100
    
    
388
159
    

    
    
    
30
501
    
    
30
307
    

    
    
    
27
895
    
    
25
092
    

    
    
    
1
923
624
    
    
1
906
307
    

    
    
    
(525
199
    
    
(447
749
    

    
    
    
1
398
425
    
    
1
458
558
    


Substantially
all of the property and equipment is located in China.

Total
Depreciation was $73
682 and $77
077 for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&#160; Depreciation is recorded
in the financial statements as follows:



    
    
Year


    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
73
682
    
    
76
080
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
73
682
    
    
77
077
    


Depreciation
expense is included within Depreciation and amortization on the consolidated Statements of Operations. Capitalized Inventory and
Ginseng Crops are included within the respective balances on the consolidated Balance Sheets.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















555





529





884



































Amount of contractual obligation
 including but not limited to
 long-term debt
 capital lease obligations
 operating lease obligations
 purchase obligations
 and other commitments.




























Amount of contractual obligation due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of contractual obligation due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











006


300





787


911





789


830





399


371



Inventory
 net

981


412



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of products used directly or indirectly in the manufacturing or production process
 which may or may not become part of the final product. May also include items used in the storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of items used in storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods that are targeted for sale to end users.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





Property
and equipment is comprised of the following at:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
 472
128
    
    
1
462
749
    

    
    
    
393
100
    
    
388
159
    

    
    
    
30
501
    
    
30
307
    

    
    
    
27
895
    
    
25
092
    

    
    
    
1
923
624
    
    
1
906
307
    

    
    
    
(525
199
    
    
(447
749
    

    
    
    
1
398
425
    
    
1
458
558
    






Depreciation is recorded in the financial statements
as follows:&#160;


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Year

    June 30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
73
682
    
    
76
080
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
73
682
    
    
77
077
    

































































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







Property
and equipment is recorded at cost and is depreciated using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective
assets
 as follows:&#160;


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





































Describes the periods of time over which an entity anticipates to receive utility from its property
 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014




487
832


269
006












290
901


361
710












196
931


907
296







Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





























027






















905
















000









The parent entity's interest in net assets of the subsidiary
 expressed as a percentage.

























































Amount of realized and unrealized gain (loss)
 from the firm's direct investment activity
 conducted separately from customer trading activities
 and includes
 but is not limited to
 investments in private equity
 alternative investment products
 real estate
 and exchanges and memberships.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.13(g)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.2
3)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







Inventory
is comprised of the following at:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
126
006
    
    
146
300
    

    
    
    
67
787
    
    
2
911
    

    
    
    
87
789
    
    
79
830
    

    
    
    
4
399
    
    
4
371
    

    
    
    
285
981
    
    
233
412




































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
 -Subparagraph a
b
c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







An
analysis of ginseng crop costs is as follows for each of the applicable periods.:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Beginning Crop
    Costs
    
    
6
721
    
    
681
967
    

Currency Conversion
    Adjustment to Beginning Balance
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Capitalized
    Costs During Year:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
21
162
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Field clearing
    and cultivation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Farmer lease
    fee net of management fee
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
3
399
    

Total Capitalized
    Costs
    
    
    
    
    
25
557
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Impairment of
    ginseng crops
    
    
(6
721
    
    
    
    

Cost of crops
    harvested
    
    
    
    
    
(700
803
    

    
    
    
(6
721
    
    
(700
803
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Ending Crop
    Costs
    
    
    
    
    
6
721
    

Less: Current
    portion
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Non-Current
    Portion of Crop Costs
    
    
    
    
    
6
721
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE B -
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Use of
Estimates 

The preparation
of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

Foreign
Currency Translation 

The Company
considers the Chinese Renminbi to be its functional currency. Assets and liabilities were translated into US dollars at period-end
exchange rates. Statement of operations amounts were translated using the average rate during the period. Gains and losses resulting
from translating foreign currency financial statements are included in accumulated other comprehensive income
 a separate component
of stockholders&#146; deficit.

Cash
Equivalents 

For purposes
of reporting cash flows
 cash equivalents include investment instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or
less. There were no cash equivalents at June 30
 2015 and 2014.

Inventory


Inventory
consists of fresh and dried Ginseng
 ginseng drinks and supplies and is stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is determined
using the First-In
 First-Out (FIFO) Method.

Advertising


The Company
expenses advertising costs as incurred.

Ginseng
Crops 

The Company
uses the full absorption costing method to value its Ginseng crops. Included in crop costs are seeds
 labor
 applicable overhead
including depreciation
 and supplies. Common costs are allocated in each period based upon the total number of hectares under
cultivation during the period.

The carrying
value of the Ginseng crops is reviewed on a regular basis for any impairment in value using management&#146;s best estimate as
to expected future market values
 yields and costs to harvest. Costs accumulated on the acres expected to be harvested during
the next fiscal year have been classified as a current asset.

Revenue
Recognition 

The Company
recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 605
 Revenue Recognition. Revenue is
recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectibility
is reasonably assured.

The Company
processes Ginseng and stores the stock for its Ginseng juice production. Any grown Ginseng not suitable for the beverage production
is sold. The Company  also purchases Ginseng for its resale business. Ginseng is planted in the Spring (March) and Fall (September)
of each year and is generally harvested in September. It usually takes 6 years for a Ginseng root to mature
 although
 senior
maturity can be 8 years.

Harvested
Ginseng can be sold in two ways: (1) fresh Ginseng which can be sold immediately and stored in refrigerators for up to 3 years
and (2) dried Ginseng which is processed and dried via sunlight and steam machines. Drying is a two month process. Dried Ginseng
can be stored up to 5 years. The Company has also been storing fresh Ginseng for future juice manufacturing.

When the
Company sells Ginseng
 it receives orders prior to harvest. For large orders
 approximately 20% to 30% is paid upon delivery as
payment in advance. The balance is billed after the customer incurs a lengthy inspection process which can take up to 60 days.
Until the customer finalizes its inspection and deems the shipment acceptable
 the shipment is still the property of the Company.
Upon customer completion of inspection and approval
 the sale is then recognized and the balance of the invoice price is wired
to the Company. For smaller orders
 customers pick up the Ginseng from the Company
 pay in cash at time of pick up and receive
an invoice with appropriate sales tax applied and a cash acknowledgement. On these orders
 revenue is recognized upon shipment/payment.
During the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 no orders were subject to the inspection process.

The Company
has entered into several distribution agreements to sell Ginseng juice and wine. In accordance with these agreements
 the distributors
will advance funds to the Company for orders to be placed. Upon the placement of orders by the distributor
 the Company will ship
the product to the distributor and title will pass to the distributor. In relation to distribution agreements for Ginseng beverages
it is the Company&#146;s policy
 commencing with the initiation of the distribution agreements
 to allow the distributors to return
all unsold products at the end of six months from the shipment date should the product not be sold and the product has not exceeded
the expiration date. The Company is establishing history as to the quantity of the Ginseng which has been returned in order to
determine if a reserve for returns and allowances is necessary. To date
 returns have been minimal.

Revenue
Recognition (Continued) 

For each
reporting period
 the Company ascertains from each distributor its&#146; current on hand quantity and assesses the situation in
order to establish a return allowance
 if necessary. At June 30
 2015
 no inventory was held on consignment. At June 30
 2015
and 2014
 no amounts were sold on consignment.

The Company
also sells health and specialized local products. Revenue is recognized upon shipment of these products.

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

The allowance
for doubtful accounts represents management&#146;s estimate of the amount of probable credit losses
 determined by reviewing past
due balances and other information. Account balances are written off against the allowance if management determines the receivable
is uncollectible. The Company&#146;s standard terms stipulate payment in 60 days.

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment is recorded at cost and is depreciated using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective
assets
 as follows:&#160;


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


Routine
maintenance
 repairs and replacement costs are expensed as incurred and improvements that extend the useful life of the assets
are capitalized. When equipment is sold or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated
from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in operations.

Net Loss
Per Common Share 

The Company
 (EPS) which requires presentation of basic
and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is computed by dividing the income (loss) available to Common Stockholders by the weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is based on the weighted-average number of shares of Common Stock
and Common Stock equivalents outstanding during the periods.

Comprehensive
Income 

The Company
follows ASC 220-10
. ASC 220-10 requires the reporting of comprehensive income in addition
to net income from operations. Comprehensive income is a more inclusive financial reporting methodology that includes disclosure
of information that historically has not been recognized in the calculation of net income.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The carrying
amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate
fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments.

Income
Taxes 

The Company
accounts for income taxes utilizing the liability method of accounting. Under the liability method
 deferred taxes are determined
based on differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted tax rates in effect in years
in which differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets
to amounts that are expected to be ultimately realized.

Uncertainty
in Income Taxes 

The Company
 (&#147;ASC 740-10&#148;). This interpretation requires recognition
and measurement of uncertain income tax positions using a &#147;more-likely-than-not&#148; approach. Management evaluates their
tax positions on an annual basis
 and has determined that as of June 30
 2015 and 2014
 no additional accrual for income taxes
other than the foreign
 federal and state provisions and related interest and estimated penalty accruals are considered necessary.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets
 primarily property and equipment
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include
a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset
 a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset
is used
 or a significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets is not recoverable.
For long-lived assets to be held and used
 the Company recognizes an impairment loss only if its carrying amount is not recoverable
through its undiscounted cash flows and measures the impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and estimated
fair value.

Fair
Value Measurements

ASC 820
 defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting
principles
 and expands disclosure about fair value measurements.




Certain
reclassifications have been made to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended June 30
 2014 to make them comparable
to the presentation for the year ended June 30
 2015.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In May 2014
the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
).&#148; The new guidance provides new
criteria for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration
to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance requires expanded disclosures
to provide greater insight into both revenue that has been recognized and revenue that is expected to be recognized in the future
from existing contracts. Quantitative and qualitative information will be provided about the significant judgments and changes
in those judgments that management made to determine the revenue that is recorded. The standard will be effective for the first
interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company
is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its
consolidated financial statements.

In August
2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
&#148;
The new guidance addresses management&#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s
ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Management&#146;s evaluation should be based
on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued.
The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016.
Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and has not determined the impact
of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015










    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
378
    
    
18
261
    

    
    
    
(18
378
    
    
(15
286
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
2
975
    




































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








682


080












682


077

































































For the asset that is reclassified back to held and use from held-for-sale
 the depreciation expense recognized when the asset is reclassified. This represents the difference between the carrying value at the time the decision to reclassify is made and the carrying amount that the asset would have had if it had never been classified as held for sale (including consideration of depreciation expense).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014
Jun. 30
 2002













997
629


151
033














































Carrying value of the current portion of notes payable which were initially due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 and which are not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.




























The portion of the carrying amount of short-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date which accrues interest at a set
 unchanging rate.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











016


782





006


077
506





981


412





703


900





549


745





255


421
345



PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 net of accumulated depreciation of $525
199 and $447
749 at June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively

398
425


458
558












967
480


929
461







721



Intangible assets
 net of accumulated amortization of $18
378 and $15
286 at June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively



975







231





344
160


820
291












308
558


300
221





966
052


928
042





997
629


151
033





593
996


389
124





068


339





486
436


372





034


505





663


671





567


964





502
003


912
271





760


487





015
763


422
758

















Common Stock
 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 44
397
297 shares issued and outstanding at June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively

398


398





738
746


606
599





073
829)


169
335)





082


871





671
603)


602
467)





344
160


820
291



























































































































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.






















































































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP
 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.




























Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 netted by jurisdiction and classified as noncurrent.




























The aggregate amount of receivables to be collected from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)




















































































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











721


967





















162










































399







557












721)









803)





721)


803)







721














721





























































































Current portion of crops
 valued using full absorption costing method Including costs for seeds
 labor
 applicable overhead including depreciation
 and supplies.




























Non-current portion of crops
 valued using full absorption costing method Including costs for seeds
 labor
 applicable overhead including depreciation
 and supplies.
































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balance at Beginning at Jun. 30
 2013

398


498
051


407
413)


075


160
889)



Balance at Beginning (in shares) at Jun. 30
 2013

397
297




























548






548









761
922)




761
922)











796


796



Balance at End at Jun. 30
 2014

398


606
599


169
335)


871


602
467)



Balance at End (in shares) at Jun. 30
 2014

397
297




























147






147









904
494)




904
494)











789)


789)



Balance at End at Jun. 30
 2015

398


738
746


073
829)


082


671
603)



Balance at End (in shares) at Jun. 30
 2015

397
297









































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014
















State income taxes
 net of federal benefit



















































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







Each
segment is managed separately because they require different productions techniques and market to different classes of customers.

Year
ended June 30
 2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Parent
    Company
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
272
607
    
    
272
607
    

    
    
    
(1
289
635
    
    
(2
494
179
    
    
(120
680
    
    
(3
904
494
    

    
    
    
103
790
    
    
8
160
479
    
    
79
891
    
    
8
344
160
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
568
    
    
74
496
    
    
    
    
    
76
664
    

    
    
    
443
935
    
    
1
666
149
    
    
    
    
    

110

    

    
    
    
1
683
    
    
3
451
    
    
    
    
    
5
134
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Year ended June 30
 2014:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Parent
    Company
    
    
    
Cosmetics/
    Supplements
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
2
480
717
    
    
129
307
    
    
2
610
024
    

    
    
    
(1
130
950
    
    
(3
366
551
    
    
(264
421
    
    
(4
761
922
    

    
    
    
17
243
    
    
8
746
149
    
    
56
899
    
    
8
820
291
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
582
    
    
75
928
    
    
    
    
    
77
909
    

    
    
    
46
873
    
    
543
053
    
    
212
306
    
    
802
232
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
24
905
    
    
    
    
    
24
905
    








Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











607


610
024





904
494)


761
922)





344
160


820
291












664


909





110
084


232





134









905


























289
635)


130
950)





790


243












568


582





935


873





683






























480
717





494
179)


366
551)





160
479


746
149












496


928





666
149


053





451









905



















607


307





680)


421)





891


899





















306







































































































































The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.




























The amount by which the fair value of an investment is less than the amortized cost basis or carrying amount of that investment at the balance sheet date and the decline in fair value is deemed to be other than temporary
 before considering whether or not such amount is recognized in earnings or other comprehensive income.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE
P - DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS


June 30
 2013
 the Company discontinued its&#146; grape production operations. The Company sold the assets and liabilities of
Tonghua Linyuan
 and closed Tonghua Linyuan.

The
Company has retained $513
760 and $510
487 in contingent liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan at June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

consisted of a loan payable to a financial institution of $327
139 and accounts payable and accrued expenses of $186
321 at June
30
 2015 and a loan payable to a financial institution of $325
055 and accounts payable and accrued expenses of $185
432 at June
30
 2014.



































The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NATURE OF BUSINESS
 PRESENTATION AND GOING CONCERN (Details Narrative)


































Aug. 31
 2005
Nov. 24
 2004



















000
000


000
000













904
494)


761
922)













073
829


169
335













523
748




























































































730















 2004.




























































443
000


000
000













000
000











Registered stock
 par value (in dollars per share) | $ / shares



























































































500















705































































































































































































































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























This element represents the description of a lease related indemnification agreement including the nature of the indemnification
 the maximum potential amount of future payments the indemnification agreement could be required to make under the agreement
 the current carrying amount of the liability and the nature of any recourse provision that would enable the lessee guarantor) to recover from third parties any of the amounts paid under the agreement and any assets held either as collateral or by third parties that upon occurrence of any triggering event or condition under the indemnification agreement the guarantor can obtain and liquidate to recover all or a portion of the amounts paid under the indemnification agreement.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE
R - CONCENTRATIONS

In
the year ended June 30
 2015
 no customer accounted for more than 10% of revenues.

In
the year ended June 30
 2014
 one customer accounted for 64% of revenues and another two customers accounted for 25% of revenues.
No other customer accounted for more than 10% of revenues.



































The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.




































/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





NATURE OF BUSINESS
 PRESENTATION AND GOING CONCERN


Jun. 30
 2015

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]




NATURE OF BUSINESS
 PRESENTATION AND GOING CONCERN
NOTE A -
NATURE OF BUSINESS
 PRESENTATION AND GOING CONCERN

Nature
of Business

China Ginseng
Holdings
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 was incorporated under the laws of Nevada on June 24
 2004.

On November
24
 2004
 the Company acquired 55% of Yanbian Huaxing Ginseng Industry Co. Limited (&#147;Yanbian Huaxing&#148;)
 which is located
in China and
 is in the business of farming
 processing
 distribution
 and marketing of Asian Ginseng. The company utilizes the
Ginseng harvest to produce a Ginseng beverage and buys Ginseng for the resale market. In August
 2005
 the Company acquired the
remaining 45% of Yanbian Huaxing.

Yanbian
Huaxing controls
 through 20 year leases granted by the Chinese Government
 approximately 1
500 hectares (3
705 acres) of land
used to grow ginseng. The Company had no operations prior to November 24
 2004. These leases expire through 2024. During the year
ended June 30
 2014
 the Forestry Bureau governing one of the farms approximating 700 hectares (1
730 acres) of land leased by
Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing
and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.

On August
24
 2005
 the Company acquired Jilin Ganzhi Ginseng Produce Co. Limited
 whose principal business is the manufacture of Ginseng
drinks.

On October
19
 2005
 the Company incorporated a new company
 Jilin Huamei Beverage Co. Limited (&#147;Jilin Huamei&#148;)
 which operates
as a sales department for the Company&#146;s earned giving juice and wine
 which are produced by other subsidiaries of the Company.

On March
31
 2008 the Company acquired Tonghua Linyuan Grape Planting Co. Limited (&#147;Tonghua Linyuan&#148;) whose principal activity
was the growing
 cultivation and harvesting of a grape vineyard. The Company plans to produce wine and grape juice but to date
has not commenced production. As of June 30
 2012
 Tonghua Linyuan leased 750 acres of land on which the grapes were planted.
In June 2012
 the Company decided to abandon the growing and harvesting of grapes due to the poor quality of recent harvests which
were not suitable for the production of wine or grape juice. Accordingly
 the Company abandoned the vineyard has also decided
not to renew its leases with the Chinese Government. The Company will now purchase grapes in the open market to produce wine and
grape juice. On June 30
 2013
 the Company sold the assets and liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan to a third party.

On March
2
 2012
 the Company approved the incorporation of a new subsidiary
 Hong Kong Huaxia International Industrial Co.
 Limited (&#147;Hong
Kong Huaxia&#148;) in Hong Kong in order to sell health and specialized local products. Hong Kong Huaxia was incorporated in Hong
Kong on March 18
 2012 and began operations in April 2012. Hong Kong Huaxia has registered 880
000
000 shares of 1 HKD par value
stock in Hong Kong. None of the $113
443
000 (880
000
000 HKD) registered capital of Hong Kong Huaxia has been funded.

On September
27
 2013
 the Company established a new wholly owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Huaxia
 Jilin Huaxia Ginseng Co.
 Ltd (&#147;Jilin
Huaxia&#148;) in order to open online store through Taobao Marketplace
 the biggest online Business to Consumer and Consumer to
Consumer platform in Asia
 a subsidiary company of Alibaba Group
 Hong
Kong Huaxia registered capital of $6
000
000 in Jilin Huaxia.

Substantially
all of the Company&#146;s operations are in the People&#146;s Republic of China and Hong Kong.

Consolidated
Financial Statements 

The financial
statements include the accounts and activities of China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Yanbian Huaxing
Ginseng Co. Limited
 Jilin Huamei Beverage Co. Limited
 Jilin Ganzhi Ginseng Products Co. Limited
 Tonghua Linyuan Grape Planting
Co. Limited and Hong Kong Huaxia International Industrial
 Co. Limited
 which included Jilin Huaxia Ginseng Co
 Ltd. All intercompany
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Going
Concern 

As indicated
in the accompanying financial statements
 the Company had net loss of $3
904
494 and $4
761
922 for the years ended June 30
 2015
and 2014
 respectively; an accumulated deficit of $18
073
829 at June 30
 2015
 a working capital deficit of $16
523
748 at June
30
 2015 and there are existing uncertain conditions the Company foresees relating to its debt and ability to obtain working capital
and operate successfully. Management&#146;s plans include the raising of capital through the equity markets to fund future operations
and the generating of revenue through its businesses. Failure to raise adequate capital and generate adequate sales revenues could
result in the Company having to curtail or cease operations.

Additionally
even if the Company does raise sufficient capital to support its operating expenses and generate adequate revenues
 there can
be no assurances that the revenues will be sufficient to enable it to develop business to a level where it will generate profits
and cash flows from operations. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going
concern. However
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates
the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. These consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might
be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.



































The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











199


749





378


286



Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

397
297


397
297



Common stock
 shares outstanding

397
297


397
297







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
































































begin 644 0001615774-15-002913-xbrl.zip



MW1GSC\___F\
^N_C?PP&S-`%N@]
YF7!//'


MG?_/MZ]/QA3

FF`W@(N
M-%;?[?\H^0'@'^=CBY\DH+.<`+;=Q?I;1<_Q)\)&Y\%KHMZW:[OXJ<I#0_M

M



M[
^A


M&=`G!G3AG5(&](D!7?NCEX81S`(+I^8^^%/@8L6Y8(K5^PKN;
.9@9
B2&Y]

\_
M=/L%ZO:O@?Z&@HOC8
=5X*&`R?

M7L


M

MVM@CD65^
NB[\F:XK;I2ZUO%?JFKB=3(UQVG9W:XAZ3^61-<D=DII:Y




M97S(K&X?28[B'M:L-R)MU9S2I^AH2NG3%_KT=K#*.
B9#E:4+OOW2U
+TYF%

A:ZYBZ+ASQT5ZB_+-CN14C&?H

MSLK'NHS%QC]=(



M/`/`V(63^!2


'6\&?&AX
MV!T/YG/KF.[=RK.`GZD`ZF(63`6D=.HMG7J?*D@IU$
*=9M.1KG04RYTEG(4
M'4B-O-&C:?TOP)FX^GP*C57.0%1)Y)A2_Z
H
;X_G0`QOC]18N1V3*G%.&$7
M

4X16*L_
U#O#(SX8@EEA:G0NDIO2(0BWJ.1UCJU*WYZAX1VM2OOJ
M





M*%\W


M


N(E&C-SED_/K.TLC


Q@*QL^P$X?8P(#(L5ZG\Z05$'#%DM42(T2Q:;PQYG-'#MT



M@O=DUL0(&?M^6@)&2NGE


1V/0&7.^*?





MY5\'`



M#77&M!51\N4


MH'#&KT-%G
JDJAFRUZJZ`MR6W#'?+C(P-PHH$7+7$V
MU,T*2BP<I.`M*(3/ER%N.W'#<('N@6L0_7UGIZ:9U!+*B;Q!)


TQY'KX+.`S*O%=P_K.

3
M3?$RK)8
=]D!9)G`&!ZN,3$L89U:(G'&9Q$E+53654A;DF

QX#PW\8W[P9^`9!\*C[X


M\PFJP=@MYXBQE
;JDBVBL+&2Q

=E_)BZU60
)



MMN

M00K+JN)V;+`SLV`OA.)K=CPO\'4BJ&78YY#WQ73)K`57:PQ/MNTB+;6MNM
M/#IY8[&X7%FU02!5:J%59=@W
:E$W


.90+7PVN`_B)#;=G65Y)97B1O`MDNNYST7..;



MG%2U[^RP2O?.:]C%&&?


P\:@X0P9/0N/GJW:]?I]3($V^'OE8Q)
T

0GS4@OV0F[NO[7Q?T#LL_[-\4_
MWC;;_


_PH0RP].=T0?CXMS`P#V
A!;

ZLJP)
MYF-9891Y5L/HFLU
GLV`FH!`R.=SW?E

M_H

'J0V:G66:
M'9I5



M.FAXKP
N`MCKV3$B!K4\UP-J3W-N4AX*.9+MQV%!MT#H
/=`G(_R
M_0.'Z<G-V
MS6[/_CC[].6/=RPRZOKL^OSJ[

MH%6K]2ZXH)98QAQ]!VY0O=AS/1L%J.SKS&1C9X/UP@AT*F``%EYX\1^4D$(@



P'0R+
SAXO/
M($_N'OY@#W=GU_=GYRA`]`7^#2Q[^@+OK;5]P(XF7A&/=2[\V-
\L
G-S/]
MF2O@



DXBQ)'

ME2V9X7$#Q`POI_C'-[IB$'+S=1!ZTHRZMVE#/81SN4%@\4XTQKN3(#-A3NO/

M(_L[W




M=1L

GGQK\?@H7.CS3Q6RE1_
(#ME5


M'6L!XGV%*=I&'0TEX/PH/QCU5H][S(KWCY(2BXFZ-R5HSK/?.`RY$-%Z]WG
M,.TE_=1GZA6MGVV5ZFV%_2P8VE4[H+*J\C2NH@6I&)EK+*8-N;?AI'(4]


SNA3/[M5\!))0K2TS
M4N:-J#5[V!:P4TC/

WS9^W2WR)6QT@Z







A
/#
9DZ6S0($0DM7OSX_N+V_H/
1
BB
A8(G@Q3B0IRCG
HV*G%LT

M4/.
K?(



,L:8P'5=UPR8
MI/(MSC'PCA&W48U7F0BI@J/`&AE5*J?L!.'?MED.!UXC3GSO.YS-$\Q!/`$U
M/X=(*!VV

$$J^F=DY94F:\S;Q`[G

#-E/GM7DQ#1+J2GP3
8QE^!K
_C5%&_+JBG?1)_)?F[[
M-_TO83#X@J5)1';+

MX
S
Z_472ON$T2]N*=9E'



)F)GV?W
M%.5J+_4Y7E+EO9&5]U`9B%MY)
F;C`+R`T5A`$D\($CG&NM=Q&81BMEX
ML1^!(
9*3OI[QN
M%6\LMB,+MU<`H


MINYX.'CIGB=DJ)

`\G'
M[3@


Z4+MNM#J6

FS(I^%)^O3T=K]PYI+Y9*NN]NC]FMRO




;




MS+0F4
#7
MIJCP15BF
#[_E$QO^8S#V6I:]7:C4\#=[#





`*(V].@2+(*'5;G?:*X-PGV)/
M8QY?\^2F?\=CCBDQ*ZL-]?8L9



M2]7


SQ4G&

MC$-

^2OUX!X_RSVWJ#1_
MQ?K8
IM%+]-4V\5X'5LEZN!3U6K\.$;TJTUYHULUX@B7D3K`/(0E*^VVVW

XS-\J:2*K5.]U:








*BJ-WQ




`Q\KG/HXB[\)`(\L`

M)
K-RD$^

06PM!G!6)7#5TJ=6V%&ZRL1:?8:5


M*L:\.9;=4ZO9;
XJ?#%UB
D3O+6EO3SZLHNJ4Y[ZQ




^J#C





+CUU.5

MP02-P-:S5P8?5-Y]JBIE2.Z%C:[

2U3LSF2:V0O#)KNBV`-+

MO)S!O!!TTHAR/^1^?QOWT-?&7^
:K6@XUR1?S#5=J(W3T)[N452L69K/M1P4


M


H873]D7

M#&9@[P2


\HDS

=&EHV8T39
-N9-@AUGVOFZTS2;#WMWQ!]QE



M\])+
-&B[)K'2_\'^#KP?#OX[]#+N/.MY.0%@86B*`2J@?




MK
$PV1-4DJN).HS`$*D+UJ5K=55F<9

M-?\#MI#]+_Z+U'2;45G-P!9!ZLI*X
&?P!R-6=P11R!XJ,4622*YVP2^(=



53TNY1

MN%+`$20)YG[:CF!E0_N1QV-^S!%H-15IQB5H7G6MGC6[V%.'X$#^Z_YT]:`
M/4,NY'HEI[!B1W0ZT)*3,36
Z^R-DT.



MCX::@#/#AK2+`VMWT`_?3X';G[(\

M@
%NHC`KE7&7`)%E5(Q9^%58_^7H&


0=Y(V/TXQ3\ZCBD.*'D/X=HP%


OHE



-I?XD

M!R41L\O
-^)3!)6J+J'M+=NUMPCY1/Q
A:XG13


I,,`9Y_]C@!!S(32D;V$
M%7QW%CB9YD2&?J67N7DT8Z0J9+$Q9?FB)SY)87AK<=2'4%!YWJP]$BH1`D%


NXTOX



M'&J0BW1KP/BA2

ZO?B2BZ4]0!OA*DU*2?1++XJ3DRL`7_QUDR;L

MH@(*B6!4TEEKACNC_33FXIJ*;F=F]^(P&LLBVL(5/B*VCY=6DB%T;U6!-PYN


N2VBDS``7`VM]#.P2C)


M4!)CUO(&B4&

R?3ID(=11$@4]2=8P[.HNBY*


:$&DJF-LCEF1
M;X:RJ:@NB;3@4M(O2[

A+S!IYGZ5A?5#615*_2%I)NT3N
M9LT%G5=(X`*U
0$)G=(CB?T=()6=4H1


M+5C7'CU
A@M\#-:2



MQS

W

M^%O&XD$L1#RKO+-QNE\RE.K'Y3I9'X#X=S5:2')LQZD-&X96T*

M0)K

PA:&&6))7I(*




L


1ZRK=3ED`42F!!71)F\S]5$]/AC1A


N\MLV%8]8YA-9L?9N%X[;5\2CU1+TS0_HB*S8I*
-A4*'K+[XG\5D#=+R3#2E]IS69A8._-/%D)3(L;`+7F%X
MPNH&7I0EZ6?NC3SD6:8JN,7$AGV+^H/\!\)EV;V3*WIYU<I4F.$1A-EE;I$

2-/BBJ4*CFEH=UBW5DU1?%





`A/9UWOC)$<F(6QV2($:@+81$I


D=!W;
M&18[4S#^2*Q(W

P(4
M`!$..2D[Q



M-4-V0R)F(UA5X3)9[


6UAI9ML#B;5+**+
M=YB._JR)XQ;1:02




M9[D!5%H^

];^4T


MYDG#_':/Y7S?.&/GV1\MNM&HKK#['1AS-1#GIRWS57^;032I\`-?:-Y[;B
MM0/!HHM)N





M^7R(76^SRX#N$K$__[?N$B%T&-TE8L=$J+M$[*I+A&RU_H+0F&RP+J_WA=IJ


MX5






M=84B
9-?%UIPE3I;B

M^[



M2V??#SE?I++9


ME7;



])6G9




M$4SO/QL9R2IR'`+Q$4$
(J++/HA5HI(95(3GM7SX:T;3--D0*!G(CU*3:*SW
MY:?J1MML
MN!1S[`T2
8D+EDY^MIZ`%9/W$XBO:3C:7'Z`@![_+I/'RUGY&E



`

-/M(NTM;[FM&N

M:D



,5$VX/D`GL7<@8E/GC^K\6YU_N\CQ7[?:\2[9P2<.]QJRCV'%I@R@






8*8Y*;]VA7NOB`)GN-YD-&\S'J)9=V-.*1R&/(

M8


M
F
MI-B+9O[9)VH7)[8GL]=V:%B9'L!?!%@WR#5GJ+TXBG[9



S#_`U




H1+]&`HE)8H
M=#AWJ:&6S?P0
CQ'GTGO)]C'\B[-,+4%]@G+V'?`LOP)5X'C#D`L
.LYZW
M-;'3EGC(HQV&KR-0111;M['II$VBA+ZVJ3(UQP;!V/\S1N6FUC5_/F5G2:FM
M9%

M\L'AY\)G(QJB@E3#K71QO7`P5'OBKJ%`:!`($?\K]7#10/X@]


MVD:GT9F8B%J3GK+KO/MHG)U001/4A98.KMQW=9R42A^$1




NV/K_





;U3W:UT/?[I?Z\:#.<[A<F\OB-;=T][:
U:@!VAUPZ@T=BMY

3_`5&-U#G)





KA=D:JHML7[*('@]XWTLJ2T9'1;CUTYU51M6(KLZR




$9T#K]F[5?!5]0]5'P8KNO#1


MO$3AVVXU0N4=^)KE'?:PMQ4)(


)2+)*#KI]S[A%VK1
HVEU*[3R'7+.28.CR`^KM4_KVVL@]1`F





MU[JB$/Z81V(HJHC_KMXR8/
_


M%G$7J``




/)?S0!MS9+.9CFW01
%`7K@YL)?IN5SBU)S3[<L[FHA1/@/1Z+WO3A.`V5`#?0ON@,9;=)
MH*@4Q(1/?4K@(9YLQ

M$


MWK-]]!]^E5W@5)3B;HMTO7:E7B5B@W:+HC;8=
3&JR8G'4.A8RAT#(6.H=`Q
M%#J&0L=0[-H=IV
H=`Q%U6;4
10ZAD+'4&P-7AU#4;KJKW%97^CF_SGE5\$U

M8]3;'8WB[:+8:M4JA.(-

MWK?*




X(A]W#J

(X


MG(['OBB+J@L9OX%E3U!KH;
0T`LR=XJ/ZJ4Q=J^(


UIJ^!C)26A^4QK
WOMG;WZAI2`/LY:THUV!4*Y=$A;M4/:]/[H_='[H_?G
M6/='A^SJF
A-`GYK9WVP$#AU!]


(#Y!`JY0Y\;YMUHUN8V=AT]7=
MUFTBV3(:W891:^^LD]';1'/-
HU6Q]1(WB:2ZT:]UC$Z9@70?$CW
KKN
A%5

QQ%W




M[MN-_ZE1-\RF1O9.D&W5+*-NZO+:N_'VF18(A2JIS)6_YEV-QK8786X
_O,
MQY!Y.&GN%PWS-ND6/.VA2FBV&J`(-RN[\J/M2;IMTG2
R3=+XG=\SE^
M];=?TOAD8-OC7^_Y`
7+'1^C-3$8?/9BQP_C-.(/@*1/?NA\_^W__A\$_6_9
M*\Z0NZG/;_J3+U\%_3`:D47RT[/\
1N&.0`E?+CC_;__=!F%(RS[=6*V3\Q:




MG

:__V3^1)_'MNNJSQ*P)\]-A@B9^3/HMR)Y&71;WQ['

5


1QO2(3I`E!'Y@-\
M7S.L3M=HU7?F!ZSNQFX3S9;1Z#:
6GMGH;1O$\TURS1:'5W
;
O%S+IPBP%Z
;=F-%NZ6-%N;'+H



G+1U9LL0:=$W+O=#J





/H=I+^FG_IGCP%4@V0A6FE:S:Q;H\Z7YUH5M6619S7H;T+4:

#
0NQWQ^Q

M-;E6I[X79Y%C:\QGM*RWZP?TB-XQ

MUWN:^-O];O&[FQ6_-/'R*_[BV3W/]Q*/TW%(0N?[
V6V6J6KHFO3K49X!;9D':[CE:%58`CL7;


MS#3+7NF:7:O;:F-:,8DDW1^G:(6`/@9\\A&JZDTE*Z@/UX78;FZO@3U.R?R
MN?-,607L9_K^(3QS`.B(?TIC+^@^


0&BHX*:;IP`$R=`;W_((R_


%S?G;9`.&UVS631FO03=E'81VD$
FXO^DQD;
M85H9M`L2CJ68[:P92ISNCH\`+CCQ^

?'(*=G
)

4%8//=L(W@?A.K=UI=!8$NSS]]B%?5GHNBO[9ZRCXVQS.W1CA

L2H4\
WA





M+^X/X;24SWFU@?W

MA7-%=-[YCS%W$HD
..4]#F




^JOGTKQ

:#







0A;CR[2=83B%HB`**@C!A

MY%4^70I/^_1=#HP74Q2ESQ/N8]!2[-APT-U3AB6B(CQ;_K







MG`?^XDE?NO*&HA.]C_4JGKD=Q7)HZ5!U0P`-O?!]#R:WJ:@#*@XBFRBKY8$%
M/PB:4QH91H@X#


_#&J=K*NU:S8[1:'1&U0$5?






`9%FEU@15HL]]S_A&T'Q(XO^`J$;JEV26G0I'
M/AOQMZ64*53HC?Y#6SR#%9XP!ZK;3F/S@@H+%@=.)[OV<5<V1G)J[S?+S2J


M'0;K=

ML*$O'&\\L&#?







!7[D(Y&=O1\T[]1


MX6/:T3VY)4W#:G4-TUR7*U;/-[F$4W%^





!M6?3GP
*R*Y4OH)4H;K8_X
M_F@$QR=.D!#MI`2




M:W3*SH=V


9:*
25EV2A/#=

MNC.$3!&;GT+8`P('#IS:?SB2CL/'N`^O;#822NR-8*/M@(=I#'+-'H]#9
_B



-QJUBK<5SG-ZCB[JXHT&FYR)<&%5R8DB5RDX

:V_SLP\G%\%3A^B@$9&#4#X'E!RMV;K
K?$95@NE95E&[9




M5.SJD




#-:BC8A7\(XOO@Q]B+N+JB3_DE$

M\_GYR\O+A_AJL?FO#VZX
CH=W
4O^/???B9_/3HQ


M[[@^W[&S[QG_KR=HG^
D]GZ.


C^]A3Z<[QB]]#<[WD4/8%7=4HR



BFAJ9*V'UF'L)8

MIXT-%ELC.6F-C%K!
_Z,'J3L44UK)F).,GF,(2-4M,:&;G;?-+%@T3*:MM





'21DN0&\`EJ-4[?HS1[RGNO?\
X8G7OG6'O5['O4$'






;&I@NC














MD$+'V!-/5VEFIDH%-FE\(+2J5PDP8G!%:(=ACM4L3U2H4+NYGD#JU(Y0
EY@


MGN$?]_T1%G$\


1S;*B_6=

XFW[;


Q

MO(BX^,%XWD*QD4U'H'J4Q-`D0:P=0EM$9A4&XNTDOM5Y\J6W(!
4865+










M%0M%DO[88P[PK^,S-G#M$\$NGVPK5'?MO]B3*9]&XN9U1?+RHO=C:W1'5%&
MMS\=-2VC369!](91\Y:!A\$B8U-GH^\Q(7Q+93S*XCWM[)X]L/]O3G]D0%F
MW8TLC)(YFAEFMSM^&
V(5!.
;]?JVTV+M4O0
'
S!2$^EX683$FYM]F/#(O^


.4I(4['@7&

ML'VTAKW
XIY[#_S&:4,I/UP:^.5FS#_6_M\`D)J82AU15E



M_QX`0!DU'J/@'*_=OB/G_1O-


M=6]+^O.G3+Z!

'53'WL


)9T
MA^?$A`




MQ'[P)]:%)*E




C`Q-3`V

MA^

%S_?'3T[=NW#\'I//[3!QNME
-#
MW


M8[*IP^@Z`3IP?@XB3D;(!F$D?XBA=J_':X:W9(OCH\.3T\._GP'
P.=KJ*



MD.O





(A\E^?
+8#7!T;





8?9/1[J(\E.ZPH6CX._@1



MQD2;JI:.&RCJ^`JWO)U
M1MM;.I?-&5DF$TJDWUL)
7AA3B'`]6\488CXVM;


MIZY-+;]
Y?DFP=]
^;^'`#



E2GM]JT
M;L342F(IL!=9C5OJ^%J_'&F*:IKU9[V(%Q-+X?ZXCWMDJ&-EHMZK!+EE*$-]


`S\RF=MV$?42MF9;F5D6S;M+$\_`9/K5OC0

M1=F2F

H

M%96@LW

M=E[3A_

M+0R7:/:6KF1\\Z`?+)WU!!M))-:V8



MW7A[K([G:1_2WH-



MYKO$8





M3MF


M?557R`^=_\2G_&B


M]
NX\VZFSK9M
YR^@\




Y!1^0[

TH'C%I3V\NJ6O
!EWU

V1*)V@Z3BHXLCDR
M[T.B?4BT#XE6O0C(H`4IEPG90Z)].D+EZ0CMWE[9IR/TZ0A].D)S!O4]\!X=




DWK=JJILA4T)G18K7##?A




4^Q3%CJ0H]DDL^=KHJT)5'JOODUCZ)!;)S_4U




08WER^WX'?D



MA#DX*3F?Q.

M\#%

*6*=22]_LKP(Z=[31@@'HR_B:H.@'!#
-K97(W

S

M.R4T)$PON7X*\E'UJD[1SIVWQHAB;.7T4Z`'R354F)

FHXM)^+!D[#BT.J-\0LDU
M(LH`31&?ZE8$&2FD`&0
,`,CQ.#$.$NW4G'597'
M#%5;B3!%J]D)VI\;9QVEN11*3SCEI=H_[[3)Z2`;9^?4!_T/C^AST_H\Q/Z


^B_8%ORU?ZB

M!BQUT9?$I33)?3%W,@SCAMI6#?:M(5"U,852B9`#]\L7S@!2J4BQ6.^+B


MQ2OV:X@6/E@O'1NX[*@%@T3N$`:75]GL&3

6ZJ8R7\;




S]



;VZ14E^5BNO+67AT3:#OH)F%HGEX&
_#

$
!RO7@@
Z!(B%(!;GN]:?%)0;




%P=:
MA).*R+*PA//'\S_95
M--+_4=Z1[FAZ%FO(TPL*WW:Z+7JIM!\$\DHQ?Z,@2P-T_A?]OM.Q46VY!:M


@]
M$(\

#6ZF?3$
MGAQ-IZXN82

@UP=]$JF$RPPW##HX=I3=
J9V-E*!J+XSD5`



M&!(

;ZOWZW]8_!BR^&O.GL-X:;R9Z$@?/OEQD-HO

ZSS']7.6\L-:

A6&





]&BK(;]9ZI0OI]$6U8C+8R

MYIM-N6*Q4IB&

M^R\
U`%9MQ'2B$+S9;27ICPS8%+^O=M@O)7!]:

Z*


MOK0EN[0ENU2R
ZC_S$IVY`H
7BK947O&NU2RJX

PPBRZ)T(#/%DRH[(18*B;+D?8
MD#92Y^-'V2KU1?S$DRR4NX5B&FT'K/W99.0U5+)F-)S3G/;4SP.XS1+<C4[
MOTCKV8M$'AMGZ`1OC(/:U5.!1F'T/&[:@Y9?C.U=@EC@U]YF+WL29#M_4^


C`Q-3`V

MIT^?ODZ_7\NOOO;B'7GWCA?Q;_S?'_\*__=



M.U

9QH
MZRZ*7-/T691[2-]M*-WS\K_[TS<LS-+BDW?PR;MOO\O-]__(/_[])M[MXFB9
MQ=[']VSWS,H?$37\]R\L<M^T48/&)F@T\3KJ'\N\8T7\]EKG[T+94M+]742
M[ZP_GS=0;!'Z/7PNRY

M8?G%_Y1R1`B2WZ3H?_W;-U61XQ&%6_.



OR)`1J89PGFU9`B8V85L6




MT+7I(V4O8%P


2$ZR.S5$\TZ]P5MF0&79?KX#56X'6!
MT0ED0Z6LJJ4




IJA

*HB:`AG(Z5.HU@Y!!
M9N87'*+MZK3V_:^SFU8#??FXDLT_=]&U.Y[\3TN.\`WVIUVHDSJ!W0P6O8

X&*RRE[W
YP@7QVYL.OU2K
MQLA6QN:':A$?G4WN&!W

M3&;1T8GAAJ]-#J%`YFM2JA#0&8
EFNFH0W94AK2G'ZL@7G98IALC-RZZ/XF3





M



*;!8BCD++[^(4ED?$ENEUTP)?%

M(BS2.&CC`E$]F



@
W
B%B9`F7'P
=A1V#*9$3;6:7P_%
8UT=6M\/U<]:6$5'-[Y$T=
Z
M1

MNR#U:/@KHXG9&)A%AV)`%]B#8Y%+SH`*=_H




M*N3'`TZ



MEH33\`HT3HZ\'H8Z-T6&3=ZL@FNF6*Z^1T
1#2@UFWTN@H
#MP=VQ]M]P4*^




M.42
_/#M%0'BB&_ANN.*3XOIGGD0Q)$LNR:9UN6R#'UR#GC=[5H3
DB9W@

MWN]V7

M!UU?]:Q48^GEJ#LZ`T\$;
J[Z8$










TA@YU\\?



MSD:?
Q[9URMHOYDTBP]^4&\!K9S1:V1'IY8C0!VMTHI7
6CCH-)CG#$W%FDE

M/W



D




M[?FH

ZB9\Q%IOKZ/8S]=








M)*

#5T=0H.
MI.4[FGA-0(D(+72O:OB:!]`)7T6?^=?'#RG$&I@7UUP3B'DIH];8*7A*00.?
M)YY8T=:A8\]2T)#X9.C*8K=B

M`(?MJ
X


MUEZN_DBXV'H06(=L:`^KQHC/

+8W,*ZH0[U@LI+HXV@SK=_
M_N%;01SX!)YWP4FGP4]7+S($-6S@@`NZ[T<W.A90FFX6)\Q!+H;#AOM4L)H


-)&NM3#L8MN5<-MYTK
M(3[:T2



M\=Y:*



M$Z*RW
@5)
?F$;([AD6K#AHMC)*%1N21R:0=?:T9;M7`WXE`RWI1@L4!$2

MC8.Y^AH]L22(_?8UM:&I^A4Q:%R$$RK7(?00Q^743X!N:.G01=U!^_.9]^
MDN3(IX6?:7CHT8\MQ8&#P.U%7RPSOM+KWY$FZ-K#%9J19[8)(H@Q#-;HR&CR
MW[


X'(@MADT
M\._BQ



HN]C]LX]%F2PEXO.R[B
M
.1+J4\T


3Y5/_&6\1RR

'#8:5^75;;57G0

W7?/'K.3F5

M#Z')7KDH#







L%`

Q2`Z7#\8*M4H)HQ4;G2G=V%0S5Q=&:

U@1







AG+/ZP#Z4O2K5\IYTTD5#RYZ`-9[`E3J1^CBH

M@-F-FEUE%I9P&OII)''1RDS2,6;H)0\DB`B%FVVW.;I9SGA0OX.9K'KT


R$EM
M*7]WOKYE^X1Y@5B?W/%%3PZB40EP;#ZL+VEM


3^43`-N8&

B:.B-LIKGH:QQXEC6

MV6_';N
YT%G






/)Y4TI'UY0U7KANB$8D9G




II!;-7#-K1=

N03^?*]\.
MFZ]*F<%;7XT^OO5XVIW^2YQ\A!UC/F&?J^--5L2&F5R#9FO+75&22<U7'H6
M(\0J*XLB
GIGVW$I.5A`

]7OH\*%P4401-4:IB%/4F`=T7A7.4'NR\0&;



M


*('(
.01`P'\4?M^S



6O#H4LX5RXQ&/DW\W`#74DX;F=2I
N!JRPE\
-S
M\3E[S91G
5=$/X$+BY1!1AI(WI)NF7\?QWXG:UKH]!&UC+FX8D/N+H
MXG9S'












]OM:9#`


%7Z&QG^)XXP^_P








^
L!3


2S[TJ#?YUJ^&AH3-6-6@HEQ3T$]Y=


M]T#$




#\AX`^!R'G.(


MQ^G!ZZ/

M`V0


EL=%;3`0R<;](:91<7!A:(:FR)#


M8?.'=0%O)A


MBU[(0MSQ+2



M?3/T-I



L

MWT+)4AT5)5N5ZD7)7/?SH603\









?F&T&Z.\CE
9%.R:16P=:&=T@^C`QSG='6M&J$D?(K?.
F]M
M.;=CV:!

M!D=7Y?N.E-Y::#
72

A*[N:\#&'G?4*YE8=B2
;+(1\@

M4G)U:N$XOS8FW^I004


G:DG0VZ3DS/DS]A)N03'+5\3&;*?
M*@XBJI5QHVE]QF03P&KH=U?$-.N3X41$,N92;B>N=H@*B$GH#`
GA2=8
R;8((OE-(O^&[H
LKT(U+]ERV=N4ALYGWUV!=FI-
T#EA=$)TH=;#^5X;7(A?58AM
MTV&+7654CFG`6UE6D\?+
Q6DG6D)U[DB^U+K0BNJQP-D#IJO;PYI%N]8HGV]




MF/U2[@@BEM0RV$3!.O!HE(D)WC;'=B@
]UK9!7CU8-DF/3H=G$J3]M%*^T
M4B(!:/UUY'2=EFN^E@B^US\F@*8


OSZ0W!-EIVB.AXPU
MORF!/B6!9[RF[J&/@M&F:CD1N:V
G[\&Q)JK[5R



M\QZ-^#^Y%MWOPT!\(T.Z[NE1W
IQ0P&NZ.L#;#2_'J/;Z^_65_'U(0CAB?L3

MY4@011XS0TQ@!Z$(*W[\

M^/MSG3Q)]BA')NU:D
5)/O6#@O@DB4S?^4A8_3.Y%\Q%`]9K@/HI1%FYLD
MWJL'N79Q9'WG@E6Y?]N*[%A@7SIYZI?P5R\D=K$`W4^_A(88=#AE8O7H3*
MQC#




K@]I$+%4/05Q


+CK.`2

\



=C0YKB('&^[I89OS]`)YR


M0V[I4R=KM8KS^R9UB'6JX.HO9[P:MV2I*


3TIX7(/HT%D6(F?!3
M40@\!

9[D9XT[[



)]F\(/
M\*UL[1?D:45M.06^@R

WWXX(KT]XB8]PJK55


MBX?.T
]\9=Q8.X_2U5.:P



,'2]!.LC]'<987LA(BZY7@)@CS`$/@X)T'G&#G541-:A

/88VEJF*_LXB@[SX[5U&65%ME+M3%=]_E^.O+Y

EYMRV!JS=



0I*5P-;H+W.8^

M:U
%F.H0+J



LK8W`NRD/-R9CD3[
LA7FOO4



6C58^%=

Q@Y8
MZ-^$C




MG%+:Q^5.6I]3KS4AG]!Y(OCD:._)B]J4-[6SJ!9!4UUY=
CCZCDWL'WZK+RB

M\CDH%0:L
G:L5I#8L*T#$0Q*%(;-^

MYEE-[






MUH$XE`#P13-B=P*X1F61)P1HI_\
G$S]'DL5L@R[I\Q$?AP5Z2?\_@LFEH






99(D
.\!^X(OE/X%J)W=
@`JSS:
GW^?/U
M+`)/='%



R_/GY(@9AEHMN)EP4O\A9



$X=SH+L*`(UP/V$KB_Z:R





[Y0A
]```ZY0


C`Q-3`V


M]N==/W;CE[Z_,)URC&3(NUR%=+%/[YS(G_)OOSNQQ]^^O`#_^Y_0FCCEPT;
M)I&[WGA,*V]/8;43^%'@N7,^P&Z(Q_4\75$:1SH^M83G8'),0J:J%8U=AWB5
M.1;VTA#[TYC]E^,;C1:C#0U37


M5\9)Z*RR-5B]&NE):V2T[S^Q#P3ABXZM4L.:F8CBU(8A;!2:ULC(7?:3#ALD
M6DY$;6MDI;T




MUW%OT(&'







[`(EBIX`X://HT

1-S]FF+'GFD7MK]%TX+
M(WU;A=FM?M.4_H@ZWR^#I[=SZKYE_'_D?^&?'SSP[MM0O]_LA]]R7B8T*7+
M/^W'0[*F`LY94W'+(J/Y8=$.G580SFG($-OU24+G:#4[R!L6[S=I#GH;]AH

)\I94#7]X:



M2\


MGZ0G%;DAM_WQESV'H\4^=VS


M&Y)$DOIGM%/1V#KO4%!*S:T=::@U+()!(BH.-'C%()ZHP/[@N8E/Q*
\=2'N

M[?BE`C(0^7$@-0[IAKCS[O.&


ASQN'`)8^NY_)=

MCE_T;B&\!RB^C44O3CC?

9A#(


M#X6FL:B%

`G?8PNK
M<T$ZG7T#1TKYXA2G!@S.E&_Z&P?!#P<P7

220M

7'G?;]#-BZ;EW-
*X(I`%HH7HU%58SQ@FL$!X(37N#1I_
N

?5;#F#]F
M/Z3Q:#$CS\KHIEE'4&P;B]Z86V

[36O6?5'^G/I5170(GWB%RZXQD'-6L:QOMRQ',
C^<7`.EB6B6Q79*@'/9DRD**6UETU06Q'8+MJ0YUH
M'2L!*5+J.H

M36?LC_OND&U^1KW6:-R=M&=]UJ#5'MZREO?C2?=3=SCM_])M#493FQ78LJC3
M7A#])DA*8#

HSA[WVPKHF(`]+;=MD-


MJC#I-''I\^@A7XN7M\TRS1


MFD^

MRMB0FZ.Z\\9KCY=\L,#^\@.:7P8_W(\\VLE[LS0U$HY*7;)3S=\QWYPR2
M.`[=QR3.ZO1D671`![V.#U@OQ%?!A:]/L8C\28E0/;:XN4L_N\CLO,QXD=





PTZ]5@T1AI2RBL!Q+


W/UPT$7D=@ENAU71Y*7N%_K


M4U


Z=\'4S4%HI&8R&M:E?/)#)CKR.5
M?VW]EBY
OT_K=MNK]_ISW`4E]*_3:^L
M



@`)I`@=H$QHSFZ;S7=EA'5JR]FBJQ!G`I)8=


9



MZ;V#DZTFHL[WR^#IK9MRP8?9A^W?^0#[D!M@V4^_Y-B=.BLZ3SR5L61$2IJ3

DY125


M+%!082A,*)A0H**RGI@A8?6:7$S`HSF+VX`=]X;.+*G4F[;7_:&?'4



M+MBEI)'T)NIP=LHZ+2L2?\2.KDZ\I+%5.\JQ-'&CWPRM!T)M
X]$C4_)
N#*


'@


)&C'G*5N)'CV:\RQ$$DMLN(6N

M.X\&2E/MX



I'=I.

'ESF4:R7JS(1P7
:A7K1&

MVPMQ-5K!##I[!26D3U`B%E.6E'-2672I%(6\J!
&TWY5U9T.(V[W`!KC
1MG

M3:S]



MJ:1NZ+3I4^`O_\G^GWZ3*!4M;FJ[!EDE1:ND;DC1
_:Y54*8=_N2$%^I:'%3

HO$2ESFSG=E2PDQ.4A@SU[O.&^I'J/KJ@

M*?

MK)1$M@O@5IB/`$JP6;M?:T0IYV

M




W^4A7C2FX7;GJ]5


76B`M)VBM
M27X-X'GS



%3=A*J



(QP=R[/DCEQ\ULY]4!5Z2X?*
MI;/B[M6%A2*2!R+&6@^_%-N;BC+FKG(2+OFXO])[\B@NO/(O@N.:O:U7W9


VWK16]*YZQAELG/

M=O
$MA/93QN\9=$;TOG6.V[/GXCOT#%Y24-:9$YGP3WY=Q!VDB@.UM(;AG!R








]6::NL
M@&N`+D]`..!D`S0G?YW$C;@?$?VX-RVV7&K]+\

ME*H3:SDG#IJM*G?


M8YK:L]AS?3=:T?E=$

OS5[B

I*?$2S8#ME[B93


MM%X;\6;!A&[XS46F@*WGDQY4S
BS?'=TJ?M)0HP&FJ0LIXEW!-B`]8Q6Q0
MOESW-SVH@.U3(V\3:F9?6NT^)6Y(M(Y+M_VA$E2$6!A.LS:+!'F9%PUJ3!




M8KH5T0!JHZE*]KG;8:-%;N


-G-.H]17H.#^#SY*&$C\1GL09'V*1TO&:;PK5:T-;

MPKM=_Z0J;-(Y)JUAD]I?%E6
QSS&J-B4R@F@X#3WK@MTA=0)W=B
?OCP


M.6[JQBBW+GH7/-'05SZNE-VCE+2VEFU74I

12TY


C$N*Q$&H%3ASNB:#V/[


!=#
M)@92(PEH*1@%A+A@U#@`-A_6!71APB()D2F8O7FY)_\.PHY'HD@=03/JY/6C
M7)89QR

]OQ


MS):GL_[L8=8?#9%9\2U]C$W




M-PF3FDW!XR1T5B2BL%C*.V4LY4WKYJ$_N.T/[UKCATGG4WO:O891KF&4:QCE
M&D:YAE&N810DZK^&4;Z=*X4[[R:]:#%:C!8+]F?;G__*1%D%241[Q-GFZ(L4
M&QW\(U`/Z$
JQA(UBDY[S6].C(G+ZR55P









M4@NV@DLRN?43N)[2HL'G9[


MQV'PY$;9\RM]G_V8SL@S5;[
\../Q=5R/!G]TI_R.F:]T:35'W9&]]W6K/T_
M71Q/-.SE






VX2GA

M&R))9T7\)6MPTFV`VC]DVVUK9M14T'5#=4:[).0UM2
^:.?M.*V^

=^4



/V5@[1Y?$^6;NFHYIZ`;S69`::2\S







Q@

1K3C(
MA)&1
NS,H%CM)YY=CC[*,<:E&]29DB0O_GO7\?W^72-XS##
MB/$A65-=T*ERA]_*V%/$MRKK[L3HERQ&$_C+54+8=/R2$%\:M$]C%<*FMG?G
M)P[NHV

L?)-RQ


M:4HP:ML.0[/XEO6$&%E#*.VOUXUA=_).`LV[(OJ56'







TJ8RY;??FWT-0)K-M;-]W%11LR5)D:X#8QKR'YE*JU
M366]B(XNS*.;600Z:
@.A@D?$J/%;I3(CET%[6R[/W`U2P3`%7#?/SRQ?9Y'

:U21%$FP7L%Q::+1CV(Q-1)0JP]N

!3;&:KX

/

M+GUWX3K$C]-I6K

$$BO;6;KP8HZ01!)71K#?$#?DTSNM_/K$QE4[IN.1$5B['%/9



)E40$V!24@H
!V@7^?R&#H3K2QL6SL`N]*6-

M!#CNGY68TTYS

C`Q-3`V

[T/[#^TNM




MVH%WCC8;?$8B$9`A3UB9N6:Q4+``LLV:]D+LJIX

M_1I1Z@8H@%&0I+T[9;0E0L)?WC/.LX[S[6Q`3)([(_[I2IH@%&,)ZX9,GYE
M:DUI0(*=M5Y3M3




)H';S1U?L
`5J;+


M?M7Y1UHMOQ\VJKT@\@FVBLS31K\Z)*G;H1&4&GJ];.$6!J3?1:%%K-++

VORFJ6;Y;3Q'K_
MI!K@9

M-W
17:`=`ET:[C604)
@6Z5^0()P'^!N)A-#\*8





.6S$%
MXG8MG\<EB_7).:S)Q@%FN3V]./+BEAP\^_A*3-/'O8JY5+&&



<SYMM





M


$W5Z)9;G1NHQ%!P_G8]%
-H:'/EJ!JE[L6$L+WFW/-65Y(&


NL-`&DXL!DQIU7[;!Y+(!$R[&
MT`:3RP&3&G6_:H/)JP9




MH)+H

M(%'N43/18W7Q


M
J)5-)[H@S3K(7YE#]CPL


M34D)D+07D/\J=95\%51]%2^YKJ31W.





@0![]AWDFPBUF.



M/066.YAB

H9G0;
PH_
;#'&#7+@K6G[X5@*O6W
M./(6P&\PV9=BV.GD:I'?1#6;FK!4I?T)G#O,'EDS!5%:B;KD4SST'G`8^G
MXR%;YZLR#NQ0!`S3-?:.83FF4;7





M4O1^)R=.6^(^#9]VF)V.`JZ+YN5#O*$'T6.[
F!`1]74?2P^31&-=6;4X5

-O5V*TS.NL0W/3KI&UXSV

M!L$:*^XLL(IM3N'S+I03BPJDH2\1G]Y1Y




XBP+N?'$[H*M0DFOM%8J44





34P-C


$`!4`&```
M`````0```*2!X=

C`Q-3`V
S!?;&%B+GAM;%54!0`#CF@=5G5X

34P-C
P7W!R92YX;6Q55`4``XYH'59U

A`00E#@``!#D!``!02P4&``````8`!@`:`@``NGX!````
`
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE
K - LOAN PAYABLE - BUILDING PURCHASE

On
March 2
 2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with Meihekou Hang Yilk Tax Warehousing Logistics
 an auctioneer
 to purchase
office and warehouse facilities. The purchase price was $1
472
128 (RMB 9
000
000). On June 24
 2011
 the Company made payment
of $81
785 (RMB 500
000) leaving a balance of $1
390
343 (RMB 8
500
000). On September 10
 2011
 the Company paid 8
000
000 RMB
through the proceeds of a loan with Merkekou City Rural Credit Union. The loan was due on August 12
 2012. The interest rate is
a floating rate adjusted upwards by 190%. At June 30
 2015
 the Central Bank Rate was 4.85%. Applying the adjustment factor yields
a rate of 18.43%. The loan is secured by the building. The remaining 500
000 RMB was paid as follows: (a) 100
000 RMB in December
2010 and (b) 400
000 RMB in June 2011. On August 30
 2012
 the loan was renegotiated extending the maturity date to August 29
2014 and required principal payments of 1
000
000 RMB (USD 163
570) in September 2012; 1
000
000 RMB (USD 163
570) on August 29
2013; 1
000
000 RMB (USD 163
570) on December 20
 2013 and 5
000
000 RMB (USD 817
848) on August 29
 2014. None of these payments
were made by the Company and the note is thus in default.







The entire disclosure for debt and capital lease obligations can be reported. Information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jun. 30
 2015
Oct. 13
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014

















































  2015



































































846
047



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



397
297























































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE
L - LOAN PAYABLE - EQUIPMENT PURCHASE

On
October 29
 2013
 the Company borrowed $5
966
052 (RMB 36
474
054) in order to fund the acquisition of machinery and equipment
by the Company. The loan term was to February 28
 2014
 and the Company was to pay $211
606 (RMB 1
300
000) in interest over the
life of the loan. The loan is secured by the assets of Jilin Huaxia. On June 30
 2014
 the loan term was extended to December
31
 2015 in order to allow for the Company to receive the proceeds from the deposit made to purchase equipment. The loan has not
been repaid and is in default. See Note D for corresponding deposit for equipment purchase.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











607


610
024












679


089
423



Selling
 general and administrative expenses

278
771


839
780





903


537
697





664


909







905





067
017


569
714












110
084


232





110
084


232





904
494)


761
922)












904
494)


761
922)












789)


796





210
283)


550
126)












397
297


397
297





























































































The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.

























































The amount by which the fair value of an investment is less than the amortized cost basis or carrying amount of that investment at the balance sheet date and the decline in fair value is deemed to be other than temporary
 before considering whether or not such amount is recognized in earnings or other comprehensive income.




























This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses from ongoing operations
 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.

























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)




















































































The aggregate amount of other expense amounts
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating expense recognized during the period. Such amounts may include: (a) unusual costs
 (b) loss on foreign exchange transactions
 (c) losses on securities (net of profits)
 and (d) miscellaneous other expense items.
























































Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE
F - INVESTMENTS

In
December 2010
 the Company invested $25
027 (RMB 153
000) in Changchun Zhongshen Beverage Co. Ltd. (&#147;Zhongshen&#148;).
This investment represented a 17% interest in Zhonghsen. Zhongshen is a retailer of ginseng juice and wine. The Company accounts
for this investment utilizing the cost method. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Company determined this investment was
impaired as Zhonghsen ceased operations. As such
 the Company recorded an impairment loss of $24
905 for the year ended June 30
2014.







The entire disclosure for investments
 including all tables.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE
E -INVENTORY

Inventory
is comprised of the following at:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
126
006
    
    
146
300
    

    
    
    
67
787
    
    
2
911
    

    
    
    
87
789
    
    
79
830
    

    
    
    
4
399
    
    
4
371
    

    
    
    
285
981
    
    
233
412
    


At
June 30
 2015 and 2014 there were no shipments of Ginseng at customer locations awaiting inspection and approval that would be
subject to invoicing.



































The entire disclosure for inventory. This may include
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE
Q - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

The
Company has employment agreements with various individuals in China. The following summarizes the contractual commitments under
these agreements:



    
    
    
    
    

June 30

    
    
    

    
    
    
43
555
    

    
    
    
20
529
    

    
    
    
63
884
    


On August 18
 2015
 Mr. Liu
tendered his resignation as Chairman
 Director and Chief Executive Officer. As a result of his resignation
 the Company&#146;s
contractual commitment was reduced to $27
714 and $12
709 for the years ended June 30
 2016 and 2017
 respectively
 or $40
423
in total.

&#160;The
Company has one year leases for its corporate offices in China aggregating 220
190 RMB per year (USD $36
016) expiring between
December 31
 2015 and May 21
 2016. The commitments for these leases at June 30
 2015 was 123
280 RMB (USD $20
165).

The
Chinese government owns all the land in China. Currently
 the Company has grants from the Chinese government for approximately
1
500 hectares of land (3
705 acres) to grow Ginseng. These grants are for 20 years. There is no assurance that the Chinese government
will continue to renew these grants in the future. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forestry Bureau governing one of the
farms approximating 700 hectares (1
730 acres) of land leased by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer
recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.

The
Company had a 15 year lease with the Representative of Group One Farmer
 Si&#146;An City
 Qingshi
 Qingshi Town
 Qingshi Village
China to lease 750 acres to grow and harvest grapes. The lease expired December 31
 2014. The annual lease fee is 187
500 RMB
or approximately $30
500 per year to lease the acreage. The land and buildings on the premises have a separate lease concurrent
with the property lease. The Company did not renew the lease.

The
Company has a 5 year lease to refrigerate and store fresh Ginseng
 which is valid until terminated by the parties. The annual
lease fee approximates $15
500 per year.

Rent
expense was $20
959 and $32
584 for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE
M - LOAN PAYABLE - OTHER

The
Company has loans with various individuals and finance companies totaling $3
997
629 at June 30
 2015 and $3
151
033 at June 30
2014. These loans have various maturity dates ranging from on demand to June 30
 2015. The loans bear interest at 3% per month.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE
I - INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Intangible
assets consist of the patent rights for Ginseng drinks. The cost and related amortization are as follows:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
378
    
    
18
261
    

    
    
    
(18
378
    
    
(15
286
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
2
975
    


Amortization
expense was $2
982 and $1
829 for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for the aggregate amount of goodwill and a description of intangible assets
 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























668




















  2013




















  2027
































































Expiration date of each operating loss carryforward included in operating loss carryforward
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE
G - GINSENG CROPS

The
Company&#146;s business
 prior to June 30
 2009
 was primarily to harvest and sell fresh and dried Ginseng. The growth period
takes approximately 5 to 6 years before harvest can commence and up to 8 years for improved harvest and seedling yields. The Company
is changing its business model to utilize the harvested Ginseng to manufacture Ginseng juice and other Ginseng beverages. It commenced
the juice operation in August 2011. The Company plants selected areas each year and tracks the costs expended each year by planting
area. The Chinese government owns all the land in China.

Currently
the Company has land grants from the Chinese government for approximately 1
500 hectares of land (approximately 3
705 acres) to
grow Ginseng which were awarded in April and May 2005. These grants are for 20 years and the management of the Company believes
that the grants will be renewed as the grants expire in different areas. However
 there are no assurances that the Chinese government
will continue to renew these grants in the future. The planting of new Ginseng is dependent upon the Company&#146;s cash flow
and its ability to raise working capital. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forestry Bureau governing one of the farms
approximating 700 hectares (1
730 acres) of land leased by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer recognized.
As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.

The
Company has planted approximately 287
984 square meters of land. The Company plans to plant
 over the next 5 years
 100
000 square
meters
 representing approximately 20
000 square meters per year. The Company plans on harvesting the existing 2
664 square meters
of ginseng in 2017.



An
analysis of ginseng crop costs is as follows for each of the applicable periods.:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June
    30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Beginning Crop
    Costs
    
    
6
721
    
    
681
967
    

Currency Conversion
    Adjustment to Beginning Balance
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Capitalized
    Costs During Year:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
21
162
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Field clearing
    and cultivation
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Farmer lease
    fee net of management fee
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
3
399
    

Total Capitalized
    Costs
    
    
    
    
    
25
557
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Impairment of
    ginseng crops
    
    
(6
721
    
    
    
    

Cost of crops
    harvested
    
    
    
    
    
(700
803
    

    
    
    
(6
721
    
    
(700
803
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Ending Crop
    Costs
    
    
    
    
    
6
721
    

Less: Current
    portion
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Non-Current
    Portion of Crop Costs
    
    
    
    
    
6
721
    


The
cost of harvest is calculated by reference to the planting area and the detailed costs maintained for each planting area. Based
upon the square meters planted by area
 a square meter cost is calculated and applied to the square meters harvested
 rendering
a cost of harvest.

For
each financial reporting period
 the Ginseng crop harvested is valued at net realizable value. If the net realizable value is
lower than carrying value
 an impairment charge is made for the difference.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE
H - AGREEMENTS WITH FARMERS

The
Company has executed agreements with a number of local farmers to grow
 cultivate and harvest Ginseng utilizing the Company&#146;s
land grants. The farming contracts commenced in January 2008 and ended in 2013. In connection with these agreements
 the Company
(1) leases sections of the Ginseng land grants to the farmers at approximately $1.50 (10 RMB) per square meter per year
 (2) provides
the seeds and fertilizer to the farmers and clears the land of large debris. These costs are capitalized by the Company and included
in the Ginseng Crop inventory
 (3) pays the farmers a management fee of approximately $0.50 (4.00 RMB) per square meter per year
and (4) the farmers are required to produce 2kg of Ginseng for each square meter that they manage. The Company pays the farmers
market price for their Ginseng. If the harvest is below 2kg per square meter
 the difference will be deducted from the total payment
for Ginseng purchased. If the harvest produces more that 2kg per square meter
 the Company pays approximately $3.00 for every
extra kilo. The Company records these agreements on a net basis by individual farmers. The Company has also recorded a payable
to the farmers for the net management fee due to the farmers. The liability at June 30
 2015 and 2014 was $879
567 and $873
964
respectively. The receivable and liability balances for the respective areas will be settled at harvest time when the Company
purchases the harvest at the current market value for Ginseng.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE
J - LOAN PAYABLE TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTION

In
2002
 the Company&#146;s subsidiary
 Tonghua Linyuan
 borrowed 2
000
000 RMB from Ji&#146;an Qingshi Credit Corporation at an
interest rate of 6.325% per annum with a maturity date of April 4
 2003. The loan is currently in default. In March 2008
 the
lender verbally agreed that no principal or interest need be paid until the company is generating profits. Interest has been paid
on the loan through June 30
 2009 and has been accrued in subsequent periods. The loan is secured by the company&#146;s inventory
and equipment. The loan balance at
 June 30
 2015 and 2014 is $327
139 and $325
055
 respectively. The loan balance is included
in Liabilities of Discontinued Operations on the accompanying Balance Sheet.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014
















Concentration risk
 percentage



























Concentration risk
 percentage



























Concentration risk
 percentage




































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




























Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























































165















959


584













































730




























280













































500






























  2014






























500













































500






























500




500











705




705









































  2016






























016


































190




















423
































709


714







































































Refers the amount of reduction in contractual obligation
 including but not limited to
 long-term debt
 capital lease obligations
 operating lease obligations
 purchase obligations
 and other commitments.



















































































































Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all debt
 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)



























Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







The following summarizes the contractual commitments
under these agreements:&#160;


    
    
    
    
    

June 30

    
    
    

    
    
    
43
555
    

    
    
    
20
529
    

    
    
    
63
884
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Oct. 29
 2013




















Jun. 30
 2002










































472
128





















785

























390
343











  2012


  2014










  2003
































































































570















Office and warehouse loan to be repay on August 29
 2013 | $









570















Office and warehouse loan to be repay on December 20
 2013 | $









570















Office and warehouse loan to be repay on August 29
 2014 | $









848






























































000
000





000
000
















000

























500
000



















000



















000


000





























000
000













Office and warehouse loan to be repay on August 29
 2013











000
000













Office and warehouse loan to be repay on December 20
 2013











000
000













Office and warehouse loan to be repay on August 29
 2014











000
000
















































































































































































































































































































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























The portion of the carrying amount of short-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date
 which accrues interest at a rate subject to change from time to time.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE
O - PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES


income taxes are determined using the liability method for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and
income tax basis of the Company&#146;s assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are measured based on the tax rates expected
to be in effect when the temporary differences are included in the Company&#146;s tax return. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June 30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
1
231
    

    
    
    
3
371
958
    
    
2
567
252
    

    
    
    
(3
371
958
    
    
(2
567
252
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
1
231
    




deferred tax asset is the result of an inventory provision and related reserve. Under Chinese tax laws
 the Company are not entitled
to a deduction for the provision until the inventory is completely discarded. Accordingly
 the liability has been recorded offset
by a deferred tax asset representing a timing difference.


Company has a net operating loss carry forward as follows:&#160;



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June 30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
290
901
    
    
7
361
710
    

    
    
    
4
196
931
    
    
2
907
296
    

    
    
    
13
487
832
    
    
10
269
006
    



operating losses are available to offset future taxable income. The China net operating loss carryforwards can only be carried
forward for five years. The Company does not file a consolidated tax return in China.
Therefore
 the profitability of the individual Chinese companies will determine the utilization of the carryforward losses. During
the year ended June 30
 2015
 net operating losses of $658
668 relating to the Company&#146;s Chinese operations expired. The
U.S. carryforward losses are available to offset future taxable income for the succeeding 20 years and commence expiring in the
year 2027.



components of income before taxes are as follows:&#160;



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
614
859
    
    
(3
630
972
    

    
    
    
(1
289
635
    
    
(1
130
950
    

    
    
    
(3
904
494
    
    
(4
761
922
    




provision for income taxes consists of the following:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



reconciliation of the Company&#146;s effective tax rate as a percentage of income before taxes and Federal statutory rate for
the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014 respectively
 is as follows:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
June 30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015










 2015
 the Company closed a private
placement to sell a Series A Convertible Debenture for a price of $1
600
000. The Series A Convertible Debenture is convertible
into 4
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at a price of $0.40 per share. The Series A Convertible Debenture carries
no interest and matures in 36 months. The Series A Convertible Debenture also has a prepayment clause pursuant to which the Company
may repurchase all or a portion of the outstanding Convertible Debenture in cash for 100% of the face value on ten business days&#146;
notice at any time after the twelve month anniversary of the closing; provided that the Investor shall have the right to convert
the Convertible Debenture within five business days after written notice of such prepayment.


 2015
 Mr. Changzhen Liu tendered
his resignation as the Company&#146;s Chairman
 Director and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Liu&#146;s resignation did not result
from any disagreement regarding any matter related to the Company&#146;s operations
 policies or practices.


 2015
 the Company&#146;s Board
of Directors accepted Mr. Liu&#146;s resignation and simultaneously appointed Mr. Guoqin Yin as its Chairman
 Director and Chief
Executive Officer. The Company is currently negotiating the terms of Mr. Yin&#146;s employment agreement



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











982


829







The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








682


077













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014











904
494)


761
922)












664


644














762





903


537
697





147


548












494)


426)





072)


249





669


801





273


914)





764


246





239


619





873


624





936)


483)





686)


007)





768
989


447





152
891)


275
429)














929
461)





134)







134)


929
461)












241
362


859
661





299)







872


511





413
843


001
172





584)


046





766)


328





782


454





016


782














635

































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























Depreciation and amortization of property
 plant and equipment directly related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period.


















































































































The net realized gain (loss) on investments sold during the period
 not including gains (losses) on securities separately or otherwise categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity
 which
 for cash flow reporting
 is a component of proceeds from investing activities.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period of all taxes owed but not paid
 including income
 property and other taxes.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other amounts due to the reporting entity
 which are not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.


















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015

Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]





NOTE
D -DEPOSIT FOR EQUIPMENT PURCHASE

In
November of 2013
 the Company made a deposit of $5
967
480 (RMB 36
474
054) with a supplier for the purchase of equipment for
the Companies ginseng farms. Prior to delivery of the equipment
 the Company determined that this equipment was not best suited
for its&#146; farms and cancelled the purchase. The deposit remains on hand with the supplier. The Company and supplier are negotiating
for the delivery of different equipment or the return of the deposit.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014










































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







Use of
Estimates 

The preparation
of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.




Foreign
Currency Translation 

The Company
considers the Chinese Renminbi to be its functional currency. Assets and liabilities were translated into US dollars at period-end
exchange rates. Statement of operations amounts were translated using the average rate during the period. Gains and losses resulting
from translating foreign currency financial statements are included in accumulated other comprehensive income
 a separate component
of stockholders&#146; deficit.




Cash
Equivalents 

For purposes
of reporting cash flows
 cash equivalents include investment instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or
less. There were no cash equivalents at June 30
 2015 and 2014.




Inventory


Inventory
consists of fresh and dried Ginseng
 ginseng drinks and supplies and is stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is determined
using the First-In
 First-Out (FIFO) Method.




Advertising


The Company
expenses advertising costs as incurred.




Ginseng
Crops 

The Company
uses the full absorption costing method to value its Ginseng crops. Included in crop costs are seeds
 labor
 applicable overhead
including depreciation
 and supplies. Common costs are allocated in each period based upon the total number of hectares under
cultivation during the period.

The carrying
value of the Ginseng crops is reviewed on a regular basis for any impairment in value using management&#146;s best estimate as
to expected future market values
 yields and costs to harvest. Costs accumulated on the acres expected to be harvested during
the next fiscal year have been classified as a current asset.




Revenue
Recognition 

The Company
recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 605
 Revenue Recognition. Revenue is
recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the fee is fixed or determinable and collectibility
is reasonably assured.

The Company
processes Ginseng and stores the stock for its Ginseng juice production. Any grown Ginseng not suitable for the beverage production
is sold. The Company  also purchases Ginseng for its resale business. Ginseng is planted in the Spring (March) and Fall (September)
of each year and is generally harvested in September. It usually takes 6 years for a Ginseng root to mature
 although
 senior
maturity can be 8 years.

Harvested
Ginseng can be sold in two ways: (1) fresh Ginseng which can be sold immediately and stored in refrigerators for up to 3 years
and (2) dried Ginseng which is processed and dried via sunlight and steam machines. Drying is a two month process. Dried Ginseng
can be stored up to 5 years. The Company has also been storing fresh Ginseng for future juice manufacturing.

When the
Company sells Ginseng
 it receives orders prior to harvest. For large orders
 approximately 20% to 30% is paid upon delivery as
payment in advance. The balance is billed after the customer incurs a lengthy inspection process which can take up to 60 days.
Until the customer finalizes its inspection and deems the shipment acceptable
 the shipment is still the property of the Company.
Upon customer completion of inspection and approval
 the sale is then recognized and the balance of the invoice price is wired
to the Company. For smaller orders
 customers pick up the Ginseng from the Company
 pay in cash at time of pick up and receive
an invoice with appropriate sales tax applied and a cash acknowledgement. On these orders
 revenue is recognized upon shipment/payment.
During the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 no orders were subject to the inspection process.

The Company
has entered into several distribution agreements to sell Ginseng juice and wine. In accordance with these agreements
 the distributors
will advance funds to the Company for orders to be placed. Upon the placement of orders by the distributor
 the Company will ship
the product to the distributor and title will pass to the distributor. In relation to distribution agreements for Ginseng beverages
it is the Company&#146;s policy
 commencing with the initiation of the distribution agreements
 to allow the distributors to return
all unsold products at the end of six months from the shipment date should the product not be sold and the product has not exceeded
the expiration date. The Company is establishing history as to the quantity of the Ginseng which has been returned in order to
determine if a reserve for returns and allowances is necessary. To date
 returns have been minimal.

For each
reporting period
 the Company ascertains from each distributor its&#146; current on hand quantity and assesses the situation in
order to establish a return allowance
 if necessary. At June 30
 2015
 no inventory was held on consignment. At June 30
 2015
and 2014
 no amounts were sold on consignment.

The Company
also sells health and specialized local products. Revenue is recognized upon shipment of these products.




Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

The allowance
for doubtful accounts represents management&#146;s estimate of the amount of probable credit losses
 determined by reviewing
past due balances and other information. Account balances are written off against the allowance if management determines the receivable
is uncollectible. The Company&#146;s standard terms stipulate payment in 60 days.




Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment is recorded at cost and is depreciated using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective
assets
 as follows:&#160;


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


Routine
maintenance
 repairs and replacement costs are expensed as incurred and improvements that extend the useful life of the assets
are capitalized. When equipment is sold or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated
from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in operations.





Net Loss
Per Common Share 


The Company
 (EPS) which requires presentation of basic
and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is computed by dividing the income (loss) available to Common Stockholders by the weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is based on the weighted-average number of shares of Common Stock
and Common Stock equivalents outstanding during the periods.




Comprehensive
Income 

The Company
follows ASC 220-10

net income from operations. Comprehensive income is a more inclusive financial reporting methodology that includes disclosure
of information that historically has not been recognized in the calculation of net income.




Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The carrying
amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate
fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments.




Income
Taxes 

The Company
accounts for income taxes utilizing the liability method of accounting. Under the liability method
 deferred taxes are determined
based on differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted tax rates in effect in years
in which differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets
to amounts that are expected to be ultimately realized.




Uncertainty
in Income Taxes 

The Company
 (&#147;ASC 740-10&#148;). This interpretation requires
recognition and measurement of uncertain income tax positions using a &#147;more-likely-than-not&#148; approach. Management
evaluates their tax positions on an annual basis
 and has determined that as of June 30
 2015 and 2014
 no additional accrual
for income taxes other than the foreign
 federal and state provisions and related interest and estimated penalty accruals are
considered necessary.




Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets
 primarily property and equipment
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include
a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset
 a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset
is used
 or a significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets is not recoverable.
For long-lived assets to be held and used
 the Company recognizes an impairment loss only if its carrying amount is not recoverable
through its undiscounted cash flows and measures the impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and estimated
fair value.




Fair
Value Measurements

ASC 820
 defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting
principles
 and expands disclosure about fair value measurements.






Certain
reclassifications have been made to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended June 30
 2014 to make them comparable
to the presentation for the year ended June 30
 2015.




Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2014
the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
).&#148; The new guidance provides
new criteria for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration
to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance requires expanded disclosures
to provide greater insight into both revenue that has been recognized and revenue that is expected to be recognized in the future
from existing contracts. Quantitative and qualitative information will be provided about the significant judgments and changes
in those judgments that management made to determine the revenue that is recorded. The standard will be effective for the first
interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company
is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its
consolidated financial statements.

In August
2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
&#148;
The new guidance addresses management&#146;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#146;s
ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Management&#146;s evaluation should be based
on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued.
The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016.
Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and has not determined the impact
of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for tax positions taken in the Company's tax return filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities (i.e.
 uncertain tax positions) and other types of contingencies related to income taxes.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii



























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
 -Paragraph 3
 4



































































  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      




 the unit ordering CNY was detected in the presentation group. However
 the ordering is incomplete since it does not order these units as well: USD. Therefore
 this partial ordering will be ignored and the default unit ordering will be used


 the unit ordering CNY was detected in the presentation group. However
 the ordering is incomplete since it does not order these units as well: Pure
 USD. Therefore
 this partial ordering will be ignored and the default unit ordering will be used


 the unit ordering CNY was detected in the presentation group. However
 the ordering is incomplete since it does not order these units as well: Pure
 USD. Therefore
 this partial ordering will be ignored and the default unit ordering will be used


 the unit ordering CNY was detected in the presentation group. However
 the ordering is incomplete since it does not order these units as well: Pure
 USD. Therefore
 this partial ordering will be ignored and the default unit ordering will be used


 the unit ordering CNY was detected in the presentation group. However
 the ordering is incomplete since it does not order these units as well: USD. Therefore
 this partial ordering will be ignored and the default unit ordering will be used


 the unit ordering CNY was detected in the presentation group. However
 the ordering is incomplete since it does not order these units as well: ha
 acre
 USD. Therefore
 this partial ordering will be ignored and the default unit ordering will be used


 column(s) 3 are contained in other reports


 column(s) 1 are contained in other reports



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015





































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2015







NOTE
N - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The
Company had been financing its operations from loans from individuals
 principally residents of China
 who are deemed to be related
parties because of their ownership interest in the Company (shareholders). The individuals have loaned the Company funds which
are interest free
 have no specific repayment date
 and are unsecured. The funds received are evidenced by receipt of cash acknowledgments.
At June 30
 2015 and June 30
 2014 funds borrowed to fund the current operations of the Company were $1
593
996 and $1
389
124
respectively. In accordance with FASB ASC 835-30
 the Company has imputed an interest charge of $132
147 and $108
548 which has
been recorded in the financial statements for the years ended June 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

At
June 30
 2015 and 2014
 the Company had receivables from related parties aggregating $7
703 and $11
900
 respectively.



































































