

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-14-007307
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20140630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20141015
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20141015
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			China Ginseng Holdings Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001338460
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54072
		FILM NUMBER:		141158166
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1562 JIE FANG GREAT RD 16FL ZHONGJI BLDG
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1062-1063       NANGUAN DISTRICT
		CITY:			CHANGCHUN CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			130022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		0118643185790039
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1562 JIE FANG GREAT RD 16FL ZHONGJI BLDG
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1062-1063       NANGUAN DISTRICT
		CITY:			CHANGCHUN CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			130022









     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
D.C.&nbsp;&nbsp;20549

FORM
10-K

&#9746;&nbsp;
ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30
 2014

&#9744;&nbsp;
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OF 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _____ TO _____

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER:

CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
                                         or other jurisdiction
                                                           
    
(I.R.S.
                                         Employer Identification
or
        Organization No.)


64
Jie Fang Da Road
 Ji Yu Building A
 Suite 1208
Changchun
City
 China
 130022

(Address
and telephone number of principal executive offices
and
principal place of business)

Securities
registered under Section 12 (b) of the Exchange Act: NONE

Securities
registered under Section 12 (g) of the Exchange Act:

COMMON
STOCK WITH $.001 PAR VALUE
(Title
of Class)

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the securities Act.&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&#9744;
&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark if Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Act.&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&#9744;
&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9744;

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required submit and post such files).&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9744;

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of Registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp; &#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company.&nbsp;&nbsp;See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; and
&ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer
    
Accelerated
    Filer
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
Smaller reporting
    company
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;
No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of December 31
 2013&nbsp;(the
last business day of the Registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately $3.985 million

As
of October 13
 2014
 the Registrant&nbsp;has 44
397
297&nbsp;shares of common stock outstanding.


1

31
 2013
 as well as 39
846
047 shares held by non-affiliates as of December 31
 2013.







    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC
FORM
10-K INDEX




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
&nbsp;&nbsp;Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statements Schedules and Reports
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    


PART
I

ITEM
1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

China
Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
 together with its subsidiaries
 herein referred to as &ldquo;we&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo;
and &ldquo;our&rdquo;) was incorporated on June 24
 2004 in the State of Nevada.&nbsp;Since our inception in 2004
 we have been
engaged in the business of farming
 processing
 distribution and marketing of fresh ginseng. Starting August 2010
 we have gradually
shifted our business focus from farming and selling ginseng to producing and selling ginseng juice and wine with our crops as
raw materials
 although we still maintain our farming and selling ginseng business. Through leases
 we control 3
705 acres of

 2014
 the Forest Bureau governing
one of the farms approximating 700 hectors (1
730 acres) of land notified the Company that this lease is no longer recognized.
As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of this farm.

OUR ORGANIZATIONAL
STRUCTURE

Below is
a chart of our current organizational structure:



Note:
All the wholly foreign owned enterprises have duly obtained the approval from the relevant government. Pursuant to PRC laws
 a
wholly foreign owned enterprise needs to apply for and obtain an approval certificate from the competent approval government authorities
(the Ministry of Commerce of PRC or its local branch) and then a business license from the competent registration authorities
(the Administration for industry and commerce of the PRC or its local branches) before it legally starts its business operation.
Each foreign owned enterprises has not only obtained the approval certificate from the competent local approval government authorities
but also the business license for the competent local registration authorities.



    
    


On
August 8
 2006
 six PRC regulatory agencies
 including the Ministry of Commerce of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 the China
Securities Regulatory Commission
 the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council
 the State
Administration of Taxation
 the State Administration for Industry and Commerce
 and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange
jointly amended and released the Merger &amp; Acquisition Rules
 which became effective on September 8
 2006 (the &ldquo;2006
M&amp;A rules&rdquo;). This regulation
 among other things
 includes provisions that purport to require that an offshore special
purpose vehicle formed for purposes of overseas listing of equity interest in PRC companies and controlled directly or indirectly
by PRC companies or individuals obtain the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission prior to the listing and trading
of such special purpose vehicle&rsquo;s securities on an overseas stock exchange. However
 the 2006 M&amp;A rules do not apply
to any foreign owned enterprise.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our PRC wholly owned subsidiaries
 Jilin Ganzhi
 Yanbian Huaxing and Jilin Huamei
became wholly foreign owned enterprises before September 8
&nbsp;2006.&nbsp;&nbsp;Therefore
 the 2006 M&amp;A rules are not applicable
to Jilin Ganzhi
 Yanbian Huaxing or Jilin Huamei.&nbsp;&nbsp;Tonghua Linyuan became a wholly foreign owned enterprise after September
8
&nbsp;2006.&nbsp;&nbsp;According to the 2006 M&amp;A rules
 where a special purpose company is to be listed overseas for transaction
it shall be subject to the approval of the securities regulatory organization under the State Council of the PRC.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Under
the said rules
 the &ldquo;special purpose company&rdquo; refers to an overseas company directly or indirectly controlled by a
domestic company or Chinese person to realize the interests of a domestic company actually owned by the aforesaid domestic company
or Chinese person by means of overseas listing.&nbsp;&nbsp;The current shareholders of Tonghua Linyuan are not the original shareholders
of Tonghua Linyuan before Tonghua Linyuan became a wholly foreign owned enterprise on January 15
&nbsp;2008.&nbsp;&nbsp;Thus the Company
is not of the opinion that China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. is a &ldquo;special purpose company&rdquo; as defined in the 2006 M&amp;A
rules.&nbsp;As a result
 we believe that our structure is not subject to the 2006 M&amp;A rules.

Yanbian
Huaxing Ginseng Industry Co. Limited (&ldquo;Yanbian Huaxing&rdquo;)



    
    
The registered
    capital of Yanbian Huaxing is $614
000. Yanbian Huaxing is operated to plant ginseng and our revenue in the past was mainly
    from the sales of ginseng produced and sold by Yanbian Huaxing. With the shift of our business focus to canned ginseng juice
    we have started to reserve the high quality grown ginseng for ginseng beverage production and sold only those not qualified
    to make ginseng juice. However
 in recent years
 we are only able to reserve small portion of our grown ginseng due to various
    reasons such as extensive rain and typhoon. For instance
 we reserved 10%
 20%
 0% and 0% &nbsp;of our grown ginseng for ginseng
    beverage production in fiscal year 2011
 2012
 2013 and 2014
 respectively. 


Jilin
Ganzhi Ginseng Products Co. Ltd. (&ldquo;Jilin Ganzhi&rdquo;)



    
    
The registered
    capital of Jilin Ganzhi is $100
000. Jilin Ganzhi is operated to process ginseng and produce canned ginseng juice. Jilin Ganzhi
    started production of canned ginseng juice during the three months ended December 31
 2010. 


Tonghua
Linyuan Grape Planting Co. (&ldquo;Tonghua Linyuan&rdquo;)
currently inactive.



    
    
On
                                         January 15
 2008
 we acquired Tonghua Linyuan from two PRC individual shareholders at
                                         a price of $1
000
000 with an intention to grow grapes for wine production
        

    
    
    

    
    

        of June 2013
 the planned production of wine and grape juice had not been commenced due to the poor quality of the harvests
        which were not suitable for the production of wine or grape juice
 and therefore we decided to abandon the growing and
        harvesting&nbsp;of grapes.&nbsp;&nbsp;On June 30
 2013
 we transfered all assets and debts of Tonghua Linyuan to Mr. Wenkai
        Wang for $0 (zero) consideration
 including the ownership of machinery and equipment
 the right to the use of the plant
        and the debt of $2 million of Tonghua Linyuan
 effective immediately. Pursuant to the sale of all assets and debts
 Tonghua
        Linyuan became a shell with no operations.


Jinlin
Huamei Beverage Co. Ltd (&ldquo;Jilin Huamei&rdquo;)



    
    
The registered
    capital of Jilin Huamei is $200
000.&nbsp;&nbsp;Jilin Huamei operates as a sales department for our canned ginseng juice.
    We commenced sales of ginseng beverage in October 2010 and&nbsp;Jilin&nbsp;Huamei started generating revenue in November 2010.And
    we plan to recruit general distributor when funds are available




    
    


Hong
Kong Huaxia International Industrial Co.
 Ltd (&ldquo;Hong Kong Huaxia&rdquo;)
local goods



    
    
Hong Kong Huaxia
    was incorporated by us on March 18
 2012 as a wholly-owned subsidiary to sell health and specialized local products. The registered
    capital of Hong Kong Huaxia is HKD 1
000
000 (approximately $129
032). Hong Kong Huaxia began operations in April 2012.


BUSINESS
OVERVIEW:

Our business
in China is currently conducted through the above four wholly owned subsidiaries. Below is the operational status of each of these
businesses as of the date of this filing:



    
    
Yanbian Huaxing:
    In the past
 our revenue was mainly from the sales of ginseng produced and sold by Yanbian Huaxing which consists of Ynabian
    farm and Mudanjiang farm. In August 2010
 we shifted our business focus to canned ginseng juice and started to store fresh
    ginseng for producing canned ginseng juice. Qualified ginseng produced by Yanbian Huaxing has been and will continued to be
    used as raw material of canned ginseng juice and only those oxidized ginseng not qualified to be used for canned ginseng
    juice     will be sold directly through Yanbian Huaxing. Yanbian farm&rsquo;s harvest&nbsp;was substantially complete by
    December 31
     2012.&nbsp;We are only planting small amounts of Ginseng because the climate and soil conditions have
    deteriorated. The other     farm
 Mudaniang
 will harvest no ginseng until about 2018 due to the damages caused by a typhoon
    in August     2012 which  is discussed in more detail in the Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2012 and 2011.
    However
 our decision     to shift our business focus mainly to production and sale of ginseng juice remains unchanged. We
    currently have stored sufficient     ginseng to produce approximately one million ginseng juice cans and we plan to continue
    purchasing ginseng from the market     as raw material for ginseng juice production. 

    
    
    

    
    
Jilin Ganzhi:
    Jilin Ganzhi has been processing fresh ginseng and started producing canned ginseng in the quarter ended December 31
 2010.




    
    
Jilin Huamei:
    Jilin Huamei operates as a sale department for canned ginseng juice. Our domestic market promotion and penetration of canned
    ginseng juice is conducted by Jilin Huamei and all of our domestic distribution agreements for sales of our canned ginseng
    juice were signed through Jilin Huamei. 




    
    
Hong Kong Huaxia:
    Hong Kong Huaxia was registered in Hong Kong as a sale company for health product and specialized local goods in March 2012.
    It was set up as a part of our adjusted marketing strategy so that we can explore the Asia Market through Hong Kong Huaxia
    while Jilin Huamei focuses on domestic sales. Hong Kong Huaxia started operation in April 2012 and generated approximately
    5% of revenue during the year ended June 30
 2014 through &nbsp;resales of cosmetic products under the brand of Aoweisi and
    Ruiersui Capsules.&nbsp;The focus of Hong Kong Huaxia is sales of our ginseng juice in Asia market. 

    
    
    

    
    
Jilin
                                         Huaxia Ginseng Co.
 Ltd&nbsp;(&ldquo;Jilin Huaxia&rdquo;) is a wholly-owned subsidiary
                                         of Hong Kong Huaxia with registered capital of $6
000
000. Jilin Huaxia was incorporated
                                         in September 2013 as part of our market promoting strategy. We plan on opening an online
                                         store through Taobao
 the biggest online business-to-consumer and consumer-to-consumer
                                         platform in Asia. Because Taobao only accepts stores with a domestic business address
                                         we established Jilin Huaxia to facilitate our expansion into these markets.




Previously
through
 we focused on the farming
 processing
 distribution and marketing of Asian and American Ginseng
and related byproducts in the following varieties:



    
    
Fresh Ginseng:
    
 health supplement
 cosmetic industry and fresh consumption.

    
    
    

    
    
Dry Ginseng:
    

    
    
    

    
    
:
    Selling of ginseng seeds.

    
    
    

    
    
:
    Selling of ginseng seedling.


We obtained
20 years land use rights to 3
705 acres of land approved by the local government for ginseng growing on June 12

 2014
 the Forest Bureau governing
one of the farms approximating 700 hectors (1
730 acres) of land notified the Company that this lease is no longer recognized.
As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of this farm.



    
    


We
currently focus on developing our canned ginseng juice business. We have started selecting and reserving high quality
ginseng produced by Yanbian Huaxing to be used to produce canned ginseng since August 2010. Meanwhile
 as there is higher
standard for ginseng used in canned ginseng juice
 we are able to sell some of the ginseng produced by Yanbian Huaxing which
is not qualified for use in canned ginseng juice to the market through Yanbian Huaxing. Meanwhile
 we receive orders for
ginseng and its byproducts because of our reputation in the industry for selling high-quality ginseng. We intend to maintain
this part of our business even though it is no longer our business focus. In addition
 if we receive large orders for ginseng
and/or ginseng byproducts

of the products. This part of sale of ginseng is generated on order-to-order basis and conditioned on whether we can get a
lower price for such demanded products in the market.

Through

 we produce two types of canned ginseng juice.



    
    
Ganzhi Asian Ginseng
    Beverage

    
    
    

    
    
Ganzhi American
    Ginseng Beverage


In 2008
we started storing fresh ginseng as a raw material in a rented refrigerated warehouse. We entered into a 5 year lease agreement
with Meat Union Refrigerated Warehouse for the rented refrigerated warehouse in 2008 for the rental of 160 cubic meters with a
monthly rental of 57RMB (about USD $ 8.1) per cubic meter. In October 2010
 we renewed the lease agreement with a rental of 4500
RMB (about USD $678.86
 approximately $4.2 per cubic meter) per month. The principal terms of the lease agreement are as follows:



    
    
Parties: Meat
    Union Refrigerated Warehouse (&ldquo;Meat Union&rdquo;) and Jilin Ganzhi Ginseng Products Co Ltd. (&ldquo;Jilin Ganzhi&rdquo;);




    
    
Meat Union leases
    out three refrigerated warehouses for Jilin Ganzhi to store ginseng. During the refrigerated period
 Meat Union is required
    to keep the temperature at 12 &ndash; 15 degrees below zero
 if there are any changes of the temperature Meat Union needs
    to notify Jilin Ganzhi immediately. If Meat Union fails to notify Jilin Ganzhi and consequently caused the molding or rotting
    of ginseng
 Meat Union shall be responsible for all the losses. Jilin Ganzhi shall inspect warehouse temperature periodically.




    
    
The contracts
    starts from October 15
 2010 and will remain valid until terminated by the parties
 monthly rent is 4500 RMB. When Jilin Ganzhi
    vacates a warehouse
 both parties will renegotiate the rent for the refrigerated warehouse.


We
purchased a production factory for ginseng beverage for the total consideration of 9
000
000 RMB (USD $1
462
749) under a written
contract dated March 2
 2010. We paid 500
000 RMB (about USD $81
264) on June 24
 2010; obtained an 8 million RMB (about
USD $1
300
221) bank loan from Meihekou City Rural Credit Union to pay the seller on September 10
 2010; and paid 100
000
RMB (about USD $16
263) in December 2010. The remaining balance of 400
000 RMB (about USD $65
011)&nbsp;was to be&nbsp;paid
off by end of June 2010 pursuant to the written contract; however
 on March 22
 2010
 we obtained oral consent from the
seller to extend the due date to December 31
 2011.&nbsp;&nbsp;We were not able to pay off the remaining balance by December
31
 2011 and the seller orally agreed to further extend the due date to the date when we have sufficient cash to pay off the
remaining balance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Nevertheless
 if our cash flow do not improve and cannot obtain a further extension from the
seller or the seller revokes its oral consent of extension
 the seller has the right to repossess the production factory
confiscate the deposit paid to the seller and we will be liable to compensate the seller for an amount equivalent to 6
month&rsquo;s rental expenses for using the production factory. The principal terms of the written contract are as
follows:



    
    
Parties: Meihekou
    City Hengyide Warehouse Logistics Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Meihekou&rdquo;) and Ganzhi Ginseng Products Co Ltd &amp; China Ginseng
    Holdings
 Inc. (collectively &ldquo;Ginseng Group.&rdquo;)




    
    
Meihekou and Ginseng
    Group shall go to the PRC auction company Jilin Mingshi Auction Co. Ltd. together to apply for the change of the purchaser&rsquo;s
    name from Meihekou to Ginseng Group. The application fee is borne by Ginseng Group.




    
    
All
    details/content     of the location
 land area and facilities that to be acquired originally by Meihekou remain unchanged.
    The amount of the consideration     of RMB 9
000
000 (about USD $1
462
749) and the agency commission that was to be
    originally paid by Meihekou shall remain unchanged     and payment shall be made by Ginseng Group to Meihekou.




    
    
Payment method:
    This agreement became effective upon date of signing
 Ginseng Group shall pay Meihekou of RMB 500
000 (about USD $81
264)
    before March 20
 2010
 the remaining balance shall be repaid in full by June 30
 2010.




    
    




    
    
Meihekou shall
    waive the rental expenses incurred by Ginseng Group for using the premise for the period from January 2010 to Feburary 2010.




    
    
If the remaining
    balance was not settled by June 2010
 Meihekou has the right to repossess the premise and confiscate the deposit paid to Meihekou.
    And Ginseng Group is liable to compensate Meihekou for an amount equivalent to 6 month&rsquo;s rental expenses for using the
    premise.


Ginseng
Group has not paid off the remaining balance of 400
000 RMB (about USD $65
011) until now; however
 Meihekou has orally agreed
to extend the due date of the payment to the date that we have sufficient cash flow to pay off the remaining balance
 with all
other terms and conditions remain the same.

On August
30
 2012
 we paid off the 8 million RMB bank loan which we obtained from Meihekou City Rural Credit Union on November 8
 2010
by a new loan of 8 million RMB from the same lender.&nbsp;&nbsp;The principal terms of the new 8 million RMB bank loan agreement
are as follows:



    
    
Parties: Jilin
    Ganzhi Ginseng Products Co.
 Ltd (&ldquo;Jilin Ganzhi&rdquo;) and Meihekou City Rural Credit Union (&ldquo;Meihekou Credit
    Union&rdquo;);




    
    
Meihekou Credit
    Union granted a loan of 8 million RMB (about USD $1
300
221 to Jilin Ganzhi to be used in calling in and refunding and the
    term of the loan is 24 months from August 30
 2012 to August 29
 2014.




    
    
The loan carries
    a benchmark interest rate which is the rate announced by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China as an interest rate of same type
    and class of loans at the date of the loan and&nbsp;changes with the adjustment of national bank rate.&nbsp;&nbsp;Meihekou
    Credit Union calculates the interest on a monthly basis applying this annual floating rate which is payable on the 21st day
    of each month. The monthly interest rate of August 2012 was 10.513 and we paid interest of 94
126.63 RMB (about USD $
    14
837.81)     on August 21
 2012. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Company repaid 950
000 RMB (USD $154
635). We will assume
    the     payment     of     the     remaining interest when we     have enough cash.




    
    
Repay the principal
    by installments according to the following repayment plan




Repayment
    time
Amount
    (Million)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



* No
payments have been made and the loan is in default. 


Our ginseng
sales revenue includes revenue from our ginseng production and revenue from resale of ginseng purchased from outside farmers.
Our ginseng production is constituted of our own farmed ginseng production and ginseng purchased from the farmers who leased land
from us. We sell ginseng directly to the market without distributors and to&nbsp;customers who&nbsp;purchase ginseng from us on
an order-to-order basis. Though purchases from a few customers aggregately accounted for more than 10% of our sales of ginseng
we do not have any written or oral agreement with those customers. We consider a purchase to be completed once cash is paid by
a customer. For large orders
 as is custom in the ginseng business
 when ginseng is shipped to a customer
 the customer pays approximately
20%-30% of the invoice and is entitled to an inspection process which could take up to 60 days. Upon completion of the inspection
and approval process
 the customer notifies us and sends us the balance of the invoice price

For smaller orders
 customers pick up the Ginseng from the Company
 pay in cash at time of pick up and receive an invoice with
appropriate sales tax applied and a cash acknowledgement. On these orders
 revenue is recognized upon shipment/payment. During
the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 no orders were subject to the inspection process.

However
as we have recently begun to shift the focus of our business from sale of ginseng to canned ginseng juice
&nbsp;&nbsp;there is
no assurance that there will be sufficient demand for our beverages to allow us to operate profitably in the short term until
our new products are more widely recognized and sold. Accordingly
 past revenues and other financial results will not provide
a meaningful basis for future performance given the material change in our business.



    
    


PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICE:

Our principal
executive offices are located at 1562 Jie Fang Great Road
 16 FL&nbsp;&nbsp;Zhongji Building
&nbsp;&nbsp;Suite 1062-1063
 Nanguan
District
 Changchun City
 China
 Tel: (86) 43188952022. Our website is http://www.chinaginsengs.com.&nbsp;&nbsp;



Ginseng
Production

Sales
of Ginseng

We sell
ginseng directly to the market without distributors and to customers who purchase ginseng from us on an order-to-order basis.
Although purchases from a&nbsp;few customers aggregately accounted for more than 10% of our sales of ginseng
 we do not have any
written or oral agreements with those customers. We consider a purchase is completed once cash is paid by a customer. For large
orders
 as is custom in ginseng business
 when ginseng is shipped to a customer
 the customer pays approximately 20%-30% of the
invoice and is entitled to an inspection process which could take up to 60 days. Upon completion of the inspection and approval
process
 the customer pays the balance of the invoice&nbsp;and a sale is recorded.

If ginseng
produced by us or the farmers who leased land from us are not qualified to produce canned ginseng juice
 we will sell it to the
market. In addition
 as we have been engaged in the business of farming
 processing and selling ginseng for more than eight years
we are very familiar with the local ginseng planting and have good connection with ginseng farmers. Therefore
 sometimes we are
able to purchase ginseng with good quality from the outside farmers at a price lower than market price and then directly sell
those ginseng we purchased to the market. Starting in 2008
 we began reserving fresh ginseng as raw material to produce canned
ginseng juice. As of the date of this filing
 we are no longer selling fresh ginseng or dry ginseng directly to the market except
such portions of our product that are not qualified for use in our canned ginseng juice and the ginseng we purchased from outside
farmers which is oxidized ginseng. Ginseng's growing season&nbsp;is from April&nbsp;to September. Normally we sow the seed in
April and harvest in September. Excessive rain in June to August will normally cause oxidation on the ginseng because that is
the grow season for ginseng. Our average yearly rain volume in the past ten years is approximately 500 millimeter and we usually
have approximately 30% of ginseng oxidized each year. However
 because we intend to produce high quality canned ginseng juice
we apply very strict and much higher standards when we select ginseng as raw materials for ginseng juice production. Therefore
only portion of non-oxidized with high quality grown ginseng will be reserved for ginseng juice production. For the year ended
June 30
 2014
 we did not reserve any of our grown ginseng for ginseng juice production due to the damage caused by the typhoon
in 2012. Once ginseng is oxidized
 it is no longer qualified as raw material for ginseng beverage; however
 we can still sell
it to the market at a lower price compared to the price of&nbsp;non-oxidized ginseng.

Sources
and Availability of Raw Materials

Ginseng
can only be cultivated under severely limited conditions demanding an almost perfect combination of terrain
 altitude
 and temperature.
The growth cycle requires 5-6 years
 although
 senior maturity can be 8 years
&nbsp;&nbsp;and once harvested
 the land can not
be used again for ginseng planting for at least 25-30 years. Because the suitable lands for ginseng farming are very limited
the key to success in this industry is to control suitable land
 as well as to continually develop techniques to increase production
per acre.

We
have been granted land use rights to 1
500 hectares (about 3
705 acres) of land resources for ginseng planting by the local
government including Yanbian farm and Mudanjiang farm. Currently
 we have planted approximately 287
984 square meters of
land. Yanbian farm was substantially completely harvested by December 31
 2012.&nbsp;We only planted small amounts of Ginseng
at Yanbian farm during the fiscal year ended June 30
 2013 because the climate and soil conditions have deteriorated. The
other farm Mudaniang will harvest no ginseng until about 2018 due to the damages caused by a typhoon strike which occurred in
August 2012. We plan to plant
 over the next 5 years
 100
000 square meters
 representing approximately 20
000 square meters
per year.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the succeeding five years
 we plan to harvest approximately 2
664  square meters of Ginseng in 2017.
During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forest Bureau governing one of the farms approximating 700 hectors (1
730 acres) of
land notified the Company that this lease is no longer recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and
planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of this farm.



    
    


With
regard to the land resources we developed
 we have hired our own employees to plant ginseng on part of the lands. Simultaneously
we have executed agreements with a number of local farmers to grow
 cultivate and harvest ginseng utilizing the remaining portion
of the land resources. The farming contracts commenced
in January 2008 and expired as of December 31
 2012. In connection with these agreements
 we (1) lease sections of the ginseng
land to the farmers at approximately $1.5 (10 RMB) per square meter yearly
 (2) provide the seeds and fertilizer to the farmers
and clear the land of large debris (these costs are capitalized by the Company and included in the Ginseng Crop inventory
 and
(3) pay the farmers a management fee of approximately $0.50 (4.00 RMB) per square meter (the farmers are required to produce 2kg
ginseng for each square meter that they manage). After harvest
 we pay the farmers the market price
 which is the price at which
other non-affiliated purchasers purchase similar ginseng from other farmers
 for their ginseng. If the harvest is below 2 kg per
square meter
 the difference will be deducted from the total payment for ginseng purchased. If the harvest produces more than
2 kg per square meter
 we pay $3.00 for every extra kg. In fiscal year 2013
 we purchased approximately 45% of the ginseng we
needed from these local farmers. The Company decided not to renew the contracts when they expired on December 31
 2012 because
the Company has harvested all ginseng from planting land we rent to farmer. We will
 however
&nbsp;enter into the contracts again
with the local farmers when we have enough capital to plant new ginseng.



All of our
high quality ginseng is currently reserved for use by us in the manufacture of ginseng juice. Fresh ginseng can be placed in refrigerated
storage for two years and still be used in the production of ginseng beverages.



Sales of
ginseng products are seasonal
 with most customers placing orders in the first and fourth quarter in any year as our ginseng is
harvested in autumn
 after necessary processing procedures
 and available for sale in winter. However
 as we no longer sell these
products to any significant extent
 seasonality is no longer an issue.

Canned
Ginseng Juice

We are selling
the following two products:



    
    
Ganzhi Ginseng
    Beverage
 Approval No. State Food &amp; Drug Administration G20090249

    
    
Ganzhi American
    Ginseng Beverage
 Approval No. State Food &amp; Drug Administration G20090208


To produce
canned ginseng juice
 we take ginseng juice extracted from fresh ginseng as the main material plus natural extracts like xylitol
citric acid and steviosides as subsidiary ingredients. We have farming technicians periodically inspect farmers to ensure they
follow our growing guidelines to control the quality of the fresh ginseng. We use low residue pesticide and biodegradable fertilizer
for ginseng planting. And we use xylitol instead of sugar to lower calories. Further
 products made with xylitol do not cause
a sour taste.

Currently
there are about 10 kinds of ginseng drinks on the market; all of them are Chinese. The price range for those products is 6 &ndash;40
RMB per can (about USD $0.97-$ 4.51) and one fresh ginseng juice imported from Korea
 about 49 RMB( about USD 7.96) based on
our market research.

The most
important component of ginseng is ginsenoside. Through reading our competitor&rsquo;s labels
 we found that nearly all of their
ginseng drinks are produced by blending after extracting ginsenosides through chemical methods. The extraction for ginsenosides
will cause damage to its nutritional components. Our technology is different from that traditional method. We squeeze out the
natural juice from fresh ginseng so as to preserve freshness and nutrition in the final product.

The reason
direct squeezing is not commonly used in canned ginseng juice is that it needs fresh ginseng as a raw material and preservation
of fresh ginseng is very difficult. Fresh ginseng rots very fast. The harvest time concentrates in September and October
 which
is a fairly short period. After that
 one can only buy dried ginseng from market such as sun-dried ginseng from which we cannot
squeeze juice. However
 our drink formula enables us to use refrigerated ginseng as a raw material to produce canned ginseng juice
and still be able to maintain its freshness and nutrition in our final products. The drink formula for our ginseng beverages is
a registered patent approved by the Chinese government
 patent number ZL 03111397.6. This patent was issued on January 23
 2008
and expires 20 years after issuance.


    
    


This is
why we store our fresh ginseng in refrigerated warehouse space. We are currently renting a refrigerated warehouse (-20 C degree)
to store all fresh ginseng inventory necessary for production of the ginseng beverages. Monthly rent for refrigerated warehouse
is RMB 4
500 (about USD $676.86). We commenced production in August 2010 and sales in October 2010 which was reflected in our
financial statement for the three months ended December 31
 2010. We initiated our sales of canned ginseng juice in China and
we plan to expand our business to overseas markets in 2014 or 2015
 provided that we obtain sufficient fundings. Our Ganzhi Ginseng
Beverage costs approximately $1.13 per bottle (160 ml) and our American Ginseng Beverage will cost approximately $1.12 per bottle
(160 ml). However
 as we are in the initial stage of ginseng beverage business
 we cannot assure the demands for our ginseng beverage
will be profitable in the short term and there is no guarantee that we will be able to generate revenue with ginseng beverage
business.

We own the
production plant for ginseng juice. The plant is certified by the Chinese government as a Good Manufacturing Process facility
which is required for our production of these products. Good Manufacturing Process standards cover organization and personnel
building and facilities
 equipment
 materials
 hygiene and sanitation
 validation
 documentation
 production management
 quality
management
 production distribution and recall
 complaints and adverse reactions report
 and self-inspections.

The estimated
total one-time costs associated with the production of our ginseng beverage is approximately 50 million RMB (about USD $7
549
791)
including 2 million RMB for research and governmental approval
 6 million RMB for GMP adjustment construction
 8 million RMB for
equipment
 11 million RMB for facility construction and upgrades
 20 million for working capital and 3 million RMB for other expenses.

We plan
to fund these costs&nbsp;through a combination of short-term borrowings
 bank loans
 cash from operations and sales of our equity.

Distribution
Methods

There are
667 cities in China.&nbsp;&nbsp;We plan to recruit one general distributor for canned ginseng juice in each city through Jilin
Huamei. The general distributor can recruit the second level distributors. In addition to recruiting general distributors
 in
some major cities
 Jilin Huamei will establish sale branch offices to facilitate the local sales. Our direct sale will target
at customers of high end retailers such as supermarkets
 pharmacies
 hotels
 gift shops
 entertainment centers
 tourists attractions
airport and high speed trains
 etc.

We recruited
distributors in the past. However
 we have not renewed any distribution agreement upon expiration or recruited new distributors
because of lack of funds. We plan to recruit distributor once we resume our production.

Sources
and Availability of Raw Materials

We obtain
fresh ginseng for beverage production from two sources
 our grown ginseng including self-planted ginseng and the ginseng sold
to us by farmers in accordance with the contracts we entered into with them
 and the ginseng we purchase from the outside farmers.

Ginseng's
growing season&nbsp;is from April to September
 six months a year. Normally we sow the seed in April and harvest in September
and October. Ginseng seeds are obtained after the blossom in Autumn
 the seed can be sowed in September or next Spring
 it takes
10 days to germinate and 10 days for seeding. The whole growing cycle for ginseng&nbsp;from seeding to harvest usually takes
around 5-6 years to ensure the growth of ginseng and the nutrition it contains in the root. For ginseng
 every hectare can harvest
18 to 20 kg ginseng. As of June 30
 2014
 we have planted approximately 287
984 square meters of land.



There is
no seasonality for sale of ginseng beverages.



    
    


MARKETING
ACTIVITIES

All of our
products will be sold by our subsidiary Jilin Huamei and Hong Kong Huaxia through distributors or Jilin Huamei&rsquo;s sale branch
offices in some major cities
 or Hong Kong Huaxia&rsquo;s e-commerce.

RESEARCH
AND DEVELOPMENT

Due to lack
of funds
 we have had no research and development expenses in the past two years.

INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY

We rely
primarily on a combination of patent
 certificates and administrative protections to safeguard our intellectual property.

The drink
formula for our ginseng beverages is a registered patent approved by the Chinese government
 patent number ZL 03111397.6. This
patent was issued on January 23
 2008 and expires 20 years after issuance.

Although
our other products have no patent protection
 our two types of ginseng beverages have been certified as PRC domestic healthcare
food by SFDA (State Food and Drug Administration) and received approval certificates (&ldquo;GMP Healthcare Food Certificate&rdquo;)
from the SFDA

for Administration over Registration of Healthcare Food (Trial Implementation)
 2005
the healthcare food applying for GMP Health Food Certificate refers to such food as claimed to have special health function or
focuses on supplementing vitamins or minerals
 that is
 food which is suitable for special population
 has function of regulating
the institutions instead of treating diseases
 and will not bring any acute
 sub-acute or chronic damages to the body. The application
for registration of healthcare food shall be subject to an examination and approval process in which the SDFA evaluates and examines
systematically the safety
 effectiveness
 quality controllability as well as the specifications of the healthcare food being applied
for registration and make a decision as approving the registration or not according to the application and based on the lawful
procedures
 conditions and requirements. As of the date of this filing
 we have submitted the following SFDA approvals for renewal
and expect to receive renewal notices in late October or early November:



    
    
Health
    food production permit for Jilin Ganzhi Beverage Company
 Approval No. 2012-0019
 issued on May 9
 2013
 valid for one year.




    
    
SFDA
approval for Ganzhi Ginseng Beverage
 No. SFDA G20090249 issued by the State Food &amp; Drug Administration on 05/31/2009 which
is valid for five years.

    
    
    

    
    
SFDA approval
    for Ganzhi American Ginseng Beverage
 No. SFDA G20090208 issued by the State Food &amp; Drug Administration on 5/27/2009 which
    is valid for five years.


REGULATORY
ENVIRONMENT

In addition
to U.S. securities laws
 banking laws and laws applicable to all companies
 such as The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 as a China-based
entity
 we are subject to various Chinese regulations. This section sets forth a summary of the most significant China regulations
or requirements that may affect our business activities operated in China or our shareholders&rsquo; right to receive dividends
and other distributions of profits from the PRC subsidiary.

Foreign
Investment in PRC Operating Companies

Foreign
Investment Industrial Catalogue
industries/businesses into three different categories: (i) encouraged for foreign investment; (ii) restricted to foreign investment;
and (iii) prohibited from foreign investment. For any industry/business not covered by any of these three categories
 they will
be deemed industries/businesses permitted for foreign investment. Except for those expressly provided with restrictions
 encouraged
and permitted industries/businesses are usually 100% open to foreign investment and ownership. With regard to those industries/businesses
restricted to foreign investment
 there is always a limitation on foreign investment and ownership. Foreign investment is prohibited
in prohibited industries/business. The PRC subsidiary&rsquo;s business does not fall under the industry categories that are restricted
to
 or prohibited from foreign investment and is not subject to limitation on foreign investment and ownership.



    
    


Regulation
of Foreign Currency Exchange

Foreign
currency exchange in the PRC is governed by a series of regulations
 including the 
(1996)
 as amended

 Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange
as amended. Under these regulations
 the Renminbi is freely convertible for trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions
but not for direct investment
 loans or investments in securities outside the PRC without the prior approval of State Administration

 Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange

 foreign investment enterprises
 or FIEs may purchase foreign exchange without the approval of SAFE for trade and service-related
foreign exchange transactions by providing commercial documents evidencing these transactions. They may also retain foreign exchange
to satisfy foreign exchange liabilities or to pay dividends. However
 the relevant Chinese government authorities may limit or
eliminate the ability of FIEs to purchase and retain foreign currencies in the future. In addition
 foreign exchange transactions
for direct investment
 loan and investment in securities outside the PRC are still subject to limitations and require approvals
from SAFE.

Regulation
of FIEs&rsquo; Dividend Distribution

The principal
laws and regulations in the PRC governing distribution of dividends by FIEs include:



    
The
(1979)
 as amended

    Equity Joint Venture Law
 as amended;

    
    

    
The
 (1988)
 as amended

    Sino-foreign Cooperative Enterprise Law
 as amended;

    
    

    
The
 (1986)
 as amended

    Enterprise Law 
 as amended.


Under these
regulations
 FIEs in the PRC may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits
 if any
 determined in accordance with Chinese
accounting standards and regulations. In addition
 the wholly-owned foreign enterprises in the PRC are required to set aside at
least 10% of their respective accumulated profits each year
 if any
 to fund certain reserve funds unless such reserve funds have
reached 50% of their respective registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends.

Regulation
of a Foreign Currency&rsquo;s Conversion into RMB and Investment by FIEs

On August
29
 2008

Operating Issues concerning the Improvement of the Administration of Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested
Enterprises
 to further regulate the foreign exchange of FIEs. According to Notice 142
 FIEs shall obtain a
verification report from a local accounting firm before converting its registered capital in foreign currency into Renminbi
 and
the converted Renminbi shall be used for the business within its permitted business scope. Notice 142 explicitly prohibits FIEs
from using RMB converted from foreign capital to make equity investments in the PRC
 unless the domestic equity investment is
within the approved business scope of the FIE and has been approved by SAFE in advance. In addition
 SAFE strengthened its oversight
over the flow and use of Renminbi funds converted from the foreign currency-dominated capital of a FIE. The use of such Renminbi
may not be changed without approval from SAFE
 and may not be used to repay Renminbi loans if the proceeds of such loans have
not yet been used. Violations of Notice 142 may result in severe penalties
 including substantial fines as set forth in the SAFE
rules.

In addition
SAFE promulgated the Notice on Relevant Issues Concerning Strengthening the Administration of Foreign Exchange Businesses in November
2010
 which requires the authenticity of settlement of the funds raised from offshore offerings to be closely examined and the
settlement of funds should conform to their intended use as listed in the offering document. For the settlement of funds in excess
of those intended by the offering document or for a purpose other than that listed in the offering document
 a board resolution
relating to the use of funds shall be submitted as a separate application document. SAFE further promulgated a circular in November
2011
 which prohibits a foreign-invested enterprise from using Renminbi funds converted from its foreign currency registered capital
to provide entrustment loans or repay loans borrowed from non-financial enterprises. These circulars may limit our ability to
transfer the net proceeds from the offshore offering to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries in China
 and we may not be able
to convert the proceeds from the offshore offering into Renminbi to invest in or acquire any other PRC companies.



    
    


On November
19
 2012
 SAFE promulgated the Circular of Further Improving and Adjusting Foreign Exchange Administration Policies on Foreign
Direct Investment
 or Circular 59
 which became effective on December 17
 2012. Circular 59 substantially amends and simplifies
the then current foreign exchange procedures. Under Circular 59
 the opening of various special purpose foreign exchange accounts
(e.g. pre-establishment expenses account
 foreign exchange capital account
 guarantee account) no longer requires the approval
of SAFE. Reinvestment of Renminbi proceeds by foreign investors in the PRC no longer requires SAFE approval or verification.

On May 10
2013
 SAFE promulgated the Circular on Printing and Distributing the Provisions on Foreign Exchange Administration over Domestic
Direct Investment by Foreign Investors and the Supporting Documents
 which specifies that the administration by SAFE or its local
branches over direct investment by foreign investors in the PRC shall be conducted by way of registration. Institutions and individuals
shall register with SAFE and/or its local branches for their direct investment in the PRC. Banks shall process foreign exchange
business relating to the direct investment in the PRC based on the registration information provided by SAFE and its branches.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Regulation
of Foreign Exchange in Certain Onshore and Offshore Transactions

In October
2005

Activities of Domestic Residents Conducted via Offshore Special Purpose Companies
 or SAFE Notice 75
 which became effective
as of November 1
 2005. SAFE has also issued implemented rules to SAFE Notice 75.&nbsp;&nbsp;SAFE Notice 75 and its implementation
rules require PRC residents (including both corporate entities and natural persons) to register with SAFE or its competent local
branch in connection with their direct or indirect shareholding in any company outside of China referred to as an &ldquo;offshore
special purpose company&rdquo; established for the purpose of raising fund from overseas to acquire assets of
 or equity interests
in
 PRC companies. Under SAFE Notice 75
 a &ldquo;special purpose vehicle&rdquo;
 or SPV
 refers to an offshore entity established
or controlled
 directly or indirectly
 by PRC residents for the purpose of seeking offshore equity financing using assets or interests
owned by such PRC residents in onshore companies. In addition
 any PRC resident that is the shareholder of an offshore special
purpose company is required to amend his or her SAFE registration with the SAFE or its competent local branch
 with respect to
that offshore special purpose company in connection with any of its increase or decrease of capital
 transfer of shares
 merger
division
 equity investment or creation of any security interest over any assets located in China. The SAFE regulations require
retroactive approval and registration of direct or indirect investments previously made by PRC residents in offshore special purpose
companies. PRC subsidiaries of an offshore special purpose company are required to coordinate and supervise the filing of SAFE
registrations by the offshore holding company&rsquo;s shareholders who are PRC residents in a timely manner. In the event that
a PRC resident shareholder with a direct or indirect investment in an offshore parent company fails to obtain the required SAFE
approval and make the required registration
 the PRC subsidiaries of such offshore parent company may be prohibited from making
distributions of profit to the offshore parent and from paying the offshore parent proceeds from any reduction in capital
 share
transfer or liquidation in respect of the PRC subsidiaries. Further
 failure to comply with the various SAFE approval and registration
requirements described above
 as currently drafted
 could result in liability under PRC law for foreign exchange evasion.

There still
remain uncertainties as to how certain procedures and requirements under the aforesaid SAFE regulations will be enforced
 and
it remains unclear how these existing regulations
 and any future legislation concerning offshore or cross-border transactions
will be interpreted
 amended and implemented by the relevant government authorities. Although we have requested PRC residents
who
 to our knowledge
&nbsp;&nbsp;hold direct or indirect interests in our Company&nbsp;&nbsp;to make the necessary applications
filings and amendments as required under the SAFE Notice 75 and other related rules
 our PRC resident beneficial holders have
not completed such approvals and registrations required by the SAFE regulations due to the complexity and procedural requirements
involved in securing such SAFE approval. We will attempt to comply
 and attempt to ensure that all of our shareholders subject
to these rules comply with the relevant requirements. We cannot
 however
 assure the compliance of all of our China-resident shareholders.
Any current or future failure to comply with the relevant requirements could subject us to fines or sanctions imposed by the Chinese
government
 including restrictions on certain of our subsidiaries&rsquo; ability to pay dividends or hinder our investment in
those subsidiaries or affect our ownership structure
 which could adversely affect our business and prospects.



    
    


Regulations
on Employee Stock Option Plans

In
December 2006
 the People&rsquo;s Bank of China promulgated the Administrative Measures of Foreign Exchange Matters for Individuals
which set forth the respective requirements for foreign exchange transactions&nbsp;by individuals (both PRC or non-PRC citizens)
under either the current account or the capital account. In January 2007
 SAFE issued implementing rules for the Administrative
Measures of Foreign Exchange Matters for Individuals
 which
 among other things
 specified approval requirements for certain capital
account transactions such as a PRC citizen&rsquo;s participation in the employee stock ownership plans or stock option plans of
an overseas publicly-listed company. In March 2007
 SAFE promulgated the Application Procedures of Foreign Exchange Administration
for Domestic Individuals Participating in Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Stock Option Plan of Overseas-Listed Company
 or the
2007 Stock Option Rules. In February 2012
 SAFE promulgated the Notice on Issues Related to Foreign Exchange Administration on
Domestic Individuals' Participation in Equity Incentive Plans of Overseas-Listed Company
 which replaced the 2007 Stock Option
Rules. Under current effective rules
 if a PRC resident participates in any equity incentive plan of an overseas publicly-listed
company
 a qualified PRC domestic agent must
 among other things
 file on behalf of such participant an application with SAFE
to conduct the SAFE registration with respect to such equity incentive plan and obtain approval for an annual allowance with respect
to the purchase of foreign exchange in connection with the exercise or sale of stock options or stock such participant holds.
Such participating PRC residents' foreign exchange income received from the sale of stock and dividends distributed by the overseas
publicly-listed company must be fully remitted into a PRC collective foreign currency account opened and managed by the PRC agent
before distribution to such participants.

Further
a notice concerning the individual income tax on earnings from employee share options jointly issued by Ministry of Finance
 or
the MOF
 and the State Administration of Taxation
 or the SAT
 and its implementing rules
 provide that domestic companies that
implement employee share option programs shall (a) file the employee share option plans and other relevant documents to the local
tax authorities having jurisdiction over them before implementing such employee share option plans; (b) file share option exercise
notices and other relevant documents with the local tax authorities having jurisdiction over them before exercise by the employees
of the share options
 and clarify whether the shares issuable under the employee share options mentioned in the notice are the
shares of publicly listed companies; and (c) withhold taxes from the PRC employees in connection with the PRC individual income
tax.

We and our
PRC citizen employees who participate in the employee stock incentive plan
 which we adopted in 2010
 will be subject to these
regulations. We and our PRC option grantees have not completed the registrations under these regulations. We cannot assure you
that we and our PRC option grantees will be able to complete the required registrations. Any current or future failure to comply
with the relevant requirements could subject us to fines or sanctions imposed by the Chinese government
 which could adversely
affect our business and prospects.

Government
Regulations Relating to Taxation

On March
16
 2007
 the National People&rsquo;s Congress or NPC
 approved and promulgated the 
 which
we refer to as the EIT Law. The EIT Law took effect on January 1
 2008. Under the EIT Law
 FIEs and domestic companies are subject
to a uniform tax rate of 25%. The EIT Law provides a five-year transition period starting from its effective date for those enterprises
which were established before the promulgation date of the EIT Law and which were entitled to a preferential lower tax rate under
the then-effective tax laws or regulations.

On December
26
 2007
 the State Council issued a 
 or the Notice
providing that the enterprises that have been approved to enjoy a low tax rate prior to the promulgation of the EIT Law will be
eligible for a five-year transition period beginning January 1
 2008
 during which time the tax rate will be increased step by
step to the 25% unified tax rate set out in the EIT Law. From January 1
 2008
 for the enterprises whose applicable tax rate was
15% before the promulgation of the EIT Law
 the tax rate will be increased to 18% for 2008
 20% for 2009
 22% for 2010
 24% for
2011
 and 25% for 2012. For the enterprises whose applicable tax rate was 24%
 the tax rate was changed to 25% from January 1
2008.



    
    


The EIT
Law and Implementation Rules of the EIT Law provide that an income tax rate of 10% may be applicable to dividends payable to non-PRC
investors that are &ldquo;non-resident enterprises&rdquo;
 which (i) do not have an establishment or place of business in the
PRC
 or (ii) have such establishment or place of business in the PRC but the relevant income is not effectively connected with
the establishment or place of business
 to the extent such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC. The income tax for
non-resident enterprises shall be subject to withholding at the income source
 with the payor acting as the obligatory withholder
under the EIT Law
 and therefore such income taxes generally called withholding tax in practice. Such income tax may be exempted
or reduced by the State Council of the PRC or pursuant to a tax treaty between the PRC and the jurisdictions in which our non-PRC
shareholders reside. For example
 the 10% withholding tax is reduced to 5% pursuant to the Double Tax Avoidance Agreement Between
Hong Kong and Mainland China if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns more than 25% of the registered capital in a company in the
PRC&nbsp;and is determined by the competent PRC tax authority to have satisfied the other conditions and requirements under such
Double Tax Avoidance Agreement Between Hong Kong and Mainland China and other applicable laws. We are a U.S. holding company and
substantially all of our income is derived from dividends we receive from our subsidiaries located in the PRC. Thus
 if Keyuan
HK are considered as a &ldquo;non-resident enterprise&rdquo; under the New EIT Law and the dividends paid to Keyuan HK by our
subsidiaries in the PRC are considered income sourced within the PRC
 such dividends may be subject to a withholding tax at a
rate up to 10%.

The new
tax law provides only a framework of the enterprise tax provisions
 leaving many details on the definitions of numerous terms
as well as the interpretation and specific applications of various provisions unclear and unspecified. Any increase in the combined
Company&rsquo;s tax rate in the future could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

The current
EIT Law
 which became effective on January&nbsp;1
 2008
 imposes a uniform enterprise income tax rate of 25% on all PRC resident
enterprises
 including foreign-invested enterprises and domestic enterprises
 unless they qualify for certain exceptions.

The new
tax law provides only a framework of the enterprise tax provisions
 leaving many details on the definitions of numerous terms
as well as the interpretation and specific applications of various provisions unclear and unspecified. Any increase in the combined
company&rsquo;s tax rate in the future could have a material adverse effect on its financial conditions and results of operations.

Food
Safety Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China

The Food
Safety Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China as adopted at the 7th Session of the Standing Committee of the 11th National
People&rsquo;s Congress of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China and effective on June 1
 2009
 governs the food safety in food
production and business operation activities. Pursuant to the Food Safety Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 food producers
must establish an internal inspection and record system for raw materials and predelivery products
 and food distributors must
also establish internal systems to record and inspect food products procured from suppliers. In addition
 any food addictives
that are not in the approved government catalog must not be used and no food products can be sold inspection-free.

Regulations
on the Implementation of the Food Safety Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China

The Regulations
on the Implementation of the Food Safety Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China as adopted at the 73rd Standing Committee
Meeting of the State Council on July 8
 2009 and effective on July 20
 2009
 are promulgated in accordance with the Food Safety
Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China. The Regulations require that the local People&rsquo;s Government at or above the
country level shall perform the responsibility specified in the Food Safety Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 improve
the ability for supervision and administration of food safety
 ensure supervision and administration of food safety; establish
and improve the coordination mechanism between food safety regulatory authorities
 integrate and improve the food safety information
network
 and realize the sharing of food safety and food inspection information and other technical resources.

Law
of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China on Quality and Safety of Agricultural Products

The Law
of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China on Quality and Safety of Agricultural Products was adopted at the 21st Meeting of the
Standing Committee of the Tenth National People&rsquo;s Congress on April 29
 2006. This Law was enacted in order to ensure the
quality and safety of agricultural products
 maintain the health of the general public
 and promote the development agriculture
and rural economy. Pursuant to this Law
 agricultural products distribution enterprises shall establish a sound system of inspection
and acceptance for their purchases. In addition
 agricultural products that fail to pass the inspection based on the quality and
safety standards of agricultural products cannot be marketed.



    
    


Compliance
with Environmental Law

We comply
with the Environmental Protection Law of China and its local regulations. In addition to statutory and regulatory compliance
we actively ensure the environmental sustainability of our operations. Our costs of compliance with applicable environmental laws
are minimal
 since the manufacturing of our products generates very limited damages
 if any
 to the environment. Accordingly we
had no expenditures for compliance with environmental law in 2009 and do not anticipate incurring any such costs in the future.
Penalties would be levied upon us if we fail to adhere to and maintain certain standards. Such failure has not occurred in the
past
 and we generally do not anticipate that it may occur in the future
 but no assurance can be given in this regard.





The market
in China for ginseng is extremely competitive. Based upon management&rsquo;s knowledge of the industry in China
 we believe that
there are more than four companies engaged in ginseng production in China.&nbsp;&nbsp;The significant competition within the ginseng
industry for planting land is compounded by the Chinese government&rsquo;s recent promotion of forestation in state-owned forests.&nbsp;This
has dramatically reduced the woodland available for ginseng planting.

Our major
competitors are Changbai Baoquan Mountain
 Changbai Ni Li River
 Ji An Ginseng and Antler Company &amp; The First Fu Song Ginseng
Farm.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based upon its significant knowledge of the ginseng industry in China
 management believes that we rank in the
middle of these competitors
 the larger of which in general have greater financial and personnel resources and have achieved greater
market penetration than we have.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 because there are no published statistics concerning our competitors
 this
is based solely upon management&rsquo;s experience in the industry.

We believe
we compete in this market based upon:



    
    
Land
    Resources controlled directly or through arrangements with farmers;

    
    
    

    
    
Ginseng
    cultivation systems and techniques; and

    
    
    

    
    
Established
    distribution network.


Ginseng
Beverage

In the market
there are about 10 kinds of ginseng beverage listed as following. The prices of these products range from approximately $0.60
to $4.51 per bottle.

We currently
is a small competitor in the market.&nbsp;&nbsp;Some of our competitors have greater financial and personnel resources and all
have achieved greater market penetration than we have.

We believe
we have some competitive advantage in the China market due to the technology we use to produce our ginseng beverage.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based
upon reading of competitors&rsquo; labels
 all of their ginseng drinks are produced by blending after extracting ginsenosides
through chemical methods. Management believes that the extraction for ginsenosides will cause damage to its nutritional components
because high heat is used in the process of the extraction.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our technology is different from the method used by our
competitors.&nbsp;&nbsp;We squeeze out the natural juice from fresh ginseng. However
 our drink formula enables us to use refrigerated
ginseng as raw material to produce canned ginseng juice and still able to maintain its freshness and nutrition in final products&nbsp;&nbsp;The
drink formula for our ginseng beverages is a registered patent approved by the Chinese government
 patent number ZL 03111397.6.&nbsp;&nbsp;This
patent was issued on January 23
 2008 and expires 20 years after issuance. In order to store the fresh ginseng
 we rent a refrigerated
warehouse (-20 C degree) to store all fresh ginseng. We currently have fresh ginseng inventory to produce approximately one million
cans of ginseng juice.



    
    




We have
the following employees as of the date of this filing. The seasonal field workers listed below are part-time employees.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



We consider
our relationship with our employees to be excellent.

ITEM
1A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;RISK FACTORS

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.

ITEM
1B.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS



ITEM
2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;PROPERTIES

Our principal
executive offices are located at 1562 Jie Fang Great Road
 16 FL&nbsp;&nbsp;Zhongji Building
&nbsp;&nbsp;Suite 1062-1063
 Nanguan
District
 Changchun City
 China. The corporate headquarters occupy approximately 749.17 square meters and is on a one year lease
from January 1
 2014 to December 31
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;Rent is approximately $22
108 for one year.

We own free
and clear the office building located in the City of Yanbian
 which is approximately 4
519 square feet
 and it is used for office/administrative
purposes. We also own free and clear processing center&nbsp;&nbsp;in the City of Yanbian
 which is consisted of 7
090 square feet
of space; warehouse space of 1366 square feet; and seasonal worker dormitory of 688 square feet.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the City of Yanbian
we also own the right to use the parcel of land (129
120 square feet approximately) where these facilities are located.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
land use right is for 30 years commencing November 2002 and there&nbsp;is no rent required due to the preferential policies.

Currently
we&nbsp;rent refrigerated warehouse space of 160 cubic meters and we pay approximately $678.86 per month.&nbsp;&nbsp;The refrigerated
warehouse space is 160 cubic meters
 which is not enough for our future refrigerated storage needs. We will need to at least double
the space. Our current refrigerated storage space is sufficient to store 20 tons of fresh ginseng. However
 we might need more
refrigerated space in the future after we start production and sales of canned ginseng juice. In the future
 we plan to build
our own refrigerated warehouse
 with approximately 1
000 cubic meters storage space
 after we are able to generate stable net
income from sales of our ginseng beverage and anticipate that it will take about two months to complete building.&nbsp;&nbsp;

On June
15
 2000
 we were granted 20 years land use rights of&nbsp;approximately 2000 acres of Ermu Forestry land by Ermu County Government
&nbsp;Tunhua.&nbsp;On January 8
 2005
 we entered into a land lease agreement with Heilongjiang Province Muling Forestry Bureau and
Huaxing Ginseng Industry Co. for 1
750 acres of forest to grow ginseng for 20 years and pursuant to the lease agreement
 our annual
aggregate lease payments are approximately $91
500.

We do not
intend to renovate
 improve
 or develop properties
 except as set forth above.&nbsp;&nbsp;We do not carry property or crop insurance
on our land. We have no policy with respect to investments in real estate or interests in real estate and no policy with respect
to investments in real estate mortgages.&nbsp;&nbsp;Further
 we have no policy with respect to investments in securities of or
interests in persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.



    
    


ITEM
3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

From time
to time
 we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business.&nbsp;&nbsp;We
are not aware of any pending or threatened legal proceeding that
 if determined in a manner adverse to us
 could have a material
adverse effect on our business and operations.

ITEM
4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES



PART
II

ITEM
5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;MARKET FOR&nbsp;&nbsp;REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Our common
stock is quoted on the OTCBB under the symbol &ldquo;CSNG&rdquo; and has very limited trading. &nbsp;&nbsp;The closing price for
our Common Stock on the OTCBB on October 13
 2014 was $0.01 per share.

As of October
13
 2014
 we had&nbsp;278 record holders of common stock. This number excludes any estimate by us of the number of beneficial
owners of shares held in street name
 the accuracy of which cannot be guaranteed.

Effective
August 11
 1993
 the SEC adopted Rule 15g-9
 which established the definition of a &quot;penny stock
&quot; for purposes relevant
to the Company
 as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less
than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock
 unless exempt
 the rules require:
(i)&nbsp;that a broker or dealer approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks; and (ii) that the broker or dealer
receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction
 setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to
be purchased. In order to approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks
 the broker or dealer must (i) obtain financial
information and investment experience and objectives of the person; and (ii) make a reasonable determination that the transactions
in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be
capable of evaluating the&nbsp;risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver
 prior to any transaction
in a penny stock
 a disclosure schedule prepared by the Commission relating to the penny stock market
 which
 in highlight form
(i) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and (ii) states that the broker or
dealer received a signed
 written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Disclosure also has to be made about the
risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading
 and about commissions payable to both the
broker-dealer and the registered representative
 current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to
an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally
 monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price
information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.

Options
Warrants
 Convertible Securities

Currently
we do not have any warrants
 options or convertible securities outstanding.



We have
not declared any cash dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable
future.&nbsp;&nbsp;We plan to retain any future earnings for use in our business.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any decisions as to future payments
of dividends will depend on our earnings and financial position and such other facts
 as the board of directors deems relevant.

Reports
to Shareholders

As&nbsp;required
under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 we are required to file quarterly and annual reports with the SEC
and will also be subject to the proxy rules of the SEC. In addition
 our officers
 directors and 10% stockholders will be required
to submit reports to the SEC on their stock ownership and stock trading activity.

Description
of Equity Compensation Plans

We do not
have any equity compensation plans. Our Board of Directors may adopt one or more equity compensation plans in the future.



    
    


Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities



Where
You Can Find Additional Information

We are a
reporting company and file annual
 quarterly and current reports
 proxy statements and other information with the SEC.&nbsp;&nbsp;For
further information with respect to the Company
 you may read and copy its reports
 proxy statements and other information
 at
the SEC public reference rooms at 100 F.&nbsp;&nbsp;Street
 N.E.
 Washington
 D.C. 20549.&nbsp;You can request copies of these
documents by writing to the SEC and paying a fee for the copying cost.&nbsp;&nbsp;Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for more
information about the operation of the public reference rooms.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company&rsquo;s SEC filings are also available at
the SEC&rsquo;s web site at http://www.sec.gov.

ITEM
6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA



ITEM
7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATIONS

FORWARD-LOOKING
INFORMATION

This
report contains forward-looking statements regarding our plans
 expectations
 estimates and beliefs.&nbsp;&nbsp;Actual results
could differ materially from those discussed in
 or implied by
 these forward-looking statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Forward-looking statements
are identified by words such as &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; and other similar expressions.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 any statements that refer to expectations
projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have based
these forward-looking statements largely on our expectations.

Forward-looking
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
 certain of which are beyond our control.&nbsp;Due to these risks and uncertainties
the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this report or incorporated by reference might not transpire.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
following discussion contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ
materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.

Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The
following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations relates to the operations and financial condition
reported in the financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013 and should be read in conjunction
with such financial statements and related notes included in this report.



Our
company
 China Ginseng Holdings Inc.
 was incorporated on June 24
 2004 in the State of Nevada.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;We have been
granted 20 year land use rights to&nbsp;&nbsp;3
705 acres of lands by the Chinese government for ginseng planting and we control
through lease approximately 750 acres of grape vineyards.



 2014
 the Forest Bureau
governing one of the farms approximating 700 hectors (1
730 acres) of land notified the Company that this lease is no longer recognized.
As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of this farm.&nbsp;
Since
our inception in 2004
 we have been engaged in the business of farming
 processing
 distribution and marketing of fresh ginseng
dry ginseng
 ginseng seeds
 and seedlings.&nbsp;&nbsp; Starting in August 2010
 we have gradually shifted the&nbsp;focus of our
business from direct sales of ginseng to canned&nbsp;ginseng juice and have started to store our raw material and sell very limited
self-produced ginseng. We also purchase ginseng from outside sources
 and then resell them to generate revenue and those sales
are based on the order from the market. However
 due to the global recession and local market conditions
 demand for ginseng exports
declined beginning in 2008
 creating a significant oversupply in China. All those factors caused us to have losses in recent years.
In addition
 our new business is in the initial stages
 we need to spend capital to promote our new products
 and develop our
marketing plan. There is no assurance that there will be sufficient demand for our beverages and wine to allow us to operate profitably
initially
 or at all. Our auditors have determined that we do not currently have sufficient working capital necessary and have
raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As of June 30
 2014
 the cash balance on hand for the
Company was about $24
782.



    
    


In order
to meet the challenge
 we are taking the following actions:



    
    
We
    raised capital to support our operation through a Regulation S private placement and plan to fund our operation through financings
    bank loans and Letter of Credit Packing Loan
 etc; and

    
    
    

    
    
We
    plan to recruit distributors for ginseng beverage once funds are available and we intend to recruit &nbsp;one general distributor
    for ginseng juice in every city in which we sell our products.



Although
we did not have any production of or revenues from our ginseng beverage
 we believe there is future potential to do so because
(i) the China&rsquo;s ginseng market is recovering now
 and (ii) the demand and the price is in the uptrend due to Chinese government
restrictions on the amount of land available for ginseng farming (land under our Company&rsquo;s control was not affected by the
government restrictions).

Our
Products:

Previously
through 
 we focused on the farming
 processing
 distribution and marketing of Asian and American Ginseng
and related byproducts in the following varieties:



    
    
Fresh
    Ginseng:&nbsp;&nbsp;
 health supplement
 cosmetic industry and fresh consumption.

    
    
    

    
    
Dry
    Ginseng:
 health supplement&nbsp;consumption.

    
    
    

    
    
Ginseng
    Seeds

    
    
    

    
    
Ginseng
    Seedling


Ginseng's
growing season is from April to September
 six months a year.&nbsp;&nbsp;Normally we sow the seed in April and harvest in September.
Ginseng seeds are obtained after the blossom in autumn
 the seed can be sowed in September or next Spring
 it takes 10 days to
germinate and 10 days for seedling.&nbsp;&nbsp;And the whole growing cycle for ginseng&nbsp;from seeding to harvest usually takes
around 5-6 years to ensure the growth of ginseng and the nutrition it contains in the root. For ginseng
 every hectare can harvest
18 to 20 kg ginseng. As of June 30
 2014
 the planting area for ginseng is 287.984 square meter.

Since August
2010
 we have gradually shifted our business focus from direct sale of ginseng and ginseng byproducts to production and sale of
canned ginseng juice and wine.

Through
Jilin Ganzhi
 we produce two types of canned ginseng juice.



    
    
Ganzhi
    Asian Ginseng Beverage

    
    
    

    
    
Ganzhi
    American Ginseng Beverage


New Focus
of Our Business

Canned
Ginseng Juice

Currently
there are about 10 kinds of ginseng drinks on the market; all of them are imported from Korea.&nbsp;&nbsp;The price range for
those products is 4 &ndash;30 RMB per can (about USD $0.60-$ 4.51).

The most
important component of ginseng is ginsenoside. Based upon reading competitor labels
 all of their ginseng drinks are produced
by blending after extracting ginsenosides through chemical methods. The extraction for ginsenosides will cause damage to its nutritional
components.&nbsp;Our technology is different from that traditional method used by our competitors.&nbsp;&nbsp;We squeeze out the
natural juice from fresh ginseng as the main material plus natural extracts like xylitol
 citric acid and steviosides as subsidiary
ingredients. We have farming technicians periodically inspect farmers to ensure they follow our growing guidelines to control
the quality of the fresh ginseng.&nbsp;&nbsp;We use low residue pesticide and biodegradable fertilizer for ginseng planting. And
we use xylitol instead of sugar to lower calories.&nbsp;&nbsp;Further
 products made with xylitol do not cause a sour taste.



    
    


The reason
direct squeezing is not commonly used in canned ginseng juice is that it needs fresh ginseng as a raw material and preservation
of fresh ginseng is very difficult. However
 our drink formula enables us to use refrigerated ginseng as raw material to produce
canned ginseng juice and still able to preserve its freshness and nutrition in final products&nbsp;&nbsp;The drink formula for
our ginseng beverages is a registered patent approved by the Chinese government
 patent number ZL 03111397.6.&nbsp;&nbsp;This
patent was issued on January 23
 2008 and expires 20 years after issuance.

In order
to produce canned ginseng juice
 we store our fresh ginseng in refrigerated warehouse space. We are currently renting a refrigerated
warehouse (-20 C degree) to store all fresh ginseng inventory necessary for production of the ginseng beverages.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Monthly
rent for refrigerated warehouse is RMB 4
500 (about&nbsp;USD $676.86). We commenced production in August 2010 and sales in October
2010. However
 as we are in the initial stage of ginseng beverage business
 we cannot assure the demands for our ginseng beverage
will be high enough to make our business profitable in the short term and there is no guarantee that we will be able to generate
the revenue from ginseng beverage business.

We own the
production plant.&nbsp;&nbsp;The plant is certified by the Chinese government as a Good Manufacturing Process facility
 which
is required for our production of these products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Good Manufacturing Process standards cover organization and personnel
building and facilities
 equipment
 materials
 hygiene and sanitation
 validation
 documentation
 production management
 quality
management
 production distribution and recall
 complaints and adverse reactions report
 and self-inspections.



We intend
to recruit one general distributor for our products of ginseng beverage and wine in every city in China.&nbsp;&nbsp;The city level
distributor can recruit the second level distributors.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition to recruiting general distributors
 in some major
cities
 Jilin Huamei will establish sale branch offices to facilitate the local sales. Our direct sale will target at customers
of high end retailers such as supermarkets
 pharmacies
 hotels
 gift shops
 entertainment centers
 tourists attractions
 airport
and high speed trains
 etc.

Furthermore
Hong Kong Huaxia was set up as a part of our adjusted marketing strategy so that we can explore the Asia Market through Hong Kong
Huaxia while Jilin Huamei focuses on domestic sales.

Competitive
environment

The market
for ginseng products&nbsp;and wine is highly competitive. Our operations may be affected by technological advances by competitors
industry consolidation
 patents granted to competitors
 competitive combination products
 new products offered by our competitors
as well as new information provided by other marketed products and/or other post-market studies.

Discussion
of Result of Operations

The following
tables present certain consolidated statement of operations information. Financial information is presented for the year ended
June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.



    

 2014

 2013
    
    

    
2
610
024
3
563
165
(953
141
    

    
2
089
423
2
671
572
(582
149
    

    
520
601
891
593
(370
992
    


general and administrative expenses
1
839
780
1
330
146
509
634
    

    
2
537
697
842
946
1
694
751
    

    
77
909
82
240
4
331
    

    
24
905
    
24
905
    

    
    
1
227
979
(1
227
979
    

    
802
232
251
790
338
836
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(802
496
802
496
    

    
(4
761
922
(3
646
004
(1
115
918
    




    
    







    

 2014 Revenue
    

 2013 Revenue
    
    
    

    Dollar Variance
    

    
821
534
    
1
924
109
    
(26
630
    
(1
102
575
    

    
1
661
238
    
1
247
108
    
(16
462
    
414
130
    

    
    
    
71
263
    
    
    
(71
263
    

    
    
    
2
618
    
    
    
(2
618
    

    
50
450
    
318
067
    
(1
764
    
(267
617
    

    
76
802
    
    
    
    
    
76
802
    

    
2
610
024
    
3
563
165
    
    
    
(953
141
    


Our total
revenue decreased from $3
563
165 for the year ended June 30
 2013 to $2
610
024 for the year ended June 30
 2014
 a decrease
of $953
141 or 27%. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease of the sales of self-production ginseng
 wine
 ginseng beverage
and Aoweisi Cosmetic.

The sales
revenue from our ginseng production includes our own farming production and ginseng purchased from the farmers who leased land
from us
 collectively referred as our grown ginseng.&nbsp;&nbsp;For the year ended June 30
 2014
 the sales of our grown ginseng
decreased by $1
102
575 or 57%
 compared to the year ended June 30
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The decrease of sale s revenue was caused
by significant decrease of quantity we sold to the market.

In August
2012
 the typhoon &quot;Bolaven&quot;&nbsp;landed at Mudanjiang Ginseng Farm causing a significant loss on our own ginseng production.
As a result of the typhoon damage
 the ginseng we harvested in fiscal year 2014 from Yanbian Huaxing was not qualified as raw
material to make ginseng juice and we had to sell to the market. The Typhoon also caused harvested ginseng for the year ended
June 30
 2014 to decrease by&nbsp;26
630kg.



    
    


Although
the damage caused by the typhoon will reduce the production of our grown ginseng leading&nbsp;&nbsp;our ginseng juice production
to be more dependent on outside sources for raw material supplies
 &nbsp;we believe&nbsp;this damage should not have a significant
impact on our ginseng beverage business due to the following reasons: 1) our current inventory for stored high quality fresh ginseng
enables us to produce approximately one million cans of ginseng juice; 2) we did not have any sales of ginseng juice due to short
cash to produce ginseng juice and only sold 5113 boxes (59
477 cans) of ginseng juice during the years ended June 30
 2014 and
2013
 respectively.&nbsp;We do not foresee it will exceed one million cans of ginseng during the year of 2015; 3) in the past
high quality ginseng purchased from the outside farmers has been a major source of raw material supplies for our ginseng juice
production and we will continue purchasing ginseng from outside sources for ginseng juice production based on our production needs;
and 4) we maintain good relationships with ginseng farmers and are well known in local ginseng industry. We have not encountered
any difficulty and do not expect&nbsp;any in purchasing high quality ginseng from outside sources.

On the other
hand
 resale revenue of ginseng we purchased from the open market based on our major customers&rsquo; orders increased from $1
247
108
for the year ended June 30
 2013 to $1
661
238 for the year ended June 30
 2014
 an increase of $414
130 or 33%. The increase
was mainly caused by the increased resale price we sold to the major customers. The average resale price of the purchased ginseng
increased by $68/Kg
 or 180% during the year ended June 30
 2014
 compared to the year ended June 30
 2014.

There was
no ginseng juice sale for the year ended June 30
 2014 because we were not able to produce any ginseng juice due to very limited
cash flow issue. However
 the Company is going to raise capital from outside investors to fund the production and we plan to 1)
adjust our marketing strategy of ginseng beverages by applying a new reduced size ginseng beverage in the fiscal year 2014; 2)
enhance Hong Kong Huaxia sales force through training classes and/or hiring more experienced sales person; 3) adjust our online
shopping platform to make it easier to access
 and more convenient for customers; and 4) looking for the opportunity to work with
other beverage company.

We believe
that we will be able to raise the capital to make ginseng juice and improve the sale of ginseng beverages through the above changes
and expect that sales of ginseng beverage will rise to 70% of our revenue in the next five years. However
 there is no assurance
that our sales of ginseng beverage will meet our expectation as the market conditions may change.

The
remaining 5% of our revenue for the year ended June 30
 2014 was generated from resale Ruiersui capsules of $76
802 and Aoweisi
cosmetic of $50
450
 respectively. Those two products were sold through Hong Kong Huaxia based on consumers&rsquo; special orders.
We do not expect this to be a major source of our revenue in the future.

Cost
of Goods Sold



    
30-Jun-14
    Cost of goods Sold
%&nbsp;of
    total cost of goods sold
30-Jun-13
    Cost of good sold
%
    of total&nbsp;cost of goods sold
2014-2013
    Variance Quantity
2014-2013
    Variance Of Unit&nbsp;Price
2014-2013
    Dollar Variance
%
    Change

Ginseng
    (production)
713
315
    
1
427
154
    
(26
630
    
(713
839
    

Ginseng
    (purchase)
1
368
177
    
1
126
869
    
(16
462
    
241
308
    

Ginseng
    Beverage production
    
    
71
598
    
    
    
(71
598
    

wine
    production
    
    
1
336
    
    
    
(1
336
    

Aoweisi
    Cosmetic Product
1
836
    
44
615
    
(1
764
    
(42
779
    

Ruiersui
    Capsules
6
095
    
    
    
    
    
6
095
    

    
2
089
423
    
2
671
572
    
    
    
(582
149
    




    
    


Our
total cost of goods sold decreased from $2
671
572 for the year ended June 30
 2013 to $2
089
423 for the year ended June 30
2014
 a decrease of $582
149 or 22%.&nbsp;&nbsp;The mainly reason for the decrease was the cost of own ginseng production.

1. The total
cost of ginseng production decreased from $1
427
154 for the year ended June 30
 2013 to $713
315 for the year ended June 30
2014
 a decrease of $713
839 or 50%. The decrease was mainly caused by the fact that we harvested less ginseng in the fiscal year
ended June 30
 2013 due to the damages on our farm lands from a typhoon in August 2012. Therefore
 we had a less variable cost
such as labor cost on harvest ginseng in the year ended June 30
 2014.

2.
The cost of resale of purchased ginseng increased from $1
126
869 for the year ended June 30
 2013 to $1
368
177 for the year
ended June 30
 2014. The increased purchasing cost was primarily due to the overall increase of price in the ginseng market.

Cost of
Sales as a percentage of revenue increased by 5% in the year ended June 30
 2014 as compared to the year ended June 30
 2013.
The increase was primarily due to the increase of cost of goods sold attributable to purchased ginseng as compared to the fiscal
year of&nbsp;2013.

Gross
Profit

The gross
profit decreased from $891
593 for the year ended June 30
 2013 to $520
601 for the year ended June 30
 2014
 a decrease of $370
992
or 42%. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in our overall product sales and our product mix.

Selling
General and Administration Expenses

Selling
general and administrative expenses increased from $1
330
146 for the year ended June 30
 2013 to $1
839
780 for the year ended
June 30
 2014
 an increase of $509
634
 or 38%. The increase in 2014 was due to the increase in our operation expense from Yanbian
Huaxing
 such as salary for the workers who clear purchased ginseng.

Bad
Debt Expense

The
allowance for doubtful accounts represents management&rsquo;s estimate of the amount of probable credit losses
 determined
by reviewing past due balances and other information.&nbsp;&nbsp;The bad debt expense increased by $1
694
751
or 201% from
$842
946 for the year ended June 30
 2013 to $2
537
697 for the year ended June 30
 2014. The increase in bad debt expense in
2014 was due to the determination that certain past due receivables from 2013 were uncollectible.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Depreciation
and Amortization

Depreciation
and amortization was $77
909 for the year ended June 30
 2014
 compared to $82
240 for the year ended June 30
 2013
 a decrease
of $4
331 or 5%.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Impairment
of Investment

During
the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Company determined its&rsquo; investment in Changchun Zhongshen Beverage Co. Ltd. was impaired
as it ceased operations. As such
 the Company recorded an impairment loss of $24
905 for the year ended June 30
 2014.



    
    


Impairment
of Ginseng Crops

In
August 2012
 a typhoon struck the Mudanjiang Ginseng Farm destroying approximately 112
000 square meters of planted ginseng
having an approximate value of $1
227
979. This loss was charged to operations during the year ended June 30
2013.

Interest
Expense

Our interest
expense increased by $550
442
 from $251
790 for the year ended June 30
 2013 to $802
232 for the year ended June 30
 2014
 representing
a 219% increase.&nbsp;&nbsp;Interest expense includes an amount for imputed interest relating to non-interest bearing loans to
related parties aggregating&nbsp;$108
548 and $128
008 for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The increase
in&nbsp;interest expense was due to a new loan of Hong Kong Huaxia of $5
928
042 and an increase in other loans of $1
931
619.&nbsp;

Income
Tax Expense

There is
no income tax expense for the year ended June 30
 2014.

Net
Loss

As
a result of the above factors
 net loss was $4
761
922 for the year ended June 30
 2014
 an increase of $1
115
918 or 31%
 as
compared to the net loss of $3
646
004 for the year ended June 30
 2013.

Other
Comprehensive Income

We operate
primarily in the PRC and the functional currency of our operating subsidiary is the Chinese Renminbi (&ldquo;RMB&rdquo;).&nbsp;&nbsp;The
RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;No
representation is intended to imply that the Renminbi amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted
 realized or settled into
USD at the rate on June 30
 2014 or at any other rate.

The value
of RMB against U.S. dollar may fluctuate and is affected by changes in political and economic conditions. Our revenues
 costs
and financial assets are mostly dominated in RMB while our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. Accordingly
 this may result
in gains or losses from currency translation on our financial statements.

Translation
adjustments resulting from this process amounted to $211
796 and&nbsp;$(169
400) for the year ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&nbsp;And
we have comprehensive loss of $4
550
126 and $3
815
404 for the year ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. &nbsp;The assets&nbsp;and
liabilities&nbsp;amounts with the exception of equity&nbsp;for the year ended June 30
 2014 were translated at 6.15280&nbsp;RMB
to 1.00 USD as compared to 6.1787 RMB to 1.00 USD for the year ended June 30
 2013. The equity accounts were stated at their historical
rate. The average translation rates applied to the income statements accounts for the year ended June 30
 2014 and 2013 were 6.14350
RMB&nbsp;and 6.27968 RMB
 respectively.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

Liquidity
is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations
 satisfy its obligations and otherwise
operate on an ongoing basis. We have historically financed our operation and capital expenditures through loans from related parties
including officers
 directors and other shareholders of the Company and have raised capital through a Regulation S private placement
as well. Our current activities are related to developing our new business strategy the sale of&nbsp;Ginseng juice and wine products.



    
    


As
of June 30
 2014
 we had working capital deficit of $11
616
962 compared to a working capital deficit of $1
223
760 as of June
30
 2013.

As of June
30
 2014
 there was no change in our loan payments compared with June 30
 2013 since the loans remained constant. As of June 30
2014
 we had an outstanding loan of 2
000
000 RMB (about $316
211) to Ji&rsquo;An Qingshi Credit Cooperatives (&ldquo;Ji&rsquo;An
Qingshi&rdquo;). The principal terms of the loan are as follows:



    
    
Type
    of Loan: Short Term Agriculture Loan

    
    
    

    
    
Loan
    Purpose: Planting

    
    
    

    
    
Loan
    Amount: Principal of 2
000
000 RMB (about USD $316
211) with an annual interest of 6.325%

    
    
    

    
    
Loan
    Period:&nbsp;&nbsp;From February 4
 2002 to February 4
 2003; Repayment due date was February 4
 2003

    
    
    

    
    
Security:
    The loan is secured by assets of Tonghua including 14 carbon-steel storage cans; 16 high-speed steel&nbsp;&nbsp;storage cans
    and 150 tons of grape juice


We
have not paid any principal or interest of the loan; however
 Ji&rsquo;An Qingshi verbally agreed in March 2008&nbsp;not to call
the loan. The material terms for the verbal agreement are: No principal or interest payments are required to be made until the
Company is generating profits and&nbsp;interest continues to accrue until we repay the loan.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;On June 27
 2013
the Company decided to dispose of the assets and liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan to a third party and plans to close Tonghua Linyuan.
The Company has retained $508
347 in contingent liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan for the year ended June 30
 2014.

On August
30
&nbsp;&nbsp;2012
 we refinanced the 8 million RMB bank loan which we obtained from Meihekou City Rural Credit Union on November
8
 2010 by a new loan of 8 million RMB (approximately USD $1
300
221) from the same lender.&nbsp;&nbsp;The principal terms of
the new 8 million RMB bank loan agreements are as follows:



    
    
Parties:
Jilin Ganzhi Ginseng Products Co.
 Ltd (&ldquo;Jilin Ganzhi&rdquo;) and Meihekou City Rural Credit Union (&ldquo;Meihekou Credit
Union&rdquo;);

    
    
    

    
    
Meihekou Credit
    Union granted a loan of 8 million RMB (approximately USD $ 1
264
842 ) to Jilin Ganzhi to be used in calling in and refunding
    and the term of the loan is 24 months from August 30
 2012 to August 29
 2014&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
The
loan carries a benchmark interest rate is the rate announced by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China as an interest rate of same type
and class of loans at the date of the loan and&nbsp;changes with the adjustment of national bank rate.&nbsp;&nbsp;Meihekou Credit
Union calculates the interest on a monthly basis applying this annual floating rate which is payable on the 21st day of each month.
We paid interest of 94
127 RMB (about USD $ 14
838) on August 21
 2012. And from September
 2012 to June 30
 2013
 we have not
paid interest and we plan to pay all outstanding interest when we have sufficient cash. For the year ended June 30
 2014
 we paid
$154
635 in accrued interest.

    
    
    

    
    
Repay the principal
    by installments according to the following repayment plan: principal payment of RMB1M (approximately USD $162
528) on September
    20
 2012
 RMB 1M (approximately USD $162
528) on August 29
 2013
 RMB 1M (approximately USD $162
528) on December 20
 2013
    and RMB 5M (approximately USD $812
637) on August 29
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The payments due in September 2012
 August 2013 and
    December 2013 were not made by the Company and the note is thus in default. 


As of June
30
 2014
 there was no change in our loan payments compared to June 30
 2013
 since the loans remained constant.&nbsp;&nbsp;Since
the lender
 Ji&rsquo;An Qingshi Credit Cooperative has verbally agreed not to call the loan
 we can repay this loan at our own
discretion when funds are available. Thus
 the debt in Tonghua Linyuan acquisition will not have impact on our liquidity and capital
resource before we start to repay the lender.



    
    


On
October 29
 2013
 the Company borrowed $5
929
461 (RMB 36
474
054) in order to fund the acquisition of machinery and equipment
by the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan term was to February 28
 2014
 and the Company is to pay $211
606 (RMB 1
300
000) in interest
over the life of the loan.&nbsp;&nbsp; The loan is secured by the assets of Jilin Huaxia

The
Company has loans with various individuals and finance companies totaling $1
984
219 (RMB 12
208
500). These loans have various
maturity dates ranging from on demand to June 30
 2014. The loans bear interest at 3% per annum.

As
of June 30
 2014 and 2013
 we had notes payable of approximately $1
389
124 and $1
279
982 to related parties
 respectively. These
amounts are mainly due to the working capital demands of the business. Most of these related parties&nbsp;are our individual shareholders
or immediate family members of our&nbsp;shareholders and friends of our shareholders.&nbsp;&nbsp;The individuals loaned us funds
which are interest free
 which have no specific repayment date&nbsp;and are unsecured.&nbsp;&nbsp;The funds received are evidenced
by receipt of cash acknowledgments.&nbsp;&nbsp;

As of June
30
 2014
 we had no material commitments for capital expenditures other than for those expenditures incurred in the ordinary course
of business. We plan to fund operations and capital expenditures with cash from operations
 as well as loans from major shareholders
and management members and their affiliates.&nbsp;We might also pursue additional financings in the form of debt
 equity or convertible
security offerings. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such additional financing at acceptable terms to
us
 or at all.

Discussion
of Cash Flow

Cash flows
results for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013 are summarized as following:



    

 

 

    
(2
275
429
108
478

    
(5
929
461
(13
497

    
8
001
172
17
545


Operating
activities

Cash
flows used in operating activities is&nbsp;&nbsp;$2
275
429 for the year ended June 30
 2014
 compared to the cash flows of $108
478&nbsp;provided
by operating activities for the year ended June 30
 2013. This change was due to&nbsp;the net losses of $4
761
922
 in addition
to an increase in accounts receivable of $680
426 and decreased in payment received in advance of $136
007. These amounts were
offset by a bad debt expense of $2
051
386
 a decrease in ginseng crops of $675
246 and a decrease in prepaid expense amount of
$273
801.

The
increase in accounts receivable was primarily due to the temporarily uncollected amount from the sales of ginseng held by Yanbian
Huaxing. The decrease in ginseng crops was due to the harvesting and sale of the majority of the Company&rsquo;s remaining ginseng
in 2014
 without significant planting.

The
bad debt expense was due to the determination that certain past due receivables from 2013 were uncollectible.&nbsp;&nbsp;A decrease
in payment received in advance and a decrease in prepaid expense was due to decreased sales on farming ginseng and Aoweisi cosmetic
products.

Investing
activities

Cash
flows used in investing activities amounted to $5
929
461 for the year ended June 30
 2014
 which consisted of a deposit
made on the purchase of equipment of $5
929
461. During the six months ended December 31
 2013
&nbsp;&nbsp;Hong Kong Huaxia
borrowed a short term loan of $6
065
932 to invest in Jinlin Huaxia so that Jinlin Huaxia can use the fund to
purchase&nbsp;&nbsp;an irrigation system
 a temperature control system
 and two CNC machine tools for our operation use. The
loan term is to December 28
 2014 and secured by $5
929
461 the assets of Jinlin Huaxia Cash flows provided by investing
activities amounted to $13
497&nbsp;for the year ended June 30
 2013
 which consisted of a purchase of office equipment of
$2
689 and return of investment in unconsolidated businesses of $16
186.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In July 2012
 the Company purchased
a cell phone for sales department;&nbsp;in April 2013
 the Company purchased a computer for Hong Kong Huaxia; and in January
2013
 the Company withdrew the investment made on September 25
 2011 because Jilin Province Jiliang Beverage Investment Co
Ltd could not provide register fund into the Company.



    
    


Financing
activities

Cash
flows provided by financing activities for the year ended June30
 2014 was $8
001
172
 primarily proceeds from a loans payable
of $7
859
661 and proceeds from loans payable to related parties of $141
511.

Our
cash flows provided by financing activities for the year ended June 30
 2013 was $17
545
 from loans payable to related parties.&nbsp;

Going
Concern 

As
indicated in the accompanying financial statements
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $14
169
335 at June 30
 2014
 a
working capital deficit of $11
616
962 at June 30
 2014 and there are existing uncertain conditions the Company foresees relating
to its ability to obtain working capital and operate successfully. Management&rsquo;s plans include the raising of capital through
the equity markets to fund future operations and the generating of revenue through its businesses. Failure to raise adequate capital
and generate adequate sales revenues could result in the Company having to curtail or cease operations.

Additionally
even if the Company does raise sufficient capital to support its operating expenses and generate adequate revenues
 there can
be no assurances that the revenues will be sufficient to enable it to develop business to a level where it will generate profits
and cash flows from operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue
as a going concern.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern
basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.&nbsp;&nbsp;These
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.

ITEM
7A&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK





    
    



ITEM 8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30
 2014 and 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for Years Ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    




Report of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board
of Directors
China Ginseng
Holdings
 Inc. and Subsidiaries
Changchun
City
 China

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. and Subsidiaries as of June 30
 2014
and 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss
 stockholders&rsquo; deficit and cash flows
for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. and Subsidiaries management
is responsible for these consolidated financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting
as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
 we express no such
opinion.&nbsp;&nbsp;An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position
of China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. and Subsidiaries as of June 30
 2014 and 2013
 and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30
 2014
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.
As discussed in Note A to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company has incurred an accumulated deficit of $14
169
335
since inception
 has a working capital deficit of $11
616
962
 and there are existing uncertain conditions the Company faces relative
to its ability to obtain working capital and operate successfully.&nbsp;&nbsp;These conditions raise substantial doubt about its&rsquo;
ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans regarding these matters are also discussed in Note A.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/s/
Cowan
 Gunteski &amp; Co.
 P.A.
October
15
 2014
Tinton Falls
NJ&nbsp;





    
    
    
    
    
    

    
40 Bey Lea Road
 Suite A101
    
    
    
    



Member
of CPAmerica International




    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS



    



    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
24
782
19
454

    
1
077
506
2
448
466

    
233
412
263
661

    
11
900
37
355

    
73
745
347
546

    
1
421
345
3
116
482


 net of accumulated depreciation of $447
749&nbsp;and&nbsp;&nbsp;$369
254 at June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
1
458
558
1
530
390

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
929
461
    

    
6
721
681
967


 net of accumulated amortization of $15
286 and $13
404&nbsp;at June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
2
975
4
780

    
    
24
762

    
1
231
8
850

    
8
820
291
5
367
231

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    
1
300
221
485
540

    
5
928
042
    

    
1
984
219
52
600

    
1
389
124
1
279
982

    
1
768
153
1
687
529

    
334
372
286
925

    
72
505
149
988

    
261
671
397
678

    
13
038
307
4
340
242

    
    
    


 net of current amount
    
809
231

    
873
964
870
300

    
510
487
508
347

    
14
422
758
6
528
120

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 44
397
297 shares issued and outstanding at&nbsp;June&nbsp;30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
44
398
44
398

    
7
606
599
7
498
051

    
(14
169
335
(9
407
413

    
915
871
704
075

    
(5
602
467
(1
160
889

    
    
    

    
8
820
291
5
367
231


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
610
024
3
563
165

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
089
423
2
671
572


 general and administrative expenses
1
839
780
1
330
146

    
2
537
697
842
946

    
77
909
82
240

    
24
905
    

    
    
1
227
979

    
6
569
714
6
154
883

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
802
232
251
790

    
802
232
251
790

    
    
    

    
(4
761
922
(2
843
508

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(4
761
922
(2
843
508

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
695
818

    
    
(1
498
314

    
    
(802
496

    
    
    

    
(4
761
922
(3
646
004

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
211
796
(169
400

    
    
    

    
(4
550
126
(3
815
404

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
44
397
297
44
397
297


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(4
761
922
(3
646
004

    
    
802
496

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
86
644
82
241

    
    
2
589

    
    
1
227
979

    
24
762
    

    
2
051
386
842
946

    
108
548
128
008

    
    
    

    
(680
426
(1
929
103

    
30
249
166
112

    
273
801
(28
930

    
(6
914
148
707

    
    
196
332

    
675
246
644
646

    
7
619
165
218

    
80
624
662
823

    
(77
483
(148
465

    
(136
007
193
536

    
    
307
449

    
47
447
96
297

    
(2
275
429
(85
123

    
    
193
601

    
(2
275
429
108
478

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(5
929
461
    

    
    
16
186

    
    
(2
689

    
(5
929
461
13
497

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
859
661
    

    
141
511
17
545

    
8
001
172
17
545

    
    
    

    
209
046
(144
153

    
    
    

    
5
328
(4
633

    
    
    

    
19
454
24
087

    
    
    

    
24
782
19
454


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS



    
June 30


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
154
635
    

    
    
    


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 June 30
 2012
44
397
297
44
398
7
370
043
(5
761
409
873
475
2
526
507

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
128
008
    
    
128
008

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2013
    
    
    
(3
646
004
    
(3
646
004

    
    
    
    
    
(169
400
(169
400

    
 June 30
 2013
44
397
297
44
398
7
498
051
(9
407
413
704
075
(1
160
889

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
108
548
    
    
108
548

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2014
    
    
    
(4
761
922
    
(4
761
922

    
    
    
    
    
211
796
211
796


 June 30
 2014
44
397
297
44
398
7
606
599
(14
169
335
915
871
(5
602
467


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE A &ndash;
NATURE OF BUSINESS
 PRESENTATION AND GOING CONCERN

Nature
of Business

China
Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 was incorporated under the laws of Nevada on June 24
 2004.

On
November 24
 2004
 the Company acquired 55% of Yanbian Huaxing Ginseng Industry Co. Limited (&ldquo;Yanbian Huaxing&rdquo;)
 which
is located in China and
 is in the business of farming
 processing
 distribution
 and marketing of Asian Ginseng.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
company utilizes the Ginseng harvest to produce a Ginseng beverage and buys Ginseng for the resale market.&nbsp;&nbsp;On November
24
 2005
 the Company acquired the remaining 45% of Yanbian Huaxing.

Yanbian
Huaxing controls
 through 20 year leases granted by the Chinese Government
 approximately 1
500 hectors (3
705 acres) of land
used to grow ginseng.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company had no operations prior to November 24
 2004. These leases expire through 2024. During
the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forestry Bureau governing one of the farms approximating 700 hectors (1
730 acres) of land leased
by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing
and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.

On
August 24
 2005
 the Company acquired Jilin Ganzhi Ginseng Produce Co. Limited
 whose principal business is the manufacture of
Ginseng drinks.

On
October 19
 2005
 the Company incorporated a new company
 Jilin Huamei Beverage Co. Limited (&ldquo;Jilin Huamei&rdquo;).

On
March 31
 2008 the Company acquired Tonghua Linyuan Grape Planting Co. Limited (&ldquo;Tonghua Linyuan&rdquo;) whose principal
activity was the growing
 cultivation and harvesting of a grape vineyard. The Company plans to produce wine and grape juice but
to date has not commenced production. As of June 30
 2012
 Tonghua Linyuan leased 750 acres of land on which the grapes were planted.&nbsp;&nbsp;In
June 2012
 the Company decided to abandon the growing and harvesting of grapes due to the poor quality of recent harvests which
were not suitable for the production of wine or grape juice. Accordingly
 the Company has abandoned the vineyard and recorded
a charge to operations of $872
658. The Company has also decided not to renew its leases with the Chinese Government.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company will now purchase grapes in the open market to produce wine and grape juice.&nbsp;&nbsp;On June 30
 2013
 the Company
sold the assets and liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan to a third party. See Note P.

On
March 2
 2012
 the Company approved the incorporation of a new subsidiary
 Hong Kong Huaxia International Industrial Co.
 Limited
(&ldquo;Hong Kong Huaxia&rdquo;) in Hong Kong in order to sell health and specialized local products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Hong Kong Huaxia
was incorporated in Hong Kong on March 18
 2012 and began operations in April 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;Hong Kong Huaxia has registered
880
000
000 shares of 1 HKD par value stock in Hong Kong.&nbsp;&nbsp;None of the $113
443
000 (880
000
000 HKD) registered capital
of Hong Kong Huaxia has been funded.

On
September 27
 2013
 the Company established a new wholly owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Huaxia
 Jilin Huaxia Ginseng Co.
 Ltd&nbsp;(&ldquo;Jilin
Huaxia&rdquo;) in order to open online store through Taobao Marketplace
 the biggest online Business to Consumer and Consumer
to Consumer platform in Asia
 a subsidiary company of Alibaba Group
 &nbsp;&nbsp;Hong
Kong Huaxia registered capital of $6
000
000 in Jilin Huaxia.


operations are in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China and Hong Kong.

Consolidated
Financial Statements

The
financial statements include the accounts and activities of China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Yanbian
Huaxing Ginseng Co. Limited
 Jilin Huamei Beverage Co. Limited
 Jilin Ganzhi Ginseng Products Co. Limited
 Tonghua Linyuan Grape
Planting Co. Limited and Hong Kong Huaxia International Industrial
 Co. Limited.&nbsp;&nbsp;All intercompany transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE A &ndash;
NATURE OF BUSINESS
 PRESENTATION AND GOING CONCERN (CONTINUED)

Going
Concern

As
indicated in the accompanying financial statements
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $14
169
335 at June 30
 2014
 a
working capital deficit of $11
616
962 at June 30
 2014 and there are existing uncertain conditions the Company foresees relating
to its ability to obtain working capital and operate successfully. Management&rsquo;s plans include the raising of capital through
the equity markets to fund future operations and the generating of revenue through its businesses. Failure to raise adequate capital
and generate adequate sales revenues could result in the Company having to curtail or cease operations.

Additionally
even if the Company does raise sufficient capital to support its operating expenses and generate adequate revenues
 there can
be no assurances that the revenues will be sufficient to enable it to develop business to a level where it will generate profits
and cash flows from operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue
as a going concern.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern
basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.&nbsp;&nbsp;These
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.

NOTE B &ndash;
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Use of
Estimates

The
preparation of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.&nbsp;&nbsp;Actual
results could differ from those estimates.

Foreign
Currency Translation

The
Company considers the Chinese Renminbi to be its functional currency.&nbsp;&nbsp; Assets and liabilities were translated into
US dollars at period-end exchange rates.&nbsp;&nbsp;Statement of operations amounts were translated using the average rate during
the period.&nbsp;&nbsp;Gains and losses resulting from translating foreign currency financial statements are included in accumulated
other comprehensive income
 a separate component of stockholders&rsquo; deficit.

Cash
Equivalents

For
purposes of reporting cash flows
 cash equivalents include investment instruments purchased with an original maturity of three
months or less.&nbsp;&nbsp;There were no cash equivalents at June 30
 2014 and 2013.



Inventory
consists of fresh and dried Ginseng
 ginseng drinks and supplies and is stated at the lower of cost or market value.&nbsp;&nbsp;Cost
is determined using the First-In
 First-Out (FIFO) Method.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE B &ndash;
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)



The
Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. For the year ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 advertising expenses were $0 and $1
035
respectively.

Ginseng
Crops

The
Company uses the full absorption costing method to value its Ginseng crops.&nbsp;&nbsp;Included in crop costs are seeds
 labor
applicable overhead including depreciation
 and supplies. Common costs are allocated in each period based upon the total number
of hectors under cultivation during the period.

The
carrying value of the Ginseng crops is reviewed on a regular basis for any impairment in value using management&rsquo;s best estimate
as to expected future market values
 yields and costs to harvest.&nbsp;&nbsp;Costs accumulated on the acres expected to be harvested
during the next fiscal year have been classified as a current asset.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company processes Ginseng and stores the stock for its Ginseng juice production.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any grown Ginseng not suitable for
the beverage production is sold.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company is also purchasing Ginseng for its resale business. Ginseng is planted
in the Spring (March) and Fall (September) of each year and is generally harvested in September. It usually takes 6 years for
a Ginseng root to mature
 although
 senior maturity can be 8 years.

Harvested
Ginseng can be sold in two ways: (1) fresh Ginseng which can be sold immediately and stored in refrigerators for up to 3 years
and (2) dried Ginseng which is processed and dried via sunlight and steam machines. Drying is a two month process.&nbsp;&nbsp;Dried
Ginseng can be stored up to 5 years. The Company has also been storing fresh Ginseng for future juice manufacturing.

When
the Company sells Ginseng
 it receives orders prior to harvest.&nbsp;&nbsp;For large orders
 approximately 20% to 30% is paid
upon delivery as payment in advance.&nbsp;&nbsp;The balance is billed after the customer incurs a lengthy inspection process which
can take up to 60 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;Until the customer finalizes its inspection and deems the shipment acceptable
 the shipment
is still the property of the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;Upon customer completion of inspection and approval
 the sale is then recognized
and the balance of the invoice price is wired to the Company. For smaller orders
 customers pick up the Ginseng from the Company
pay in cash at time of pick up and receive an invoice with appropriate sales tax applied and a cash acknowledgement. On these
orders
 revenue is recognized upon shipment/payment. During the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 no orders were subject to
the inspection process.

The
Company has entered into several distribution agreements to sell Ginseng juice and wine.&nbsp;&nbsp;In accordance with these agreements
the distributors will advance funds to the Company for orders to be placed.&nbsp;&nbsp;Upon the placement of orders by the distributor
the Company will ship the product to the distributor and title will pass to the distributor.&nbsp;&nbsp;In relation to distribution
agreements for Ginseng beverages
 it is the Company&rsquo;s policy
 commencing with the initiation of the distribution agreements
to allow the distributors to return all unsold products at the end of six months from the shipment date should the product not
be sold and the product has not exceeded the expiration date.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company is establishing history as to the quantity
of the Ginseng which has been returned in order to determine if a reserve for returns and allowances is necessary.&nbsp;&nbsp;To
date
 returns have been minimal.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE B &ndash;
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Revenue
Recognition (Continued)

For
each reporting period
 the Company&nbsp;ascertains from each distributor its&rsquo; current on hand quantity and assesses the
situation in order to establish a return allowance
 if necessary.&nbsp;&nbsp;At June 30
 2014
 no inventory was held on consignment.
At June 30
 2014 and 2013
 no amounts were sold on consignment.

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

The
allowance for doubtful accounts represents management&rsquo;s estimate of the amount of probable credit losses
 determined by
reviewing past due balances and other information.&nbsp;&nbsp;Account balances are written off against the allowance if management
determines the receivable is uncollectible.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company&rsquo;s standard terms stipulate payment in 60 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company considers a receivable to be uncollectible after one year.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Property
and Equipment

Property
and equipment is recorded at cost and is depreciated using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective
assets
 as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


Routine
maintenance
 repairs and replacement costs are expensed as incurred and improvements that extend the useful life of the assets
are capitalized.&nbsp;&nbsp;When equipment is sold or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are
eliminated from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in operations.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE B &ndash;
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Net Loss
Per Common Share

The
 (EPS) which requires presentation
of basic and diluted EPS.&nbsp;&nbsp;Basic EPS is computed by dividing the income (loss) available to Common Stockholders by the
weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period.&nbsp;&nbsp;Diluted EPS is based on the weighted-average number
of shares of Common Stock and Common Stock equivalents outstanding during the periods.

Comprehensive
Income

The
Company follows ASC 220-10


of comprehensive income in addition to net income from operations. Comprehensive income is a more inclusive financial reporting
methodology that includes disclosure of information that historically has not been recognized in the calculation of net income.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable and accounts payable
approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments.

Income
Taxes

The
Company accounts for income taxes utilizing the liability method of accounting.&nbsp;&nbsp;Under the liability method
 deferred
taxes are determined based on differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted tax rates
in effect in years in which differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce
deferred tax assets to amounts that are expected to be ultimately realized.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE B &ndash;
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Uncertainty
in Income Taxes

The
 (&ldquo;ASC 740-10&rdquo;).&nbsp;&nbsp;This interpretation
requires recognition and measurement of uncertain income tax positions using a &ldquo;more-likely-than-not&rdquo; approach.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management
evaluates their tax positions on an annual basis
 and has determined that as of June 30
 2014 and 2013
 no additional accrual
for income taxes other than the foreign
 federal and state provisions and related interest and estimated penalty accruals are
considered necessary.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets

Long-lived
assets
 primarily property and equipment
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include
a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset
 a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset
is used
 or a significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets is not recoverable.&nbsp;&nbsp;For
long-lived assets to be held and used
 the Company recognizes an impairment loss only if its carrying amount is not recoverable
through its undiscounted cash flows and measures the impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and estimated
fair value.

Fair
Value Measurements

ASC
 defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted
accounting principles
 and expands disclosure about fair value measurements.&nbsp;&nbsp;ASC issued 825-10

Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities-Including an Amendment of ASC 320-10

which permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value at specified election
dates.&nbsp;&nbsp;A business entity is required to report unrealized gains and losses on items for which the fair value option
has been elected in earnings at each subsequent reporting date.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
).&rdquo; The new guidance
provides new criteria for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect
the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance requires
expanded disclosures to provide greater insight into both revenue that has been recognized and revenue that is expected to be
recognized in the future from existing contracts. Quantitative and qualitative information will be provided about the significant
judgments and changes in those judgments that management made to determine the revenue that is recorded. The standard will be
effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016. Early adoption
is not permitted. The Company is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and has not determined the impact of the adoption
of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
Subtopic
205-40).
about an entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Management&rsquo;s
evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial
statements are issued. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after
December&nbsp;15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and has
not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE C -
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property
and equipment is comprised of the following at:



    



    
    
    

    
1
462
749
1
456
618

    
388
159
387
826

    
30
307
30
179

    
25
092
25
021

    
1
906
307
1
899
644

    
(447
749
(369
254

    
1
458
558
1
530
390


Substantially
all of the property and equipment is located in China.

Total
Depreciation was $77
077 and $83
041 for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&nbsp;Depreciation is recorded in
the financial statements as follows:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
76
080
80
452

    
    
2
589

    
77
077
83
041


Depreciation
expense is included within Depreciation and amortization on the consolidated Statements of Operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;Capitalized
Inventory and Ginseng Crops are included within the respective balances on the consolidated Balance Sheets.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE D &ndash;DEPOSIT
FOR EQUIPMENT PURCHASE

In
November of 2013
 the Company made a deposit of $5
929
461 (RMB 36
474
054) with a supplier for the purchase of equipment for
the Companies ginseng farms. Prior to delivery of the equipment
 the Company determined that this equipment was not best suited
for its&rsquo; farms and cancelled the purchase. The deposit remains on hand with the supplier. The Company and supplier and negotiating
for the delivery of different equipment or the return of the deposit.



Inventory
is comprised of the following at:



    



    
    
    

    
226
130
213
209

    
2
911
46
100

    
4
371
4
352

    
233
412
263
661


At
June 30
 2014 and 2013 there were no shipments of Ginseng at customer locations awaiting inspection and approval that would be
subject to invoicing.

In
March of 2013
 the Company determined that the grape juice inventory held at Tonghua is no longer saleable.&nbsp;&nbsp;As such
the Company&nbsp;wrote off inventory with a value of 8
855
286 RMB (US$ 1
410
149) at June 30
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;Such amount is
included within Discontinued Operations on the Statement of Operations.

NOTE F &ndash;
INVESTMENTS

In
December 2010
 the Company invested $24
868 (RMB 153
000) in Changchun Zhongshen Beverage Co. Ltd. (&ldquo;Zhongshen&rdquo;).
This investment represented a 17% interest in Zhonghsen. Zhongshen is a retailer of ginseng juice and wine. The Company accounts
for this investment utilizing the cost method. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Company determined this investment was
impaired as Zhonghsen ceased operations. As such
 the Company recorded an impairment loss of $24
905 for the year ended June 30
2014.

In
September 2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with three other companies to establish a new entity
 Jilin Province Jiliang
Beverage Investment Management Co.
 Ltd (&ldquo;Jilin Jiliang&rdquo;). The purpose of Jilin Jiliang is to provide investment and
project consultation. Under the agreement
 the Company was required to invest a total of $81
264 (RMB 500
000) for a 10% interest
in Jilin Jiliang by September 25
 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;In September 2011
 the Company invested $16
253 (RMB 100
000) in Jilin Jiliang.
During the year ended June 30
 2013
 Jilin Jiliang returned the $16
253 (RMB 100
000) investment to the Company

NOTE G &ndash;
GINSENG CROPS

The
Company&rsquo;s business
 prior to June 30
 2009
 was primarily to harvest and sell fresh and dried Ginseng.&nbsp;&nbsp;The growth
period takes approximately 5 to 6 years before harvest can commence and up to 8 years for improved harvest and seedling yields.
The Company is changing its business model to utilize the harvested Ginseng to manufacture Ginseng juice and other Ginseng beverages.&nbsp;&nbsp;It
commenced the juice operation in August 2011.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company plants selected areas each year and tracks the costs expended
each year by planting area.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Chinese government owns all the land in China.

Currently
the Company has land grants from the Chinese government for approximately 1
500 hectors of land (approximately 3
705 acres) to
grow Ginseng which were awarded in April and May 2005. These grants are for 20 years and the management of the Company believes
that the grants will be renewed as the grants expire in different areas.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 there are no assurances that the
Chinese government will continue to renew these grants in the future. The planting of new Ginseng is dependent upon the Company&rsquo;s
cash flow and its ability to raise working capital. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forestry Bureau governing one of
the farms approximating 700 hectors (1
730 acres) of land leased by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no
longer recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE G &ndash;
GINSENG CROPS (CONTINUED)

The
Company has planted approximately 287
984 square meters of land. The Company plans to plant
 over the next 5 years
 100
000 square
meters
 representing approximately 20
000 square meters per year. The Company plans on harvesting the existing 2
664 square meters
of ginseng in 2017.&nbsp;&nbsp;

In
August 2012
 a typhoon struck the Mudanjiang Ginseng farm destroying approximately 111
839 square meters of planted ginseng having
an approximate value of RMB 6
754
675 (US$ 1
075
640)
 which was charged as an Impairment loss in the Statement of Operations.

An analysis
of ginseng crop costs is as follows for each of the applicable periods.:



    



    
    
    

    
681
967
2
495
543

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
21
162
381
803

    
    
1
457

    
    
59
701

    
    
81
400

    
    
301
473

    
    
2
589

    
3
399
4
385

    
25
557
832
808

    
    
    

    
    
(1
075
640

    
(700
803
(1
570
744

    
(700
803
(2
646
384

    
    
    

    
6
721
681
967

    
    
    

    
6
721
681
967


The
cost of harvest is calculated by reference to the planting area and the detailed costs maintained for each planting area.&nbsp;&nbsp;Based
upon the square meters planted by area
 a square meter cost is calculated and applied to the square meters harvested
 rendering
a cost of harvest.

For
each financial reporting period
 the Ginseng crop harvested is valued at net realizable value.&nbsp;&nbsp;If the net realizable
value is lower than carrying value
 an impairment charge is made for the difference.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE H &ndash;
AGREEMENTS WITH FARMERS

The
Company has executed agreements with a number of local farmers to grow
 cultivate and harvest Ginseng utilizing the Company&rsquo;s
land grants.&nbsp;&nbsp;The farming contracts commenced in January 2008 and ended in 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;In connection with these
agreements
 the Company (1) leases sections of the Ginseng land grants to the farmers at approximately $1.50 (10 RMB) per square
meter per year
 (2) provides the seeds and fertilizer to the farmers and clears the land of large debris.&nbsp;&nbsp;These costs
are capitalized by the Company and included in the Ginseng Crop inventory
 (3) pays the farmers a management fee of approximately
$0.50 (4.00 RMB) per square meter per year and (4) the farmers are required to produce 2kg of Ginseng for each square meter that
they manage.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company pays the farmers market price for their Ginseng.&nbsp;&nbsp;If the harvest is below 2kg per
square meter
 the difference will be deducted from the total payment for Ginseng purchased.&nbsp;&nbsp;If the harvest produces
more that 2kg per square meter
 the Company pays approximately $3.00 for every extra kilo. The Company records these agreements
on a net basis by individual farmers.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Company has also recorded a payable to the farmers for the net management
fee due to the farmers.&nbsp;&nbsp;The liability at June 30
 2014 and 2013 was $873
964 and $870
300
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
receivable and liability balances for the respective areas will be settled at harvest time when the Company purchases the harvest
at the current market value for Ginseng.

NOTE I -
INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Intangible
assets consist of the patent rights for Ginseng drinks. The cost and related amortization are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
18
261
18
184

    
(15
286
(13
404

    
2
975
4
780


Amortization
expense was $1
829 and $1
789 for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

NOTE J &ndash;
LOAN PAYABLE TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTION

In
2002
 the Company&rsquo;s subsidiary
 Tonghua Linyuan
 borrowed 2
000
000 RMB from Ji&rsquo;an Qingshi Credit Corporation at an
interest rate of 6.325% per annum with a maturity date of April 4
 2003. The loan is currently in default. In March 2008
 the
lender verbally agreed that no principal or interest need be paid until the company is generating profits. Interest has been paid
on the loan through June 30
 2009 and has been accrued in subsequent periods. The loan is secured by the company&rsquo;s inventory
and equipment. The loan balance at
 June 30
 2014 and 2013 is $325
055 and $323
693
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan balance
is included in Liabilities of Discontinued Operations on the accompanying Balance Sheet.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE K &ndash;
NOTE PAYABLE &ndash; BUILDING PURCHASE

On
March 2
 2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with Meihekou Hang Yilk Tax Warehousing Logistics
 an auctioneer
 to
purchase office and warehouse facilities. The purchase price was $1
462
749 (RMB 9
000
000). On June 24
 2011
 the Company
made payment of $81
264 (RMB 500
000) leaving a balance of $1
381
485 (RMB 8
500
000). On September 10
 2011
 the Company
paid 8
000
000 RMB through the proceeds of a loan with Merkekou City Rural Credit Union. The loan was due on August 12
 2012.
The interest rate is a floating rate adjusted upwards by 90%. At June 30
 2012
 the Central Bank Rate was 6.31%. Applying the
adjustment factor yields a rate of 11.989%. The loan is secured by the building. The remaining 500
000 RMB was paid as
follows: (a) 100
000 RMB in December 2010 and (b) 400
000 RMB in June 2011. On August 30
 2012
 the loan was renegotiated
extending the maturity date to August 29
 2014 and requires principal payments of 1
000
000 RMB (USD 162
528) in September
2012; 1
000
000 RMB (USD 162
528) on August 29
 2013; 1
000
000 RMB (USD 162
528) on December 20
 2013 and 5
000
000 RMB (USD
812
637) on August 29
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;None of these payments were not made by the Company and the note is thus in default.

NOTE L &ndash;
NOTE PAYABLE &ndash; EQUIPMENT PURCHASE

On
October 29
 2013
 the Company borrowed $5
929
461 (RMB 36
474
054) in order to fund the acquisition of machinery
and equipment by the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan term was to February 28
 2014
 and the Company was to pay $211
606
(RMB 1
300
000) in interest over the life of the loan.&nbsp;&nbsp; The loan is secured by the assets of Jilin Huaxia.
&nbsp;On March 3
 2014
 the loan term was extended to June 30
 2014 in order to allow for the Company to receive the proceeds
from the deposit made to purchase equipment. The loan has not been repaid and is in default. See Note D for corresponding
deposit for equipment purchase.

NOTE
M &ndash; NOTE PAYABLE &ndash; OTHER

The
Company has loans with various individuals and finance companies totaling $1
984
219 (RMB 12
208
500) at June 30
 2014
and $52
600 (RMB 325
000) at June 30
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;These loans have various maturity dates ranging from on demand to June 30
 2014. The
loans bear interest at 3% per month.

NOTE N -
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The
Company had been financing its operations from loans from individuals
 principally residents of China
 who are deemed to be related
parties because of their ownership interest in the Company (shareholders).&nbsp;&nbsp;The individuals have loaned the Company
funds which are interest free
 have no specific repayment date
 and are unsecured.&nbsp;&nbsp;The funds received are evidenced
by receipt of cash acknowledgments.&nbsp;&nbsp;At June 30
 2014 and June 30
 2013 funds borrowed to fund the current operations
of the Company were $1
389
124 and $1
279
982
 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;In accordance with FASB ASC 835-30
 the Company has imputed
an interest charge of $108
548 and $128
008 which has been recorded in the financial statements for the years ended June 30
 2014
and 2013
 respectively.

At
June 30
 2014 and 2013
 the Company had receivables from related parties aggregating $11
900 and $37
355
 respectively.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE O &ndash;
PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES

Deferred
income taxes are determined using the liability method for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and
income tax basis of the Company&rsquo;s assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are measured based on the tax rates expected
to be in effect when the temporary differences are included in the Company&rsquo;s tax return. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.

Deferred
tax assets consist of the following at:



    



    
    
    

    
1
231
8
850

    
2
567
252
1
376
771

    
(2
567
252
(1
376
771

    
1
231
8
850


The
deferred tax asset is the result of an inventory provision and related reserve. Under Chinese tax laws
 the Company are not entitled
to a deduction for the provision until the inventory is completely discarded. Accordingly
 the liability has been recorded offset
by a deferred tax asset representing a timing difference.

The
Company has a net operating loss carry forward as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
7
361
710
3
730
738

    
2
907
296
1
776
346

    
10
269
006
5
507
084


The
operating losses are available to offset future taxable income. The China net operating loss carryforwards can only be carried
forward for five years and will commence expiring in the year 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company does not file a consolidated tax return
in China. Therefore
 the profitability of the individual Chinese companies will determine the utilization of the carryforward
losses. The U.S. carryforward losses are available to offset future taxable income for the succeeding 20 years and commence expiring
in the year 2027.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE O &ndash;
PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)

The components
of income before taxes are as follows:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
(3
630
972
(2
982
596

    
(1
130
950
(663
408

    
(4
761
922
(3
646
004


The provision
for income taxes consists of the following:




    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


A
reconciliation of the Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate as a percentage of income before taxes and Federal statutory rate for
the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 is as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE P &ndash;
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

On June
30
 2013
 the Company discontinued its' grape production operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company sold the assets and liabilities of
Tonghua Linyuan
 and closed Tonghua Linyuan.&nbsp;&nbsp;The following summarizes the operations of Tonghua Linyuan with the years
ended June 30
 2014 and 2013:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(1
455
858

    
    
(1
455
858

    
    
(42
456

    
    
    

    
    
(1
498
314

    
    
695
818

    
    
(802
496


The Company
has retained $510
487 in contingent liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan.

NOTE Q &ndash;
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

The
Company has employment agreements with various individuals in China. The following summarizes the contractual commitments under
these agreements:



June 30

    

    
53
882

    
43
315

    
20
509

    
117
706


The
Company has one year leases for its corporate offices in China aggregating  200
727 RMB per year (USD $32
673) expiring on
December 31
 2014. The commitments for these leases at June 30
 2014 was 100
364 RMB (USD $16
337).&nbsp;



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE Q &ndash;
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)

The
Chinese government owns all the land in China. Currently
 the Company has grants from the Chinese government for approximately
1
500 hectors of land (3
705 acres) to grow Ginseng. These grants are for 20 years. There is no assurance that the Chinese government
will continue to renew these grants in the future. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forestry Bureau governing one of the
farms approximating 700 hectors (1
730 acres) of land leased by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer
recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.

The
Company had a 15 year lease with the Representative of Group One Farmer
 Si&rsquo;An City
 Qingshi
 Qingshi Town
 Qingshi Village
China to lease 750 acres to grow and harvest grapes.&nbsp;&nbsp;The lease expired December 31
 2014. The annual lease fee is 187
500
RMB or approximately $29
600 per year to lease the acreage.&nbsp;&nbsp;The land and buildings on the premises have a separate
lease concurrent with the property lease. The Company sold this lease as part of the sale of the assets of Tonghua Linyuan.

In
2008
 the Company entered into a 5 year lease to refrigerate and store fresh Ginseng. The annual lease fee approximates $15
500
per year.

Rent
expense was $32
584 and $35
436 for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.

NOTE R &ndash;
CONCENTRATIONS

In the year
ended June 30
 2014
 one customer accounted for 64% of revenues and another two customers accounted for 25% of revenues.&nbsp;&nbsp;No
other customer accounted for more than 10% of revenues.

In the year
ended June 30
 2013
 two customers accounted for 28% of revenues and another customer accounted for 12% of revenues.&nbsp;&nbsp;No
other customer accounted for more than 10% of revenues.

NOTE S &ndash;
OPERATING SEGMENTS

The
Company currently has one operating segment
 the cultivation and harvest of Ginseng for the production of Ginseng beverages.&nbsp;&nbsp;Prior
to June 30
 2013
 the Company organized its business into two reportable segments: (1) the cultivation and harvest of Ginseng
for the production of Ginseng beverages and (2) the production of wine and grape juice.&nbsp;&nbsp;On June 30
 2013
 the Company
discontinued its' wine and grape juice production business.



    
    


CHINA
GINSENG HOLDINGS
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2014 AND 2013

NOTE S &ndash;
OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

The Company&rsquo;s
reportable business segments are strategic business units that offer different products.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each segment is managed separately
because they require different productions techniques and market to different classes of customers.

Year ended
June 30
 2014:




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
610
024
    
2
610
024

    
(1
130
950
(3
630
972
    
(4
761
922

    
17
243
8
803
048
    
8
820
291

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
582
76
327
    
77
909

    
46
873
755
359
    
802
232

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
24
905
    
24
905


Year
ended June 30
 2013:




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
3
563
165
    
3
563
165

    
(663
408
(2
180
100
(802
496
(3
646
004

    
89
610
5
277
621
    
5
367
231

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
2
244
79
996
    
82
240

    
52
891
198
899
    
251
790

    
    
2
417
    
2
689

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
1
227
979
    
1
227
979




    
    


ITEM
9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES

We have
not changed
 nor had any disagreements with our accountants regarding our accounting or financial disclosure in the last two fiscal
years.

ITEM
9A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES



    
Evaluation
    of disclosure controls and procedures


The Company&rsquo;s
management
 with the participation of the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;) and the Chief Financial
Officer (&ldquo;CFO&rdquo;)
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;))
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation
 the CEO and CFO concluded that
 as of the end of
such period
 the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective to ensure that information that is required
to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded
 processed
 summarized
and reported
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the
Company&rsquo;s management
 including the CEO and CFO
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.



    
Management&rsquo;s
    assessment of internal control over financial reporting


We do not
expect that our controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Controls and procedures
 no matter
how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the controls and
procedures are met. Further
 the design of controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all controls and procedures
no evaluation of controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and
instances of fraud
 if any. The design of controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions.

Management
is responsible for establishing and managing adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Because of inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that internal
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate.

Furthermore
smaller reporting companies face additional limitations. Smaller reporting companies employ fewer individuals and may find it
difficult to properly segregate duties. Often
 one or two individuals control every aspect of the Company&rsquo;s operations and
are in a position to override any system of internal control. Additionally
 smaller reporting companies tend to utilize general
accounting software packages that lack a rigorous set of software controls.




    
    


Management
has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30
 2014. In making this assessment
management used the criteria established in Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The objective of this assessment is to determine whether our internal control
over financial reporting was effective as of June 30
 2014. Based on our assessment utilizing the criteria issued by COSO
 management
has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30
 2014 due to the existence of
the following material weaknesses:



    
    
As of June 30
    2014
 there was a lack of accounting personnel with the requisite knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;)
    in the U.S. and financial reporting requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission;




    
    
As of June 30
    2014
 there were insufficient written polities and procedures to ensure the correct application of accounting and financial
    reporting with respect to the current requirements of GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements.




    
    
As of June 30
    2014
 there was a lack of segregation of duties
 in that we only had one person performing all accounting related duties;




    
    
As of June 30
    2014
 there was no independent audit committee.


Notwithstanding
the existence of these material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
 our management believes that the
financial statements included in its reports fairly present in all material respects the Company&rsquo;s financial condition
results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.&nbsp;&nbsp;We continue to evaluate the effectiveness of internal
controls and procedures on an on-going basis. Once our cash flows from operations improve to a level where we are able to hire
additional personnel in financial reporting
 we plan to improve our internal controls and procedures by hiring an experienced
controller and building an internal accounting team with sufficient in-house expertise in US GAAP reporting.&nbsp;However
 due
to the limited cash flow we are currently having
 we can not assure you when we will be able to implement those remediation methods.



    
Changes
    in internal control over financial reporting


There were
no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter covered by this report that has materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially
affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM
9B.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;OTHER INFORMATION.





    
    




PART
III

ITEM
10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND OTHER KEY EMPLOYEES

The following
table and text set forth the names and ages of all directors and executive officers as of June&nbsp;30
 2014. The board of directors
elects our executive officers annually.&nbsp;&nbsp;A majority vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill vacancies.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each
director shall be elected for the term of one year
 and until his successor is elected and qualified
 or until his earlier resignation
or removal.



    
    
    
    
    

Liu
 Changzhen
    
    
    
Chairman of the
    Board and Chief Executive Officer

Ren
 Ying
    
    
    
Chief Financial
    Officer

Cai
 Xiaohua
    
    
    
Chief Marketing
    Officer

Zhang
 Yuxiang
    
    
    
General Manager
    of Jilin Province Ganzhi Ginseng Products Co.
 Ltd.; Director

Sun
 Hui
    
    
    
    

Ouyang
 Qing
    
    
    
    

Song
 Jiankun
    
    
    
    


Liu
Changzhen
he was Chairman and General Manager of Ginseng Group in Jilin Province
 China.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a founder of the Company
 Mr. Liu
has a deep understanding of all aspects of our business and substantial experience of developing corporate strategy
 assessing
emerging industry trends.

Ren
Ying
 Ms. Ren was CFO of Guofu Group Inc.
 a manufacturer
and exporter of auto parts. In June 1980
 Ms. Ren received a Bachelor Degree from Taxation (Revenue) College.

Cai
Xiaohua
 Mr. Cai was
Sales Director of AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals.&nbsp;&nbsp;From January 2006 to March 2007
 Mr. Cai was Sales Manager of Shanghai
Pharmaceutical Group.&nbsp;&nbsp;From April 2007 to January 2008
 Mr. Cai was Sales Manager of Gaitianly Pharmaceutical Corporation.&nbsp;&nbsp;In
1965
 Mr. Cai received an MBA fro Maastricht Management College in the Netherlands.

Zhang
Yuxiang
 Ltd in September 2005.&nbsp;&nbsp;From
2002 to 2005
 Mr. Zhang was Chairman and General Manager of Jilin Ganzhi.&nbsp;&nbsp; He contributes to the Board his knowledge
of the company and a deep understanding of the Jilin Ganzhi aspects of our business
 products and markets
 as well substantial
experience developing corporate strategy
 assessing emerging industry trends
 and business operations. Mr. Zhang received a Bachelor
Degree from Jiling Agricultural University in China.

Sun
Hui
 Ltd in March 2008.&nbsp;From June 1998
to March&nbsp;2008
 he was General Manager of Tonghua Linyuan.&nbsp;&nbsp;He contributes to the Board his knowledge of the company
and a deep understanding of the Tonghua Linyuan aspects of our business
 products and markets
 as well substantial experience
developing corporate strategy
 assessing emerging industry trends
 and business operations. Mr Sun graduated from economic management
department&nbsp;at Tonghua Normal University in China.

Ouyang
Qing
 Ms. Ouyang has been Chairman of the Board of Zhoanghui
Daoming Investment and Management Co.
 Ltd.&nbsp;&nbsp;From February 2002 to May 2005
 she was director and deputy general manager
at International Settlements Department of Head Office of CITIC Bank and International Finance Holding Investment Department of
CITIC.&nbsp;&nbsp;Ms. Ouyang has extensive experience in assets management and financial and investment affairs.

Song
Jiankun
 Mr. Song has been Chief
Strategist at the China Ministry of Information Industry Research Institute.&nbsp;&nbsp;From May 2005 to December 2007
 Mr. Song
was a Researcher at China Development Strategy Studies Center.&nbsp;&nbsp;From September 2001 to April 2005
 he was in the PhD
program in Management at Beijing Jialtong University and received his degree in April 2005.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Song has substantial
educational experience as well as experience in business strategy and research.



There are
no family relationships among our officers or directors.



    
    


Legal
Matters

No officer
director
 or persons nominated for such positions
 promoter or significant employee has been involved in the last ten years in
any proceeding set forth in Item 401 of Regulation S-K.

Corporate
Governance

Our Board
of Directors has five directors and has not established Audit
 Compensation
 and Nominating or Governance Committees as standing
committees. The Board does not have an executive committee or any committees performing a similar function. We are not currently
listed on a national securities exchange or in an inter-dealer quotation system that has requirements that a majority of the board
of directors be independent. The Board has determined that the two members of the Board are independent.

Due to our
lack of operations and size prior to the Share Exchange
 we did not have an Audit Committee. Furthermore
 we are currently quoted
on the Pink Sheets under the symbol &ldquo;CSNG&rdquo; and the Pink Sheets does not have any listing requirements mandating the
establishment of any particular committees.&nbsp;&nbsp;For these same reasons
 we did not have any other separate committees during
the fiscal year ended June 30
 2013; all functions of a nominating committee
 audit committee and compensation committee were
performed by our whole board of directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our board of directors intends to appoint such persons and form such committees
as are required to meet the corporate governance requirements imposed by the national securities exchanges as necessary. Therefore
we intend that a majority of our directors will eventually be independent directors and at least one director will qualify as
an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert.&rdquo;

Board
Leadership Structure and the Board&rsquo;s Role in Risk Oversight.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

The Board
of Directors maintains a structure with the Chief Executive Officer of the Company holding the position as Chairman of the Board
of Directors.

The Board
does not have a policy regarding the separation of the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board as the Board
believes it is in the best interests of the Company to make that determination based on the position and direction of the Company
and the membership of the Board.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Board believes that there is no one best leadership structure model that is most
effective in all circumstances and retains the authority to separate the position of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in the
future if such change is determined to be in our best interests and the best interests of our shareholders.

The Board
of Directors utilizes a leadership structure that has the Chief Executive Officer (who is the Corporation&rsquo;s principal executive
officer and a director) who also acts in the capacity as Board Chairman
 without a designated independent lead director. This
structure creates efficiency in the preparation of the meeting agendas and related Board materials as the Company&rsquo;s Chief
Executive Officer works more directly with those preparing the necessary board materials and is more connected to the overall
daily operations of the Company. Agendas are also prepared with the permitted input of the full Board of Directors allowing for
any concerns or risks of any individual director to be discussed as deemed appropriate. The Board believes that the Company has
benefited from this structure and
 Mr. Liu&rsquo;s continuation in the combined role of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
is in the best interests of the shareholders.

The Company
believes that this structure is appropriate and allows for efficient and effective oversight
 given the Company&rsquo;s relatively
small size (both in terms of number of employees and in scope of operational activities directly conducted by the Company)
 its
corporate strategy and its focus on research and development. The Board of Directors does not have a specific role in risk oversight
of the Company. The Chairman
 President and Chief Executive Officer and
 as needed
 other executive officers and employees of
the Company provide the Board of Directors with information regarding the Company&rsquo;s risks.

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers
 directors and persons who own more than 10% of any class of our securities registered
under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers
 directors
and greater than 10% stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.

Based on
our review of copies of such reports
 we believe that there was compliance with all filing requirements of Section 16(a) applicable
to our officers
 directors and 10% stockholders during the fiscal year ended June 30
 2013.&nbsp;




    
    


ITEM
11.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Summary
Compensation Table

The table
below summarizes all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to our Chief Executive Officer
 our two most highly compensated
executive officers other than our PEO who occupied such position at the end of our latest fiscal year and up to two additional
executive officers who would have been included in the table below except for the fact that they were not executive officers at
the end of our latest fiscal year
 by us
 or by any third party where the purpose of a transaction was to furnish compensation
for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the latest three fiscal years ended June 30
&nbsp;&nbsp;2013 and 2012.

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE



    
    
    
    
    
    
Compensation
    ($)(g)
Compensation
    Earnings 
    
    



    
15
631
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
631

    
    
15
15
108
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
15
108

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
5
862
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
862

    
    
5
664
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
664

    
    
5
664
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
664

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
19
539
    
    
    
    
    
    
19
539

    
    
17
17
564
    
    
    
    
    
    
17
17
564


Narrative
disclosure to summary compensation table

The following
discloses key terms of employment contracts we maintain with the following individuals:

Liu
Changzhen



    
    
Contract Period:
    January 1
 2014 to January 1
2017

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Remuneration:&nbsp;approximately
    $1
303&nbsp;per month; $15
631 per year


Ren
Ying



    
    
Contract Period:
    January 1
 2014 to January 1
 2017

    
    
    

    
    
Job Description:&nbsp;Chief
    Financial Officer

    
    
    

    
    
Remuneration:&nbsp;approximately
    $488.5 per month; $5
862 per year


Cai
Xiaohua



    
    
Contract Period:&nbsp;February
    1
 2014 to February 1
 2017

    
    
    

    
    
Job Description:&nbsp;Chief
    Marketing Officer

    
    
    

    
    
Remuneration:&nbsp;approximately
    $1
628 per&nbsp;&nbsp;month; $19
539 per year


Summary
Equity Awards Table

The following
table sets forth certain information for our executive officers concerning unexercised options
 stock that has not vested
 and
equity incentive plan awards as of June 30
 2014.



    
    


OUTSTANDING&nbsp;EQUITY&nbsp;AWARDS&nbsp;AT&nbsp;FISCAL&nbsp;YEAR-END&nbsp;JUNE&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2013



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Units&nbsp;or Other Rights That Have&nbsp;Not Vested 

 Units&nbsp;or Other Rights That Have&nbsp;Not Vested 


 Chairman of the Board
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Board
of Directors

We have
no compensation arrangements (such as fees for retainer
 committee service
 service as chairman of the board or a committee
 and
meeting attendance) with directors. Our directors have not received any kind of compensation including cash
 stock
 options
 non-equity
incentive plan compensation
 nonqualified deferred compensation earnings or other compensation for fiscal year&nbsp;2014.

Compensation
Policies and Practices as they Relate to Risk Management

We do currently
believe that our compensation policies and practices do not encourage excessive or unnecessary risk-taking and that the level
of risk that they do encourage is not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us.&nbsp;&nbsp;The design of our
compensation policies and practices encourages our employees to remain focused on both our short- and long-term goals.



    
    




ITEM
12.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS.

The following
table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of October 13
 2014 by (i)&nbsp;each
person (or group of affiliated persons) who is known by us to own more than five percent (5%) of the outstanding shares of our
Common Stock
 (ii)&nbsp;each director
 executive officer and director nominee
 and (iii)&nbsp;all of our directors
 executive
officers and director nominees as a group. As of October 13
 2014
 we had&nbsp;44
397
297&nbsp;shares of Common Stock issued and
outstanding.

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.
For purposes of this table
 a person or group of persons is deemed to have &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo; of any shares of
common stock that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of October 13
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;For purposes of computing
the percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock held by each person or group of persons named above
 any shares that
such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of 13
 2014 is deemed to be outstanding for such person
 but is
not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.&nbsp;The inclusion herein
of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership.&nbsp;Notwithstanding the
foregoing
 because the Series M Preferred Stock votes on as converted basis with the Common Stock
 we have included the owners
of such stock in this table.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
 we calculate beneficial ownership for purposes of this table as follows:



    
A
    + B
    

    
X
    + B
    



A = individual&rsquo;s
current holders of common stock
B = number
of shares of common stock individual may own within 60 days
X= number
of common stock currently outstanding
 including the shares of common stock underlying the Series M Preferred Stock since such
class votes on as converted basis with the common.



    
    







    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Liu
    Jing
2
220
839
    
    

21
    Minqing Street

    
    
    

Daoli
    District

    
    
    

Har&rsquo;erbin
    China
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Wang
    Shuchun [1]
2
513
749
    
    

No1
    Building 6
    
    
    

Sun
    Village Century Living

    
    
    

West
    3 Blvd.
    
    
    

Kuancheng
    District
    
    
    

Changchun
    City
 China
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Wang
    Lianhua [1]
2
513
749
    
    

No1
    Building 6
    
    
    

Sun
    Village Century Living

    
    
    

West
    3 Blvd.
    
    
    

Kuancheng
    District
    
    
    

Changchun
    City
 ChinaT
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Ouyang
    Qing
500
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Changping
    District
    
    
    

Beijing
    China
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Sun
    Hui
150
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

Longquan
    Street
    
    
    

Dongchang
    District
    
    
    

Tonghua
    Jilin
 China
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Zhang
    Yingdong
30
000
    
    

703
    Dongfeng St

    
    
    

Luyuan&nbsp;District

    
    
    

Changchun
    City
&nbsp;Jilin
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Zhang
 Yuxiang
35
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

Meihekou
 Jilin
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




Liu
 Changzhou
10
100
200
    
    

No 23-6 Hongqi Street

    
    
    

Zhaoyang District

    
    
    

Changchun City

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Ren
 Ying
    
    
    

Zhizhong Road

    
    
    

Nanguan District

    
    
    

Changchun City

    
    
    

Jilin
 China
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Cai
 Xiaohua
50
000
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Zhaoyang Dist
 Beijing
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Song
 Jiankun
550
000
    
    

502
 3-1- Wenhuiyuan
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

All officers and directors as a group
    [8 persons]
1
865
000
    
    


This table
is based upon information derived from our stock records. Applicable percentages are based upon 44
397
297 shares of common stock
outstanding as of October 13
 2014.

[1] Owned
1
963
749 in the name of Lianhua Wang and 550
000 shares in the name of Shuchun Wang
 husband and wife.


    
    


[2] Mr.
Liu owns 550
000 shares of common stock from August 12
 2004; however
 he also has voting power of 9
550
200 shares of common
stock purchased by his relatives and friends in certain Regulation S Private Placements from 2002 to 2007. A list of shareholders
owning the 9
550
200 shares is filed as Exhibit 10.27 to our Form 10-K for year ended June 30
 2012.

ITEM
13.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions

The Company
had been financing its operations from loans from individuals
 principally residents of China
 most of whom are shareholders or
immediate family members of shareholders.&nbsp;&nbsp; These loans were recorded in the Company&rsquo;s financial statement as
related party loans. The individuals have loaned the Company funds which are interest free
 have no specific repayment date
 and
are unsecured.&nbsp;&nbsp;The funds received are evidenced by receipt of cash acknowledgments.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Summary
of Related Party Loans

As of June
30
 2014 and 2013
 the Company had receivables from related parties aggregating $$11
900 and $37
355. These balances relate to
unsettled business and travel advances. The amounts advanced by individual are as follows:&nbsp;&nbsp;




    


2014


2013

    
    
5
465


 Yu (2)
    
9
317

    
2
710
    

    
    
    

    
Xia (3)
    
10
682


 Hui (4)
8
125
    

    
    
    


 Tao (5)
    
3
027


 Mingkun (6)
    
1
551

    
    
    

    
    
4
754

    
    
1
012


000 (9)
    
1
547

    
11
900
37
335






    
    
Mr.
    Liang is an employee of the Company shareholder; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
    
Ms. Liu
 Yu is
    a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;

    
    
Ms.
Qiu is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;

    
    
Mr. Sun is the
    independent director of the Company;

    
    
Mr. Li is a shareholder
    beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company; 

    
    
Mr. Chu is an
    employee of the Company and shareholder; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
    
Mr. Gao is an
    employee of the Company ; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
    
Mr. Jiang is an
    employee of the Company
 he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;




    
    


As of June
30
 2014 and 2013
 funds borrowed to fund the current operations of the Company were $1
389
124 and $1
279
982
 respectively.




    


2013


2013


 Jichang(1)
88
845.00
77
063

    
    
14
637

    
 Yilin(3)
300
205.00
300
205


 bai ling(4)
12
352.00
12
300


 Changzheng(5)
271
192.00
229
344


 Ying(6)
33
080.00
5
855


 Shuang(7)
102
446.00
29
017

    
4
876.00
4
936


 Zhigang(9)
106
511.00
106
511

    
 hongyan(10)
3
795.00
3
779

    
 Jianzhou(11)
122
967.00
122
637

    
2
635.00
2
635

    
32
506
    

    
4
226.00
2
007

    
Fungling (15)
7
444
    

    
3
286.00
1
910


 Jiazhen (17)
6
501
    


 Chunhui (18)
6
209
    

    
4
031.00
    


 Changjiang (20)
2
543.00
44
490

    
 Tao(21)
4
027.00
    


 Wen Ying (22)
14
931.00
44
205

    
5
374.00
    


 Jinhong (24)
1
422
    

    
 Jiangong(25)
    
    


 Chueng Yuk (26)
105
202.00
78
894

    
 xiuyan(27)
    
    

    
    
    


 Xiao Mei(29)
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
 Dan(41)
    
    

    
 Chunsheng(42)
    
    


 Chunshen (43)
    
    

    
    
32
369

    
 Fanrong(45)
    
347.00
26
347

    
 Yaqin(46)
26
849.00
26
849

    
 Changfu(47)
12
610.00
12
610

    
 Fanyi(48)
16
438.00
25
221

    
 Xiuyan(49)
12
594.00
12
594

    
 Haijing(50)
    
7
246

    
 Fanmin(51)
10
968.00
10
968

    
 Na(52)
9
752.00
9
711

    
14
286.00
14
286

    
 Lipo(54)
8
346.00
8
346

    
 Yao(55)
3
251.00
3
237

    
 Fengchun(56)
4
957.00
4
936

    
2
439
    

    
    
    

    
1
389
124
1
270
826




    
    







    
1)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Gao Jinchang is an employee of the Company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
2)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Wan Yumin is an employee of the Company shareholder; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    

    
3)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Xiang Yilin is a shareholder of the Company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
4)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Zhang
 bai ling is employee of the Company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
5)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Liu Changzhou is the CEO of the Company;

    
6)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Ren Ying is the CFO of the Company;

    
7)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Liang
 Shuang is an employee of the Company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
8)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Gao Hong is an employee of the Company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
9)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Zhao Zhigang is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;
    he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
10)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Chi Hongyan is an employee of the Company shareholder; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
11)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Zhang Jianzhou is an employee of the Company shareholder; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;&nbsp;
    

    
12)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Li Mige an employee of the Company shareholder; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
13)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Sun Hui is a director of the Company;

    
14)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Guo Chuncheng is an employee of the Company shareholder; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
15)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Zhang
 Fuling is an employee of the Company
 he is not related to any officer or director of the Company; 

    
16)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Chu Minkun is an employee of the Company shareholder; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company

    
17)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Wang
 Jiazhen is an employee of the Company shareholder; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
18)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Liang Chunhui is an employee of the Company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
19)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Chen Shiyu is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;
    she is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
20)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Wang
 Changjiang is an employee of the Company;&nbsp;&nbsp;he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
21)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Li Tao is an employee of the Company shanreholder; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
    
Ms.
    Lu Wenying is an employee of the Company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
23)&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Jin&nbsp;&nbsp;Yingsun is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of
    the Company;; she is not related to any officer or director of the Company;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;

    
24)&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Wang&nbsp;&nbsp;Jinhong is an employee of the Company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
25)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Sun Jiangong is a shareholder of the Company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
26)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.&nbsp;&nbsp;Chang
    Chueng Yuk is ; a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;&nbsp;&nbsp;he
    is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
27)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Zhang Xiuyan is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;;
    he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
    
    

    
29)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Yu Xiaomei is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;&nbsp;&nbsp;he
    is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
30)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Tong Chunyan is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;;
    he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
31)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Jia Fengyan is an employee of the Company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
32)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Xiu Yan is a employee of the Company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
33)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Liang Qiuzhi is an employee of the Company shareholder; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;




    
    




    
34)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Jiang Yanhua is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;;
    he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
35)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.Zhang
    Lin an employee of the Company shareholder; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
36)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Liu Shuzhen is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;;
    he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
37)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Sun You is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;; he
    is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
38)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Hou Yuexin is ; a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;&nbsp;&nbsp;he
    is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
39)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Hou Xiuji is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;;
    he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
40)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Zhang Yanhong is a shareholder of the Company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
    
    

    
42)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Guo Chunsheng is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;
    he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
43)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Guo Chunshen is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;
    he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
44)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Jilin
    Yi Rong of Microfinance Limited is a loan company;

    
45)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Kong Fanrong is CEO&rsquo;s wife;

    
46)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.Liu
    Yaqin is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. She
    is a cousin of Mr. Liu
 Changzheng
 the CEO of the Company;

    
47)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Liu Changfu is an shareholder of the company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
48)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Kong Fanyi is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company.
    He is a brother in law of Mr. Liu
 Changzheng
 the CEO of the Company;

    
49)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Yin Xiuyan is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;
    she is not related to any director or officer of the Company;

    
50)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Li Haijing is a shareholder beneficiary&nbsp;&nbsp;holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the
    Company; he is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
51)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Kong Fanming is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;
    she is sister in law of Mr. Liu Changzhou
 the CEO of the Company;

    
52)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.
    Li Na is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company; she
    is a nephew of Mr. Liu
 Changzheng
 the CEO of the Company;

    
53)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr
    Liu Yu&nbsp;&nbsp;a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company;

    
54)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Liu
 Lipo&nbsp;&nbsp;is a shareholder beneficiary holding less than 5% of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the
    Company;

    
55)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Ms.Tang
    Yao is an employee of the Company; she is not related to any officer or director of the Company;

    
56)&nbsp;&nbsp;
    
Mr.
    Zhao Fengchun is an employee of the Company; she is not related to any officer or director of the Company;


Director
Independence

Our board
of directors has determined that we have two board members that qualify as &ldquo;independent&rdquo; as the term is used in Item
7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(15) of the
NASDAQ Marketplace Rules.&nbsp;&nbsp;Ouyang
 Qing and Song
 Jiankun are our independent directors.



    
    


ITEM
14.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

(1) AUDIT
FEES

The

 Gunteski &amp; Co.
 P.A. for the audit of the registrant's
annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the registrant's quarterly reports or services that
are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for fiscal years 2014
were approximately $93
000.


 LLC. for the audit
of the registrant's annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the registrant's quarterly reports
or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for
fiscal years 2013 were approximately $85
000.

(2) AUDIT-RELATED
FEES



(3) TAX
FEES&nbsp;



(4) ALL
OTHER FEES



(5) AUDIT
COMMITTEE POLICIES AND PROCEDURES



ITEM
15.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(1) AND (2) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules See &ldquo;Index to Consolidated Financial Statements&rdquo;
on page F-1







    
Yanbian
    Huaxing Ginseng Industry Co. Ltd Acquisition Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Form 10-12G filled
    on August 6
 2010)




    
Meihekou
    City Ginseng Company
 Acquisition Agreement (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)

    
Tonghua Linyuan
    Grape Planting Co. Acquisition Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
    2010)






    
Articles
    of Incorporation of China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 10-12G filled on August
    6
 2010)

    
By-laws of China
    Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)






    
Form
    of common stock Certificate of the China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form 10-12G
    filled on August 6
 2010)




    
    








    
Employment Agreement &ndash; Ren
 Ying dated January 2
 2014

    
Employment Agreement &ndash; Liu
 Changzhen 
 dated January 2
 2014

    
Employment Agreement &ndash; Cai
 Xiaohua
 dated January 2
 2014 

    
Form of Farmer Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Form 10-12G filled on November 10
 2010)

    
Land Rental Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)

    
Drink formula for our ginseng beverages registered patent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)

    
Health Food Production Permit for Jinlin Ganzhi issued on June 8m 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to our Form 10-K filed on October 10
 2012)

    
Ganzhi Ginseng Beverage approval No. SFDA G20090249 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)

    
Ganzhi American Ginseng Beverage approval No. SFDA G20090208(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to our Form 10-12G filled on August 6
 2010)






    
Governing
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to our Form 10-12G/A filled on
    May 31
 2011)

    
Governing
 (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 21.2 to our Form 10-12G/A filled on May 31
 2011)

    
Governing
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.3 to our Form 10-12G/A
    filled on May 31
 2011)

    
Governing Documents
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.4 to our Form 10-12G/A filled on
May 31
 2011)






    
Certifications
    of Principal Executive Officer&nbsp;&nbsp;pursuant to Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.&nbsp;&nbsp;(Filed
    herewith.)

    
Certifications
    of Principal Financial Officer&nbsp;pursuant to Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.&nbsp;&nbsp;(Filed herewith.)






    
Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002.&nbsp;&nbsp;(Filed herewith.)

    
Certification
    of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002.&nbsp;&nbsp;(Filed herewith.)



    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant duly caused this Form 10-K to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
CHINA
    GINSENG HOLIDNGS
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
/s/&nbsp;Liu
Changzhen

    
    
Liu
                                         Changzhen
CHAIRMAN
        AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

    
    
    

    
    
Ren
 Ying

    
    
Ren
 Ying

    
    
CHIEF FINANCIAL
    OFFICER

    
    
    

Date: &nbsp;October
    14
 2014
    
    


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 this Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



Date:
    &nbsp;October 14
 2014
    
/s/&nbsp;Zhang
Yuxiang

    
    
    
Zhang
                                         Yuxiang
        

    
    
    
    

Date:
    &nbsp;October 14
 2014
    
/s/&nbsp;Sun
Hui

    
    
    
Sun
                                         Hui
        

    
    
    
    

Date:
    &nbsp;October 14
 2014
    
/s/
    Ouyang
 Qing

    
    
    
Ouyang
                                         Qing
        

    
    
    
    

Date:
    &nbsp;October 14
 2014
    
/s/&nbsp;Song
    Jiankun

    
    
    
Song
                                         Jiankun
        

    
    
    
    

Date:
    &nbsp;October 14
 2014
    
/s/&nbsp;Liu
Changzhen

    
    
    
Liu
                                         Changzhen
        



















     





Labor
Contract

This labor contract is based on the People&rsquo;s Republic China&rsquo;s labor law and labor contract law and other
related laws and regulations.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Jilin
Huamei Beverage Co. Ltd.

Employer&rsquo;s
address: RM1612 Zhongji Building 1562 Jiefang Great Road
 Changchun City
 Jilin
China 

Legal Representative:

Changzhen

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Ren
Ying&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Gender:
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Employee&rsquo;s
ID Number: 

Employee&rsquo;s
address: Zhishan Rd
Nanguan district
Changchun city

I. Contract
Period &amp; Probation Period



Fixed
                                         contract period:From January 2
 2014 to January 1
2017.

No
                                         fixed contract period: From__________year_______month_______day

By
                                         Project : From _______________to completion

II Job Description
&amp; Job Location



III Working
Hours &amp; Time Off

Both parties
agreed to choose 

Standard
                                         full time

Non
                                         Standard hours

Combined
                                         hours



By consensus

000.00
 day of the month. Employer shall not unjustifiably
deduct or delay in paying the wages. The monthly wage shall not less than the minimum wage implemented by the city.



    
    




In accordance
with central government
 state
 provincial and municipal policies and regulations

VI Labor
conditions and labor protection against occupational hazards

In accordance
with central government
 state and provincial requirements relating to the implementation of occupational safety and health

VII Termination
&amp; Renew of the Labor Contract

Both parties
observe the central government
 state and provincial regulations regarding the termination of the labor contract. Unless the violation
is expressly stipulated by state
 either party in violation of the contract will be subject to the payment of appropriate compensation
for breach of contract.

This contract
is effective from the date signed by both parties


Employer:

Ltd.

Legal Representative:
Liu
Changzhen Date; 

Employee:

Ying

Governing
Authority: Changchun City Employment Service (with seal)


















     







This labor contract is based on the People&rsquo;s Republic China&rsquo;s labor law and labor contract law and other related laws
and regulations.


___China Ginseng
Holdings
Inc_

Employer&rsquo;s address:
RM1601 Zhongji Building 1562 Jiefang Great Road
 Changchun City
 Jilin
 China 

 Liu
Changzhen

_ Liu
Changzhen
_



Employee&rsquo;s ID Number:


Employee&rsquo;s address:
23-6
Hongqi ST
Chaoyang district Changchun city



Both parties agreed to choose
__

Fixed contract period:From January 2
 2014 to January 1
2017.






II Job Description &amp; Job
Location



III Working Hours &amp; Time
Off

Both parties agreed to choose










    
    





8
000.00_
 day
of the month. Employer shall not unjustifiably deduct or delay in paying the wages. The monthly wage shall not less than the minimum
wage implemented by the city. 




 state
 provincial and municipal policies and regulations





 state and provincial requirements relating to the
implementation of occupational safety and health 

VII Termination &amp; Renew of the Labor Contract

Both parties observe the central government
 state and provincial regulations regarding
the termination of the labor contract. Unless the violation is expressly stipulated by state
 either party in violation of the
contract will be subject to the payment of appropriate compensation for breach of contract.




 China Ginseng
Holdings
Inc

Liu
 Changzhen

 Liu
 Changzhen




















     



Exhibit
10.3

Labor
Contract


labor contract law and other related laws and regulations.


Employer:


Employer&rsquo;s
address: RM1607 Zhongji Building 1562 Jiefang Great Road
 Changchun City
 Jilin
 China 

Legal

Changzhen

Employee:

 Xiaohua

Gender:


Employee&rsquo;s
ID Number: 

Employee&rsquo;s
address: Chaoyang district Beijing city



Both
parties agreed to choose __

Fixed
                                         contract period:From February 2
 2014 to February 1
2017.

No
                                         fixed contract period: From__________year_______month_______day

By
                                         Project : From _______________to completion

II
Job Description &amp; Job Location

CMO


III
Working Hours &amp; Time Off

Both
parties agreed to choose 

Standard
                                         full time

Non
                                         Standard hours

Combined
                                         hours

IV
Remuneration



000.00_
 day of the month.
Employer shall not unjustifiably deduct or delay in paying the wages. The monthly wage shall not less than the minimum wage implemented
by the city. 


    
    





 state
 provincial and municipal policies and regulations





 state and provincial requirements relating to the
implementation of occupational safety and health 

VII Termination &amp; Renew of the Labor Contract

Both
parties observe the central government
 state and provincial regulations regarding the termination of the labor contract. Unless
the violation is expressly stipulated by state
 either party in violation of the contract will be subject to the payment of appropriate
compensation for breach of contract.

This contract is effective from the date signed by both parties



Employer:

Ltd.

Legal Representative:
Liu
Changzhen Date: 

Employee:

Xiaohua

Governing
Authority: Changchun City Employment Service (with seal)

















     







 Changzhen Liu certify that:&nbsp;


Ginseng Holdings Inc..


 this annual report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;


 the financial statements
and other financial information included in this annual report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this annual report;


I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:



    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.




    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and



officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):



    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.



 2014




    
    















     







 Ying Ren
 certify that:


Ginseng Holdings Inc..


 this annual report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;


 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this annual report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this annual report;


I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:



    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.




    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and



I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):



    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.



 2014



/s/
    Ying Ren
    

















     





18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002


Inc.(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30
 2014
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rsquo;)
 I
 Changzhen Liu
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates
and for the periods indicated.


 2014



/s/
    Changzhen Liu
    















     





&nbsp;18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002


Inc.(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30
 2014
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rsquo;)
 I
 Ying Ren
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated.


 2014



/s/
    Ying Ren
    























 October 15










2001-07-01


2002-06-30









2002-06-30












2004-11-24












2005-11-24












2010-12-31









2010-12-01


2010-12-31












2010-12-01


2010-12-31









2011-03-02









2011-06-24









2011-06-01


2011-06-30









2011-09-10









2011-09-05


2011-09-10












2011-09-30









2011-09-01


2011-09-30












2011-09-01


2011-09-30









2012-06-30












2012-06-30












2012-06-30












2012-06-30












2012-06-30












2012-06-30












2012-08-01


2012-08-31









2012-12-31









2013-03-31









2012-07-01


2013-06-30












2012-07-01


2013-06-30












2012-07-01


2013-06-30












2012-07-01


2013-06-30












2012-07-01


2013-06-30












2012-07-01


2013-06-30












2012-07-01


2013-06-30












2012-07-01


2013-06-30












2012-07-01


2013-06-30












2012-07-01


2013-06-30












2012-07-01


2013-06-30












2012-07-01


2013-06-30












2012-07-01


2013-06-30












2012-07-01


2013-06-30









2013-06-30












2013-06-30












2013-06-30












2013-06-30












2013-06-30












2013-06-30












2013-06-30












2013-06-30












2013-06-30












2013-06-30












2013-06-30












2013-06-30












2013-06-30












2013-09-27









2013-10-01


2013-10-29









2013-11-30









2013-12-31









2008-01-01


2013-12-31









2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30













2013-07-01


2014-06-30













2013-07-01


2014-06-30













2013-07-01


2014-06-30













2013-07-01


2014-06-30













2013-07-01


2014-06-30













2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30












2013-07-01


2014-06-30













2013-07-01


2014-06-30













2013-07-01


2014-06-30









2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30












2014-06-30









2014-10-13




























































































































































































































































































































 PRESENTATION AND GOING CONCERN&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Nature of Business&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;)
 was incorporated under the laws of Nevada on June 24
 2004.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;On November 24
 2004
 the Company acquired 55% of Yanbian Huaxing Ginseng Industry Co. Limited (&amp;#8220;Yanbian Huaxing&amp;#8221;)
 which is located in China and
 is in the business of farming
 processing
 distribution
 and marketing of Asian Ginseng.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The company utilizes the Ginseng harvest to produce a Ginseng beverage and buys Ginseng for the resale market.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On November 24
 2005
 the Company acquired the remaining 45% of Yanbian Huaxing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Yanbian Huaxing controls
 through 20 year leases granted by the Chinese Government
 approximately 1
500 hectors (3
705 acres) of land used to grow ginseng.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company had no operations prior to November 24
 2004. These leases expire through 2024. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forestry Bureau governing one of the farms approximating 700 hectors (1
730 acres) of land leased by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows:
 auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;On August 24
 2005
 the Company acquired Jilin Ganzhi Ginseng Produce Co. Limited
 whose principal business is the manufacture of Ginseng drinks.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;On October 19
 2005
 the Company incorporated a new company
 Jilin Huamei Beverage Co. Limited (&amp;#8220;Jilin Huamei&amp;#8221;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;On March 31
 2008 the Company acquired Tonghua Linyuan Grape Planting Co. Limited (&amp;#8220;Tonghua Linyuan&amp;#8221;) whose principal activity was the growing
 cultivation and harvesting of a grape vineyard. The Company plans to produce wine and grape juice but to date has not commenced production. As of June 30
 2012
 Tonghua Linyuan leased 750 acres of land on which the grapes were planted.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In June 2012
 the Company decided to abandon the growing and harvesting of grapes due to the poor quality of recent harvests which were not suitable for the production of wine or grape juice. Accordingly
 the Company has abandoned the vineyard and recorded a charge to operations of $872
658. The Company has also decided not to renew its leases with the Chinese Government.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company will now purchase grapes in the open market to produce wine and grape juice.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On June 30
 2013
 the Company sold the assets and liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan to a third party. See Note P.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;On March 2
 2012
 the Company approved the incorporation of a new subsidiary
 Hong Kong Huaxia International Industrial Co.
 Limited (&amp;#8220;Hong Kong Huaxia&amp;#8221;) in Hong Kong in order to sell health and specialized local products.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Hong Kong Huaxia was incorporated in Hong Kong on March 18
 2012 and began operations in April 2012.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Hong Kong Huaxia has registered 880
000
000 shares of 1 HKD par value stock in Hong Kong.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;None of the $113
443
000 (880
000
000 HKD) registered capital of Hong Kong Huaxia has been funded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;On September 27
 2013
 the Company established a new wholly owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Huaxia
 Jilin Huaxia Ginseng Co.
 Ltd&amp;#160;(&amp;#8220;Jilin Huaxia&amp;#8221;) in order to open online store through Taobao Marketplace
 the biggest online Business to Consumer and Consumer to Consumer platform in Asia
 a subsidiary company of Alibaba Group
 and to acquire machinery and equipment in China&lt;b&gt;.&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Hong Kong Huaxia registered capital of $6
000
000 in Jilin Huaxia.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new
 roman',;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;Substantially all of the Company&amp;#8217;s operations are in the People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China and Hong Kong.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Consolidated Financial Statements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The financial statements include the accounts and activities of China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Yanbian Huaxing Ginseng Co. Limited
 Jilin Huamei Beverage Co. Limited
 Jilin Ganzhi Ginseng Products Co. Limited
 Tonghua Linyuan Grape Planting Co. Limited and Hong Kong Huaxia International Industrial
 Co. Limited.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Going Concern&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;As indicated in the accompanying financial statements
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $14
169
335 at June 30
 2014
 a working capital deficit of $11
616
962 at June 30
 2014 and there are existing uncertain conditions the Company foresees relating to its ability to obtain working capital and operate successfully. Management&amp;#8217;s plans include the raising of capital through the equity markets to fund future operations and the generating of revenue through its businesses. Failure to raise adequate capital and generate adequate sales revenues could result in the Company having to curtail or cease operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Additionally
 even if the Company does raise sufficient capital to support its operating expenses and
 generate adequate revenues
 there can be no assurances that the revenues will be sufficient to enable it to develop business to a level where it will generate profits and cash flows from operations.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;However
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis


&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Foreign Currency Translation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company considers the Chinese Renminbi to be its functional currency.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Assets and liabilities were translated into US dollars at period-end exchange rates.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Statement of operations amounts were translated using the average rate during the period.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Gains and losses resulting from translating foreign currency financial statements are included in accumulated other comprehensive income
 a separate component of stockholders&amp;#8217; deficit.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family:
 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;For purposes of reporting cash flows
 cash equivalents include investment instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;There were no cash equivalents at June 30
 2014 and 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventory&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Inventory consists of fresh and dried Ginseng
 ginseng drinks and supplies and is stated at the lower of cost or market value.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Cost is determined using the First-In
 First-Out (FIFO) Method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Advertising&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. For the year ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 advertising expenses were $0 and $1
035
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px;
 -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Ginseng Crops&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company uses the full absorption costing method to value its Ginseng crops.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Included in crop costs are seeds
 labor
 applicable overhead including depreciation
 and supplies. Common costs are allocated in each period based upon the total number of hectors under cultivation during the period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The carrying value of the Ginseng crops is reviewed on a regular basis for any impairment in value using management&amp;#8217;s best estimate as to expected future market values
 yields and costs to harvest.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Costs accumulated on the acres expected to be harvested during the next fiscal year have been classified as a current asset.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company processes Ginseng and stores the stock for its Ginseng juice production.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Any grown Ginseng not suitable for the beverage production is sold.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company is also purchasing Ginseng for its resale business. Ginseng is planted in the Spring (March) and Fall (September) of each year and is generally harvested in September. It usually takes 6 years for a Ginseng root to mature
 although
 senior maturity can be 8 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Harvested Ginseng can be sold in two ways: (1) fresh Ginseng which can be sold immediately and stored in refrigerators for up to 3 years and (2) dried Ginseng which is
 processed and dried via sunlight and steam machines. Drying is a two month process.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Dried Ginseng can be stored up to 5 years. The Company has also been storing fresh Ginseng for future juice manufacturing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;When the Company sells Ginseng
 it receives orders prior to harvest.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;For large orders
 approximately 20% to 30% is paid upon delivery as payment in advance.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The balance is billed after the customer incurs a lengthy inspection process which can take up to 60 days.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Until the customer finalizes its inspection and deems the shipment acceptable
 the shipment is still the property of the Company.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Upon customer completion of inspection and approval
 the sale is then recognized and the balance of the invoice price is wired to the Company. For smaller orders
 customers pick up the Ginseng from the Company
 pay in cash at time of pick up and receive an invoice with appropriate sales tax applied and a cash acknowledgement. On these orders
 revenue is recognized upon shipment/payment. During the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 no orders were subject to the inspection process.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company has entered into several distribution agreements to sell Ginseng juice and wine.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In accordance with these agreements
 the distributors will advance funds to the Company for orders to be placed.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Upon the placement of orders by the distributor
 the Company will ship the product to the distributor and title will pass to the distributor.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In relation to distribution agreements for Ginseng beverages
 it is the Company&amp;#8217;s policy
 commencing with the initiation of the distribution agreements
 to allow the distributors to return all unsold products at the end of six months from the shipment date should the product not be sold and the product has not exceeded the expiration date.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company is establishing history as to the quantity of the Ginseng which has been returned in order to determine if a reserve for returns and allowances is necessary.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;To date
 returns have been minimal.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition (Continued)&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;For each reporting period
 the Company&amp;#160;ascertains from each distributor its&amp;#8217; current on hand quantity and assesses the situation in order to establish a return allowance
 if necessary.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At June 30
 2014
 no inventory was held on consignment. At June 30
 2014 and 2013
 no amounts were sold on consignment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal;
 letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The allowance for doubtful accounts represents management&amp;#8217;s estimate of the amount of probable credit losses
 determined by reviewing past due balances and other information.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Account balances are written off against the allowance if management determines the receivable is uncollectible.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company&amp;#8217;s standard terms stipulate payment in 60 days.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company considers a receivable to be uncollectible after one year.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin-top: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Property and equipment is recorded at cost and is depreciated using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets
 as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 784px; text-align: left;&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 767px;&gt;6 - 40 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;5 - 15 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;5 - 10 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;5 - 10 years&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight:
 normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Routine maintenance
 repairs and replacement costs are expensed as incurred and improvements that extend the useful life of the assets are capitalized.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;When equipment is sold or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Net Loss Per Common Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company computes per share amounts in accordance with ASC Topic 260&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;Earnings per Share&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;(EPS) which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Basic EPS is computed by dividing the income (loss) available to Common Stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Diluted EPS is based on the weighted-average number of shares of Common Stock and Common Stock equivalents outstanding during the periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company follows ASC 220-10
&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;Reporting Comprehensive Income
&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;(formerly SFAS No. 130). ASC 220-10 requires the reporting of comprehensive income in addition to net income from operations. Comprehensive income is a more inclusive financial reporting methodology that includes disclosure of information that historically has not been recognized in the calculation of net income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal;
 font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes utilizing the liability method of accounting.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Under the liability method
 deferred taxes are determined based on differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted tax rates in effect in years in which differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts that are expected to be ultimately realized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Uncertainty in Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company follows ASC 740-10&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;(&amp;#8220;ASC 740-10&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;This interpretation requires recognition and measurement of uncertain income tax positions using a &amp;#8220;more-likely-than-not&amp;#8221; approach.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Management evaluates their
 tax positions on an annual basis
 and has determined that as of June 30
 2014 and 2013
 no additional accrual for income taxes other than the foreign
 federal and state provisions and related interest and estimated penalty accruals are considered necessary.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Long-lived assets
 primarily property and equipment
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset
 a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used
 or a significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets is not recoverable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;For long-lived assets to be held and used
 the Company recognizes an impairment loss only if its carrying amount is not recoverable through its undiscounted cash flows and measures the impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and estimated fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;ASC 820&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles
 and expands disclosure about fair value measurements.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;ASC issued 825-10
&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities-Including an Amendment of ASC 320-10
&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;(&amp;#8220;ASC 825-10&amp;#8221;) which permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value at specified election dates.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;A business entity is required to report unrealized gains and losses on items for which the fair value option has been elected in earnings at each subsequent reporting date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal;
 orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606&lt;/i&gt;).&amp;#8221; The new guidance provides new criteria for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance requires expanded disclosures to provide greater insight into both revenue that has been recognized and revenue that is expected to be recognized in the future from existing contracts. Quantitative and qualitative information will be provided about the significant judgments and changes in those judgments that management made to determine the revenue that is recorded. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements&amp;#160;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;Going Concern&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;(&lt;i&gt;Subtopic 205-40).&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221; The new guidance addresses management&amp;#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Management&amp;#8217;s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December&amp;#160;15


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 950.4px; text-align: left;&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 112.8px; text-align: right;&gt;1
462
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 112px; text-align: right;&gt;1
456
618&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;388
159&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;387
826&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;30
307&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;30
179&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;25
092&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;25
021&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
906
307&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
899
644&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(447
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(369
254&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;1
458
558&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;1
530
390&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman',
 times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Substantially all of the property and equipment is located in China.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-right: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Total Depreciation was $77
077 and $83
041 for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&amp;#160;Depreciation is recorded in the financial statements as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=6&gt;Year Ended&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=6&gt;June 30
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 950.4px; text-align: left;&gt;Depreciation Expense&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 112.8px; text-align: right;&gt;76
080&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 112px; text-align: right;&gt;80
452&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Capitalized Ginseng Crops&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;997&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;2
589&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;77
077&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;83


 the Company made a deposit of $5
929
461 (RMB 36
474
054) with a supplier for the purchase of equipment for the Companies ginseng farms. Prior to delivery of the equipment


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 950.4px; text-align: left;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 112.8px; text-align: right;&gt;226
130&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 112px; text-align: right;&gt;213
209&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
911&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;46
100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Operating supplies&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;4
371&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;4
352&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;233
412&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;263
661&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;At June 30
 2014 and 2013 there were no shipments of Ginseng at customer locations awaiting inspection and approval that would be subject to invoicing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;In March of 2013
 the Company determined that the grape juice inventory held at Tonghua is no longer saleable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;As such
 the Company&amp;#160;wrote off inventory with a value of 8
855
286 RMB (US$ 1
410
149) at June 30


 the Company invested $24
868 (RMB 153
000) in Changchun Zhongshen Beverage Co. Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Zhongshen&amp;#8221;). This investment represented a 17% interest in Zhonghsen. Zhongshen is a retailer of ginseng juice and wine. The Company accounts for this investment utilizing the cost method. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Company determined this investment was impaired as Zhonghsen ceased operations. As such
 the Company recorded an impairment loss of $24
905 for the year ended June 30
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;In September 2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with three other companies to establish a new entity
 Jilin Province Jiliang Beverage Investment Management Co.
 Ltd (&amp;#8220;Jilin Jiliang&amp;#8221;). The purpose of Jilin Jiliang is to provide investment and project consultation. Under the agreement
 the Company was required to invest a total of $81
264 (RMB 500
000) for a 10% interest in Jilin Jiliang by September 25
 2012.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In September 2011
 the Company invested $16
253 (RMB 100
000) in Jilin Jiliang. During the year ended June 30
 2013
 Jilin Jiliang returned the $16
253 (RMB 100


 prior to June 30
 2009
 was primarily to harvest and sell fresh and dried Ginseng.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The growth period takes approximately 5 to 6 years before harvest can commence and up to 8 years for improved harvest and seedling yields. The Company is changing its business model to utilize the harvested Ginseng to manufacture Ginseng juice and other Ginseng beverages.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;It commenced the juice operation in August 2011.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company plants selected areas each year and tracks the costs expended each year by planting area.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Chinese government owns all the land in China.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Currently
 the Company has land grants from the Chinese government for approximately 1
500 hectors of land (approximately 3
705 acres) to grow Ginseng which were awarded in April and May 2005. These grants are for 20 years and the management of the Company believes that the grants will be renewed as the grants expire in different areas.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;However
 there are no assurances that the Chinese government will continue to renew these grants in the future. The planting of new Ginseng is dependent upon the Company&amp;#8217;s cash flow and its ability to raise working capital. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forestry Bureau governing one of the farms approximating 700 hectors (1
730 acres) of land leased by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company has planted approximately 287
984 square meters of land. The Company plans to plant
 over the next 5 years
 100
000 square meters
 representing approximately 20
000 square meters per year. The Company plans on harvesting the existing 2
664 square meters of ginseng in 2017.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;In August 2012
 a typhoon struck the Mudanjiang Ginseng farm destroying approximately 111
839 square meters of planted ginseng having an approximate value of RMB 6
754
675 (US$ 1
075
640)
 which was charged as an Impairment loss in the Statement of Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;An analysis of ginseng crop costs is as follows for each of the applicable periods.:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=6&gt;June 30
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom:
 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left;&gt;Beginning Crop Costs&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;681
967&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;2
495
543&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Currency Conversion Adjustment to Beginning Balance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Capitalized Costs During Year:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Wages&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;21
162&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;381
803&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Fertilizer&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
457&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Ginseng Shelf&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;59
701&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Field clearing and cultivation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;81
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Farmer lease fee net of management fee&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;301
473&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;996&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
589&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;3
399&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;4
385&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Total Capitalized Costs&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;25
557&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;832
808&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Less:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Impairment of ginseng crops&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1
075
640&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Cost of crops harvested&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(700
803&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(1
570
744&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(700
803&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(2
646
384&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Ending Crop Costs&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6
721&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;681
967&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Less: Current portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;Non-Current Portion of Crop Costs&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;6
721&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;681
967&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The cost of harvest is calculated by reference to the planting area and the detailed costs maintained for each planting area.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Based upon the square meters planted by area
 a square meter cost is calculated and applied to the square meters harvested
 rendering a cost of harvest.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;For each financial reporting period
 the Ginseng crop harvested is valued at net realizable value.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;If the net realizable value is lower than carrying value


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;NOTE H &amp;#8211; AGREEMENTS WITH FARMERS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company has executed agreements with a number of local farmers to grow
 cultivate and harvest Ginseng utilizing the Company&amp;#8217;s land grants.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The farming contracts commenced in January 2008 and ended in 2013.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In connection with these agreements
 the Company (1) leases sections of the Ginseng land grants to the farmers at approximately $1.50 (10 RMB) per square meter per year
 (2) provides the seeds and fertilizer to the farmers and clears the land of large debris.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These costs are capitalized by the Company and included in the Ginseng Crop inventory
 (3) pays the farmers a management fee of approximately $0.50 (4.00 RMB) per square meter per year and (4) the farmers are required to produce 2kg of Ginseng for each square meter that they manage.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company pays the farmers market price for their Ginseng.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;If the harvest is below 2kg per square meter
 the difference will be deducted from the total payment for Ginseng purchased.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;If the harvest produces more that 2kg per square meter
 the Company pays approximately $3.00 for every extra kilo. The Company records these agreements on a net basis by individual farmers.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; The Company has also recorded a payable to the farmers for the net management fee due to the farmers.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The liability at June 30
 2014 and 2013 was $873
964 and $870
300
 respectively.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The receivable and liability balances for the respective areas will be settled at harvest time when the Company purchases the harvest at the current market value for Ginseng.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 76%;&gt;Cost&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right;&gt;18
261&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right;&gt;18
184&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(15
286&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(13
404&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2
975&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: right;&gt;4
780&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Amortization expense was $1
829 and $1
789 for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013


 the Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiary
 Tonghua Linyuan
 borrowed 2
000
000 RMB from Ji&amp;#8217;an Qingshi Credit Corporation at an interest rate of 6.325% per annum with a maturity date of April 4
 2003. The loan is currently in default. In March 2008
 the lender verbally agreed that no principal or interest need be paid until the company is generating profits. Interest has been paid on the loan through June 30
 2009 and has been accrued in subsequent periods. The loan is secured by the company&amp;#8217;s inventory and equipment. The loan balance at
 June 30
 2014 and 2013 is $325
055 and $323
693


&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;On March 2
 2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with Meihekou Hang Yilk Tax Warehousing Logistics
 an auctioneer
 to purchase office and warehouse facilities. The purchase price was $1
462
749 (RMB 9
000
000). On June 24
 2011
 the Company made payment of $81
264 (RMB 500
000) leaving a balance of $1
381
485 (RMB 8
500
000). On September 10
 2011
 the Company paid 8
000
000 RMB through the proceeds of a loan with Merkekou City Rural Credit Union. The loan was due on August 12
 2012. The interest rate is a floating rate adjusted upwards by 90%. At June 30
 2012
 the Central Bank Rate was 6.31%. Applying the adjustment factor yields a rate of 11.989%. The loan is secured by the building. The remaining 500
000 RMB was paid as follows: (a) 100
000 RMB in December 2010 and (b) 400
000 RMB in June 2011. On August 30
 2012
 the loan was renegotiated extending the maturity date to August 29
 2014 and requires principal payments of 1
000
000 RMB (USD 162
528) in September 2012; 1
000
000 RMB (USD 162
528) on August 29
 2013; 1
000
000 RMB (USD 162
528) on December 20
 2013 and 5
000
000 RMB (USD 812
637) on August 29


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On October 29
 2013
 the Company borrowed $5
929
461 (RMB 36
474
054) in order to fund the acquisition of machinery and equipment by the Company.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The loan term was to February 28
 2014
 and the Company was to pay $211
606 (RMB 1
300
000) in interest over the life of the loan.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; The loan is secured by the assets of Jilin Huaxia. &amp;#160;On March 3
 2014
 the loan term was extended to June 30


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company has loans with various individuals and finance companies totaling $1
984
219 (RMB 12
208
500) at June 30
 2014 and $52
600 (RMB 325
000) at June 30
 2013.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These loans have various maturity dates ranging from on demand to June 30


 principally residents of China
 who are deemed to be related parties because of their ownership interest in the Company (shareholders).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The individuals have loaned the Company funds which are interest free
 have no specific repayment date
 and are unsecured.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The funds received are evidenced by receipt of cash acknowledgments.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At June 30
 2014 and June 30
 2013 funds borrowed to fund the current operations of the Company were $1
389
124 and $1
279
982
 respectively.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In accordance with FASB ASC 835-30
 the Company has imputed an interest charge of $108
548 and $128
008 which has been recorded in the financial statements for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;At June 30
 2014 and 2013
 the Company had receivables from related parties aggregating $11
900 and $37
355


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Deferred income taxes are determined using the liability method for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and income tax basis of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are measured based on the tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences are included in the Company&amp;#8217;s tax return. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Deferred tax assets consist of the following at:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=6&gt;June 30
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left;&gt;Timing difference related to inventory provisions&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;1
231&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;8
850&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Net operating losses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
567
252&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
376
771&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(2
567
252&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(1
376
771&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;Deferred income tax asset&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;1
231&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;8
850&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: center; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font
 style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The deferred tax asset is the result of an inventory provision and related reserve. Under Chinese tax laws
 the Company are not entitled to a deduction for the provision until the inventory is completely discarded. Accordingly
 the liability has been recorded offset by a deferred tax asset representing a timing difference.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company has a net operating loss carry forward as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=6&gt;June 30
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px;&gt;China&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;7
361
710&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;3
730
738&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;United States&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;2
907
296&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;1
776
346&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;10
269
006&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;5
507
084&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The operating losses are available to offset future taxable income. The China net operating loss carryforwards can only be carried forward for five years and will commence expiring in the year 2013.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company does not file a consolidated tax return in China. Therefore
 the profitability of the individual Chinese companies will determine the utilization of the carryforward losses. The U.S. carryforward losses are available to offset future taxable income for the succeeding 20 years and commence expiring in the year 2027.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The components of income before taxes are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times,
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=6&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=6&gt;June 30
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px;&gt;China&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;(3
630
972&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;(2
982
596&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;United States&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(1
130
950&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(663
408&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(4
761
922&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(3
646
004&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The provision for income taxes consists of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=6&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=6&gt;June 30
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px;&gt;China&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;United States&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black;
 border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;A reconciliation of the Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate as a percentage of income before taxes and Federal statutory rate for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=6&gt;June 30
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left;&gt;Federal statutory rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;(34.0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;(34.0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;30.7&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;30.7&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Earnings taxed at other than United States statutory rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


 2013
 the Company discontinued its' grape production operations.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company sold the assets and liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan
 and closed Tonghua Linyuan.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The following summarizes the operations of Tonghua Linyuan with the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; colspan=6&gt;June 30
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left;&gt;Total costs and expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right;&gt;(1
455
858&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Operating loss&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1
455
858&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Other expense&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(42
456&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;Provision for taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Loss from discontinued operations before disposal&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1
498
314&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Gain on disposal&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;695
818&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left;&gt;Loss from discontinued operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: right;&gt;(802
496&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=text-align: left; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company has retained $510


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company has employment agreements with various individuals in China. The following summarizes the contractual commitments under these agreements:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1479px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: justify; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Year ended&amp;#160;&lt;br /&gt;June 30
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Commitment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; width: 1302px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 133px; text-align: right;&gt;53
882&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 14px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;43
315&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;20
509&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding: 0px 0px 0px 10pt; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;117
706&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company has one year leases for its corporate offices in China aggregating 200
727 RMB per year (USD $32
673) expiring on December 31
 2014. The commitments for these leases at June 30
 2014 was 100
364 RMB (USD $16
337).&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Chinese government owns all the land in China. Currently
 the Company has grants from the Chinese government for approximately 1
500 hectors of land (3
705 acres) to grow Ginseng. These grants are for 20 years. There is no assurance that the Chinese government will continue to renew these grants in the future. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forestry Bureau governing one of the farms approximating 700 hectors (1
730 acres) of land leased by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000;
 text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company had a 15 year lease with the Representative of Group One Farmer
 Si&amp;#8217;An City
 Qingshi
 Qingshi Town
 Qingshi Village
 China to lease 750 acres to grow and harvest grapes.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The lease expired December 31
 2014. The annual lease fee is 187
500 RMB or approximately $29
600 per year to lease the acreage.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The land and buildings on the premises have a separate lease concurrent with the property lease. The Company sold this lease as part of the sale of the assets of Tonghua Linyuan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In 2008
 the Company entered into a 5 year lease to refrigerate and store fresh Ginseng. The annual lease fee approximates $15
500 per year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Rent expense was $32
584 and $35
436 for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013


 2014
 one customer accounted for 64% of revenues and another two customers accounted for 25% of revenues.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;No other customer accounted for more than 10% of revenues.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;In the year ended June 30
 2013


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;NOTE S &amp;#8211; OPERATING SEGMENTS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company currently has one operating segment
 the cultivation and harvest of Ginseng for the production of Ginseng beverages.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Prior to June 30
 2013
 the Company organized its business into two reportable segments: (1) the cultivation and harvest of Ginseng for the production of Ginseng beverages and (2) the production of wine and grape juice.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;On June 30
 2013
 the Company discontinued its' wine and grape juice production business.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s reportable business segments are strategic business units that offer different products.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Each segment is managed separately because they require different productions techniques and market to different classes of customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Year ended June 30
 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;Parent Company&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;Ginseng&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;Wine&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal
 'times new roman', times,;&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 142px; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 142px; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
610
024&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 141px; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 141px; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
610
024&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(1
130
950&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
630
972&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(4
761
922&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;17
243&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;8
803
048&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;8
820
291&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Other significant items:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
582&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;76
327&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;77
909&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Interest&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;46
873&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;755
359&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;802
232&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;
 background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Expenditures for fixed assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Income tax expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Impairment of investment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;24
905&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;24
905&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust:
 none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Year ended June 30
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;Parent Company&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;Ginseng&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;Wine&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; colspan=2&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 815px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 142px; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 142px; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
563
165&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 141px; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 141px; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;3
563
165&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;
 font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(663
408&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(2
180
100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(802
496&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;(3
646
004&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;89
610&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
277
621&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;5
367
231&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Other significant items:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
244&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust:
 none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;79
996&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;82
240&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Interest&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;52
891&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;198
899&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;251
790&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Expenditures for fixed assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;272&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
417&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;2
689&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Income tax expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Impairment of ginseng crops&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
227
979&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;1
227
979&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;





 cash equivalents include investment instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;There were no cash equivalents at June 30


 ginseng drinks and supplies and is stated at the lower of cost or market value.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Cost is determined using the First-In


 2014 and 2013
 advertising expenses were $0 and $1
035


 labor
 applicable overhead including depreciation
 and supplies. Common costs are allocated in each period based upon the total number of hectors under cultivation during the period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The carrying value of the Ginseng crops is reviewed on a regular basis for any impairment in value using management&amp;#8217;s best estimate as to expected future market values


 although
 senior maturity can be 8 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Harvested Ginseng can be sold in two ways: (1) fresh Ginseng which can be sold immediately and stored in refrigerators for up to 3 years and (2) dried Ginseng which is processed and dried via sunlight and steam machines. Drying is a two month process.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Dried Ginseng can be stored up to 5 years. The Company has also been storing fresh Ginseng for future juice manufacturing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;When the Company sells Ginseng
 it receives orders prior to harvest.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;For large orders
 approximately 20% to 30% is paid upon delivery as payment in advance.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The balance is billed after the customer incurs a lengthy inspection process which can take up to 60 days.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Until the customer finalizes its inspection and deems the shipment acceptable
 the shipment is still the property of the Company.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Upon customer completion of inspection and approval
 the sale is then recognized and the balance of the invoice price is wired to the Company. For smaller orders
 customers pick up the Ginseng from the Company
 pay in cash at time of pick up and receive an invoice with appropriate sales tax applied and a cash acknowledgement. On these orders
 revenue is recognized upon shipment/payment. During the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 no orders were subject to the inspection process.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company has entered into several distribution agreements to sell Ginseng juice and wine.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In accordance with these agreements
 the distributors will advance funds to the Company for orders to be placed.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Upon the placement of orders by the distributor
 the Company will ship the product to the distributor and title will pass to the distributor.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;In relation to distribution agreements for Ginseng beverages
 it is the Company&amp;#8217;s policy
 commencing with the initiation of the distribution agreements
 to allow the distributors to return all unsold products at the end of six months from the shipment date should the product not be sold and the product has not exceeded the expiration date.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company is establishing history as to the quantity of the Ginseng which has been returned in order to determine if a reserve for returns and allowances is necessary.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;To date
 returns have been minimal.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;For each reporting period
 the Company&amp;#160;ascertains from each distributor its&amp;#8217; current on hand quantity and assesses the situation in order to establish a return allowance
 if necessary.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;At June 30
 2014
 no inventory was held on consignment. At June 30
 2014 and 2013




 as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 625.59px; text-align: left;&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 612px;&gt;6 - 40 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;5 - 15 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;5 - 10 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;5 - 10 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Routine maintenance
 repairs and replacement costs are expensed as incurred and improvements that extend the useful life of the assets are capitalized.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;When equipment is sold or otherwise disposed of



&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;Reporting Comprehensive Income




 deferred taxes are determined based on differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted tax rates in effect in years in which differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary


&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.5in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: auto; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: 0px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; font-size: 10pt; line-height: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;The Company follows ASC 740-10&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;(&amp;#8220;ASC 740-10&amp;#8221;).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;This interpretation requires recognition and measurement of uncertain income tax positions using a &amp;#8220;more-likely-than-not&amp;#8221; approach.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Management evaluates their tax positions on an annual basis
 and has determined that as of June 30
 2014 and 2013
 no additional accrual for income taxes other than the foreign


 primarily property and equipment
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset
 a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used
 or a significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets is not recoverable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;For long-lived assets to be held and used


 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles
 and expands disclosure about fair value measurements.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;ASC issued 825-10
&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities-Including an Amendment of ASC 320-10


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606&lt;/i&gt;).&amp;#8221; The new guidance provides new criteria for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance requires expanded disclosures to provide greater insight into both revenue that has been recognized and revenue that is expected to be recognized in the future from existing contracts. Quantitative and qualitative information will be provided about the significant judgments and changes in those judgments that management made to determine the revenue that is recorded. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements&amp;#160;&amp;#8212;&amp;#160;Going Concern&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;(&lt;i&gt;Subtopic 205-40).&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221; The new guidance addresses management&amp;#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Management&amp;#8217;s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December&amp;#160;15



&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 950.4px; text-align: left;&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 112.8px; text-align: right;&gt;1
462
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 112px; text-align: right;&gt;1
456
618&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;388
159&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;387
826&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;30
307&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;30
179&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;25
092&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;25
021&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
906
307&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
899
644&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(447
749&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(369
254&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;1
458
558&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;1
530


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 950.4px; text-align: left;&gt;Depreciation Expense&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 112.8px; text-align: right;&gt;76
080&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12.8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 112px; text-align: right;&gt;80
452&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Capitalized Ginseng Crops&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;997&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;2
589&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;77
077&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;83


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right;&gt;226
130&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right;&gt;213
209&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
911&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;46
100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;Operating supplies&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;4
371&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;4
352&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: right;&gt;233
412&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: right;&gt;263


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left;&gt;Beginning Crop Costs&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;681
967&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;2
495
543&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Currency Conversion Adjustment to Beginning Balance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Capitalized Costs During Year:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Wages&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;21
162&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;381
803&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Fertilizer&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
457&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Ginseng Shelf&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;59
701&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Field clearing and cultivation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;81
400&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Farmer lease fee net of management fee&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;301
473&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;996&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
589&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;3
399&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;4
385&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Total Capitalized Costs&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;25
557&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;832
808&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Less:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align:
 left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Impairment of ginseng crops&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1
075
640&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Cost of crops harvested&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(700
803&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(1
570
744&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(700
803&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(2
646
384&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Ending Crop Costs&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6
721&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;681
967&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Less: Current portion&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;Non-Current Portion of Crop Costs&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;6
721&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;681


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 76%;&gt;Cost&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right;&gt;18
261&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right;&gt;18
184&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;Less accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(15
286&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(13
404&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2
975&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: right;&gt;4


&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=6&gt;June 30
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left;&gt;Timing difference related to inventory provisions&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;1
231&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;8
850&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Net operating losses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
567
252&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
376
771&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(2
567
252&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(1
376
771&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;Deferred income tax asset&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;1
231&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;8
850&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px;&gt;China&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;7
361
710&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;3
730
738&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;United States&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;2
907
296&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;1
776
346&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;10
269
006&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;5
507


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px;&gt;China&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;(3
630
972&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;(2
982
596&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;United States&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(1
130
950&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(663
408&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(4
761
922&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(3
646




&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left;&gt;Federal statutory rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;(34.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;(34.0&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;)%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;State income taxes


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left;&gt;Total costs and expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;(1
455
858&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Operating loss&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1
455
858&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Other expense&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(42
456&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;Provision for taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Loss from discontinued operations before disposal&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1
498
314&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Gain on disposal&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;695
818&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;Loss from discontinued operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;(802


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;Commitment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 88%; text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding: 0px;&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right;&gt;53
882&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding: 0px;&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;43
315&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 0px; padding: 0px;&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;20
509&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 0px; text-align: left; padding-top: 0px; padding-left: 10pt; padding-right: 0px; text-indent: 0px;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 4pt double; text-align: right;&gt;117


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Year ended June 30
 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1422.72px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Parent Company&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Ginseng&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Wine&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 740px;&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 128.18px; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 128.18px; text-align: right;&gt;2
610
024&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 128.18px; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 13.63px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 13.63px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 13.63px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 127.27px; text-align: right;&gt;2
610
024&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 13.63px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;(1
130
950&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;(3
630
972&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;(4
761
922&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;
 text-align: right;&gt;17
243&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;8
803
048&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;8
820
291&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;Other significant items:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;1
582&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;76
327&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;77
909&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Interest&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;46
873&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;755
359&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;802
232&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;Expenditures for fixed assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman',
 times,;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;Income tax expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Impairment of investment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;24
905&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;24
905&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Year ended June 30
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 1422.72px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Parent Company&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Ginseng&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Wine&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; border-bottom-color:
 black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 740px;&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 128.18px; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 128.18px; text-align: right;&gt;3
563
165&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 14.54px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 128.18px; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 13.63px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 13.63px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 13.63px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 127.27px; text-align: right;&gt;3
563
165&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 13.63px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;(663
408&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;(2
180
100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;(802
496&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;(3
646
004&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;Total Assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;89
610&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;5
277
621&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;5
367
231&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;Other significant items:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size:
 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;2
244&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;79
996&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;82
240&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;Interest&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;52
891&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;198
899&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;251
790&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;Expenditures for fixed assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;272&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;2
417&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;2
689&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;Income tax expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;Impairment of ginseng crops&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal
 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;1
227
979&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right;&gt;1
227
979&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;





























































































































 the difference will be deducted from the total payment for Ginseng purchased. If the harvest produces more that 2kg per square meter



















































































































































 October 15






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 October 15





























































































































































































 October 15





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 October 15





















































































 Net



 Net
 Current




 Net










 Current







 Current










 Plant and Equipment



 net of accumulated depreciation of $447
749 and $369
254 at June 30
 2014 and 2013




 Plant and Equipment
 Net


 Plant and Equipment
 Net

















 valued using full absorption costing method Including costs for seeds
 labor
 applicable overhead including depreciation






 net of accumulated amortization of $15
286 and $13
404 at June 30
 2014 and 2013


 Net (Excluding Goodwill)



















































 Current







 Current







 Current







 Current

























 Noncurrent





 Including Discontinued Operation


















 Value


 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 44
397
297 shares issued and outstanding at June 30
 2014 and 2013


 Value
 Issued


 Value
 Issued


 Value
 Issued







 Common Stock


 Common Stock


















 Net of Tax


 Net of Tax


 Net of Tax
















 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant































 Shares





 Shares
 Issued




 Shares




 Shares
 Outstanding


 Shares
 Outstanding






































 Depletion and Amortization








































 Extraordinary Items
























 Gain (Loss) on Disposal of Discontinued Operation











 Net of Tax













 Net Of Tax





 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Gain (Loss) Arising During Period






 Net Of Tax

















 Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operation
 Net of Tax





























 Net of Tax
























































































































































































 at Carrying Value

















 Net







 Net




















































 Nature Of Business

























































































































 Including Discontinued Operations





































































 Plant and Equipment













































 Plant and Equipment










 Plant and Equipment









































 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement















































































 Indemnification Agreements






































 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment








































 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



































































 Plant and Equipment
 Net





 Plant and Equipment











































 Raw Materials





 Finished Goods





 Supplies























































































































































 valued using full absorption costing method Including costs for seeds
 labor
 applicable overhead including depreciation




















































































































































 Net















































 Current



























































































































 Operating Loss Carryforwards





 Operating Loss Carryforwards





 Operating Loss Carryforwards










 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items
















 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items




















 Continuing Operations










 State and Local Income Taxes




























































 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups







 Including Discontinued Operations




 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups




 Including Discontinued Operation





 Including Discontinued Operation





 Including Discontinued Operation





 Including Discontinued Operation





 Including Discontinued Operation





 Provision for Loss (Gain) on Disposal










































































































































































































 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets of the reportable segment; if the amount: (a) is included in the determination of segment assets reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) is otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker




















 October 15



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 image_001.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_X0!F17AI9@``24DJ``@````$`!H!!0`!
M````/@```!L!!0`!````1@```@!`P`!`````@```#$!`@`0````3@``````
M``!@`````0```&`````!````4&%I;G0N3D54('8U+C`P`/_;`$,``@$!`0$!
M`@$!`0(`@(!`,`@(!00$`P0&!08&!@4&!@8'0@&!PD'!@8(P@)@H*
M@H&`L









MA&V_$X$DI'\=JGCC`)40`DPK!RSI)X'CVHATAQRU7C*LJ;9ZZ99
?\`NI@\H@[\_NG

M1:PX-!DAL9`2
\YPQ6WMEDLMCMGFY!
1C.9
'+=CXKJ:'ZUX/T@M/V=2].U3

LA\8F1
MJ[\

M50=3-4


QI#G%OR)#10.?@S[YJMIOD-NGSRBW/``[3&
;`

M+7;WV1P::@)ELB
1+@)B0(
QVXJMEL3+4)%




&77GIUNNJW7K.A#:U\$I)1L7.]5!.W`K<;'D:J6(=(/2+
]/H
M^I\/-H
6SR'U
MR)\@-;+!5LE05L4J*4\?#X0D\_=K#H62YRT:@$8$8D8-B#
MGLE956T7J''6))Q!P!Q=F#`S




M&^`0'6G!S0H;_I!\!!JLY#G.%8E*BPLJRZVVUZ:L)B-3IB&BZ2H)&W$1X5$#




#@Z&D

&+P-LK*?N(*.](2GA!.
M_(DGG55P+HPMZ8:?8MI]@^K%ZC-XB_
7;I;T*





.B2
E0X_0PQ]G
]/L

M%$)R9T1+5G%BZV:6VFDI0N
KM=P]K*&_5AM7



Q

OI
M9B=K+;!]]#J$[CW`ZD^[4D5P3+9;;@_&DSH+3KL-TNQ'%IW4RL@@J2?-P2#


4A/PQFC^1+E1IJ%[I+D-LO*4

M:!`CB#

V
N-)4M+SH6G`


('S@)SR5?/:FM,)G&3LRDF8P&9V!8
M^Z::?:N8([A&07/3V[28N+97D*[E9S*CNRE-3G%JC3F?L@0\6PHA7?)5]E60
M.1WZ.
Z;:NV^SQK-(T;FP&/57*W$3(

MX02:R0I7C_B:(:`'N@1NZ.CH7J;SJ$DEHQZ^GIZ5!SF+9/)T0TBTFNMF?@7^

Y


MX4CT6];LZCW+932E*XHNJI2E*(E*4HB4I2B)2E*(E*4HB4I2B)2E*(E*4HB4
MI2B)2E*(E*4HB4I2B)2E*(E*4HB4I2B)2E*(E*4HB4I2B)2E*(E*4HB4I2B)




Q=Q<B[3[1O`K4'P+_-/\*<_P`T_P`*
MV^=QU['AXCKC\H%^^G4[CKV/#Q'7'Y0+]].IZ0K%[%W$)R,M/M&\M0?`O\`

MN[[J3&8!W.WV

D*Q^Q=Q<C+3[



MJWBG]3?:R

M4I1$I2K)Z1.O&GW1?T1R?I`:J37F+!BEI=GW#M5GK'G0D;(9:1N.-UQ92VA&


MI\Z#W_$F


)



IL;;EQKB2

M1)2`.8KJVS7VP72UV2ZMX#G32+Y=%06&I.#W!IV

M0`0=^==NZ:T62U7&^VE[#



M!WW.NW=]:[+9[CD5N=PK













=J5@

QL



MWZEN


MJX^QGCFG^
O
8Y:



M/9'+O&LHPS

TS['KK;I%9\;G8-TB+3'RIC#+OCF2Y
]C3KJ]KC=%7)^Y06UR2&IB

P*:'::


MO*64I)+*![YJ[NAMT9K]T;


MAQ22$@./*2TA4(&P)-XW37PV@Y+UN#YJ]ZUU



+H<B+E1WT\AM;C
MRL)<2I)5ML2D[;^&B*:*5#?MOYWDE:R?%)CZ33VW\[R2M9/BDQ])HBF2E0W
M[;^=Y)6LGQ28^DT]M_.\DK63XI

M^*3'TFB*9*5#?MOYWDE:R?%)CZ33VW\[R2M9/BDQ])HBF2E0W[;^=Y)6LGQ2
M8^DT]M_.\DK63XI

;3][HQ:Q)O
M

5F1$EW=UX%/;6X`3
8V)&QW4!]J:
MOOVW\[R2M9/BDQ])HBF2E0W[;^=Y)6LGQ28^DT]M_.\DK63XI
?2:(IDI4-^

MBDQ])HBF2E0W[;^=Y)6LGQ28^DT]M_.\DK63XI



M$2E*41*Z=YN]JQZT2L@O]UCP8$&
N1.FS'TM
QV4)*EN+6H@(2E()*B0``2:


AGNVV
MV)N%#



2.AU3++82DEXKNL)51%F!K;TA8NEN-8MDF)6!K
M*TY3FUKQZ*U;KLVC83'RTJ0A7I+@:`4XI.X[QM9W'#L;UE9IB
&S
9+-RNV
M




M%*E*!(




MV99_FJIAHB4I2B)2E*(E*4HB4I2B)2E*(E1-TF/O@:*?O9_^07FI9J)NDQ]\
M#13][/\`\@O-$4LTI2B)2E*(E*4HB4I2B)2E*(E*4HB4I2B*V%:U:.)5P*U:

M`/LU:



L?1;-6+O;[%;;$\U'7+G)

MWV+W+P&:NK&V9E7Y?=2].L7GFU9+GMEMTH-A9C3[JRRYPGP'A6H'8^_73]FS


^-S%_/T;TZU\ZG])+IP

.^!5E\TL

:N8QR\'_3T?TZJV.97B^6Q7)V*Y'`N;#3G5N/


S


MR^:6/0JEQ:)NOJQ&N*NKB1$3D!TA5O;2)MUVH433UL`9F
_D5Z`?9JT9\;F+





M<'K0P[X%67S2QZ%/6A




Y7.-MQ?.[-<I/5EPQ[?<VGEA`(
M!5PH43MS'/\`2*\^?K0P[X%67S2QZ%9

MMHJ&T+D2E()'Z*P;TT*==M@J6DUIU!
1$X@;^E9=@TJ;;K8V@*4:QB9G9.Y;
MB9DV);X;L^?);889;*WGG7`E#:`-RI1/(`#F2:H'LVZ
^-S&//T?TZCGLDJ&
4U-2-DS/SV%\WV+H<P%FMK3MB(CH.];_?9JT9\;F+^?HWIT]FK1GQ






^-S%_/T;TZ\_WK0P[X%67S2QZ%/6AAWP*LOFEC


.^!
M##O@59?-+'H53LRQ/$6<,N[
MS.(6AM:+6^4+;M;*5)(;.Q!=P?TBO.M^'[J-%S_`^0)_3N^:OI:8MJU`SR
M.9C/P7HX`WW&W_K5OW+5;2ZQW!VUWO4FP0Y3MGHTJ\L-N-GWE)4H$'_`!JO







M`JR^:6/0IZT


.^!5

M:&'?`JR^:6/0IZT







MD:%=].9U21P
*:4:GEJ+7Q$@'BOJE*5Y+V2E*41*4I1%YS=-?O:8U^SD#^F;


]4`RODK;B]S<[BKC;;(!KC'+$?W84%
MCM1!.H<.@_W:I&I5DXGTA-*<JBVY'KO@1;A<;&+HFUJD]:M$;JNM4H+0ASA
M1WQX23MSVVJAY7TM]
+1;;-?


=OR1MBM3GZH89_NW)2E2HQPCI7:9Y'C$G



M_(LOS8U4`5/_`&5#\83J)_D67YL:J`*ENB_J&A\*CE_^N*O7]@E*Z62W9^P8

MNC*GF(\^9VJRM2=MU`$A2MN7
I!XA6VK6NS6=VK4=!B=N0SV+`HV6T6@2QLX

=;ZQ$=I+A'7N<!B-TA(4.9)V
MJ@MEE<T.#P9RC$S$Q'5BJ&R6@.(+8C?AMWY9X*]*5;$[6;2NU76YV[9SC7
MRP%S;Q=4KK(D=M*5..*'#S`M/%P[\.XWVKIQND5H5-8BRXFJ-N=8F3TP8

M_P!MX'S1#J)Z=^I/]@I%HCZU_P!3WA=_L]OWE-+/WI+^8+O6M:ME/9[?O*:6



]'M;LDN

KK&&G&.%0&P7[Q-26O:+12K$-
M9K-@9`S)..

M(\M=^R)3$Y2V[MVS)*PCC#J'&@M*05$;+`/NFL
WK:2_5%$R!)&.4QA@LH7;

?\`



MVZO4J-::)`.9




MRH_2.T&E7#U(CZL6@RNV1'Z@N+2KK2]U/!L4CGUWV
^X%$`[;C?ER/7'3RPK

B




MI:R$[FL%CJPKAKJ^L#((@@R1AAMRWK
$?9'@Z7$N-;!3*6M@#MQ54\_

S40%M!+T0A6ZD.API&^^RD'8D#8S1?
]






H(ZX7#W57TZK]4Y

MJF0GV&^KBK#':DJ1)90IK=0Y+@/%N2-N?*ON



M8YEF1WE







M@N


M
C


M[RE?$E4A



M-RW'=1)6$#*


MP0./2M@W5=#C3D&=LG-6^[TB]5DPYD^78





PKJ([$



@(8Z/['<5`64]$'23
M&[!)=S+6R[6^&\BX3+FJA
CAEQ6(CW

XC?BMG2MM8M!=
M4@_(9[L%1)&E6AU[L5\R6[=('MRUW?%X6+SYH?A-M-MQR'8ZDJ0V/LP.ZSON
M%`\QL*ZJ=!-#;?E-CMDOI%37+A;KVF]P+8]-A$/27IG;B'0V&]@%K44A2=BI






MVF



;7R]6MF*W;I]
/+F*\/-+7LJ[-RR/.;+MI]JA4=*/)8R[FQ=&
42[%$

MXB251^)+CI/$]NEY2D\*.8;W*]^)(^[UTF
IQW))ULO


8=CKG=5(;5




JM+GRW&1$








M[TE_


M

M



2=ARVJ*\-T&S:8W:[XWC..VE
M=NF!UH26'H[JG.WVY+K[;*&4B/QH26P@@$#_`-T\[]FZ9Y0_K_#U78FV@6V-
M<C.
=4I

M@=H7:O6D^F%SDW&\W&^\[.49#J8UR=*FW]FR9#$*^QOJZELE:`%**!^FNH
BZOW^))QRZ0(CLQRW]7'0RKKUR.^#?`EP;\6QXQ^5M4N6NUVZQVR/
M9+/#0Q$AL)9C,-H4H0D;``#D.0K(HT6U2?*4@(^?V^:\:M1]
?DJ$]GW*_+





MEQ^8X]U2%+XU-MA:B&T%7
I3L.0]X55NU(G_`+(S_P#XI_\`I539[8YC1Y2
M)G9W;E05[*UY/DY&&V(WJ
M*]3;KGF:99(?RN&EI-BC/P[;&=4ZNU*#LMM?




[6P/<E.HRI:V%K8



M1!!IET_Q_P`5@Y+TE;^VV



M[;5Z#5+R:=;.3`QVCN5GYM4:]/*!CA_94;V_I
Y'9%WZ_3
KQFX1)`[:AI
Q
MU3
-?:45U


WUW'[U)4PZTE2W'?4Y2F0

MI;B-DN)2E2MMCWH&WA%6AKF`AU?(Y;09F-ZKK-?!%+/^.J%;V1](R?CFFV
Y
MO+39T2+Q-4W


M+0F[:U8(
F2_)O3
X1'X+S*[8E4@,+4^.`]2I*CWJ5[!6QV/@JZ\/RZRYS8
MVLDQY3ZH;RU!ER1'4T5@';B`5X4GW#X#6?2KTGG4:X$@+?1JL.N6P%N-[#K


MJYVTF@O





MM8KS%$4#






M6$
P=RB3L]FYT4TL)&W_:DOY@N]:UJW'=D:Z&MVZ9VG6*8E9M4(F+/XYEW

2QV$;4(C?VVF/?);)^N:L
MT1ORP7==9I5S#M8G(G`QN5=)+JMEMO`5*0D:H&8&U82TK-KN(NH7E:X]\ELG

M8O
HZ


21




J]$<
'8'8';<;UL6[B+J%Y6N/?);)^N:=Q%U\K7'ODMD_7-4.D.CI&



M/Y6NZ9T?\(E2&YXO&0

M-!V$74



C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R










C.
C/I0`M%)D9QD9':C(R!D9/04



M91GIDT`.HIHD0G`=2?0&D\V/^^OYT`/HI`P894@CVI%D1V*JZLR]0#G%`#J*

\4


M[J5U;OLFAMI)(VQG#!20

#


MW'!G(_\`9?0=^IKSVBO1_A[\/!K2IJVK*18`_NHNAFQW/HO\ZU]RA#R(]ZI(



MJ3+=


Q2MY
MJN.A+9^;GJ#63;:G-?/X)\33J!+.SV%T5X!+@@'Z;T_6M2YU#QEJ%F]A%H$-

MYU2DUI-W_P`A6['/:A

MV$&M7;VTJ

MTY+&:P#PO&DN_P;:V>
M=?




L+V
1W
$.V1

(-;\/%X(6T;5(;A98HFN`ZRA<':Q7^%N1BLG6HO$G
MBS31H]SX<BT]9'0RWDMTD@B`(),87DMQQTI0ET;Z]_ZN#7]?UL5_$7B+PY\





M[UTDO-
IX_.HO'@[Q!X/UZ/RI+

M


M^T26D`UC[


U&F]+ZDM-R






M+W_CUFN4209QD$]/QZ




;./+)HZ4[JX44
M45(PHHHH`****`BBB@`JNUC:O?QWS0(UU'&8TE(Y5202!Z9P*L447`***H:

=1Z'Z54M

GCD_7T]Z`.IHK#;Q'&+TQ!8C$)O)
M/[W]YG.





'Z'
M(/O0!T%%92:E=2







=MWK
M4
.J7L=O=23QP?+=-&K23A40#U..WXDYH`W:*Q(-=EN8X5@M8Y)I99(N)?D!



M





H/

T:`MG_


MU^1\LMF95:?

M#\EU87D61Z
I_D1^A%?+1!!((((.
$&O0OAAXS_L:_&C7\F-/NG_=.QXAD


GF-
M^ZG_`#S7%B:'LW=;&U.IS*SW.%^-/_()TO\`Z[O_`.@UXU7LOQI_Y!.E_P#7

M

&&*'/'1#D'
I
MJU10!E?V(HPZWEPLRS-,)?ESN*A3QC&,#I2_V)8]K32LY64.Y(RYD`!)X]N
M*U**`

MQ^56:*`



G\NU5?[%C
MD6<W5Q-/-,H0RGE`#D;0!@<\_6M.B@#
&CA][7%U-/





;]Q].X/I45Z;HS]I#8JG)
M3CRL^9R

MKAOWJ*.(G/\`0_S^HKSBNR


M*0=A;.0


T3CJK#^AZ&N2E-T:O)T-I1YXW/G

MQ1G`5^O^^U=-7AU?C?J=D?A04445!04444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
7!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?_]D_
`
end











    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Property and equipment
 gross

906
307

899
644


        

749)

254)


Property and equipment
 net

458
558

530
390



          

        
        


        
        
        


Property and equipment
 gross

462
749

456
618



          

        
        


        
        
        


Property and equipment
 gross

159

826



          

        
        


        
        
        


Property and equipment
 gross

307

179



          

        
        


        
        
        


Property and equipment
 gross

092

021




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2013

          







        
        
        
        
        
        


        

984
219

208
500

600

000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 and which are not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 unchanging rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      


 2013



          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

 the difference will be deducted from the total payment for Ginseng purchased. If the harvest produces more that 2kg per square meter
 the Company pays approximately $3.00 for every extra kilo.

 the difference will be deducted from the total payment for Ginseng purchased. If the harvest produces more that 2kg per square meter
 the Company pays approximately $3.00 for every extra kilo.
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

964

300




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including liabilities for compensation costs
 fringe benefits other than pension and postretirement obligations
 rent
 contractual rights and obligations
 and statutory obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!O4(MF1@(``-HG```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#

M

C]]


)Y&'P9.K0$

OZ_J?9
M.21(#@62HP#)H4%RE`YWH/DN`+)\0$DAYBC!$$15:0*E!,%2BHA15!0JK


$%``&``@````A`+55

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

%'*86C1DQFH9=R4Y3V&
MOQY0+3S5P6H(!WL'JC[Z//FRMS1-;W@OYGUBETZ

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````O)K-;MI`%(7WE?H.UNR+N?-'
M4L5D$U7*MDT?P#(#1@';\DS:\O8=T=8E4G/*PCH;)-MBN/)\]WS7P-W]C^.A

MI_RFV.Z'6.15NEBI-J7A8UG&I@W'.B[Z(73YRK8?CW7*A^.N'.KFN=Z%4B^7




%WP3MV^C;)=HLZQCE^-0

]S&1A&TNPL=B*$*@(S5:$

MMB0\E

M;'MJ:$_#1L=`=BS;GA;:T['MZ:`]9=8$O&*V$&A/P\Y``T/0LNUIH3T=VYX.
I3V/H4K$_V7AFX68;-L<$1R

M!S/'L3/'39E3OOH+W?HG````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`$JU6V@0%``#:

M0G&_QTXO%L8^+965RQMG2



=\6_DK7[:A50`+ORHQ]J:3?T



M4F]/AO(PE(\1;I-F*[;UL)*@-0&73&4E=Y$'@B\KTR97B!RL*BM2-0*9G`



MAW=1E.8H


M=SC/LV@C#*9G7

]!L]-LWV^&3$RV.(%EN

MT+$Q[V/$QV



MM]'BB/PW55QV);PSNNH2&;Z*=[K63DUR@@SZC


BGS_BD;1'53\OC$4N?8?D1
G&PD.MF


%IYEVLY4\U/!NI9

L0K:5%PYONR0KQ\NA+X&D*'C)0:[

FZWJ2M@RAXS4FA*;KNI*V#2'



7:XZX9.F147&RNLZCDUJL.A
MR



KG[J5N#WVMJ+0_9Z;O^HWG\5Q?'4PG('T)%L;+7__BB:'!2%


M01!3I;`(5T4\8*^^AX^F+W:02-?78]9FVW5=O5LP+'KYIK)T6,K*'AK&_?




M(4;-`O.3V-/LW&0H77VV&7+


82$BE'4-S]KENX2T8V_XXM$Y-CO\K7S@&@[F]!^]50SE.C[&#(Z;O



QO7]H&/3.IN.AR'`4A
M1JPK1



WH9\Y1
2@MYB6'$S:D615CN^BV2K#


G!$;

V2LV#/+
M2R;VB=4;Q%^$@*^C.0CKU)S)=@PU&S9I#@&'T='D.)[Z%I:.&9\PJ4^LA@C/
M(SSHU..P-P/G&+2/WJ#R_I.7CIG8]-Y$R2B;^

$BA
M%:0;XFZA16_'VUIH&+[VLH9O+8/9%P8`5T+HP\)\)HY?[\4?````__\#`%!+

E%UOVC`4AN\G[3]8OF]


ME%C'FYS7NH&



-W]88]W


``!8-```9


M
68:*%1TJY\9JP/3I.D9EX@:I
85/#F2ID0

Q[*69HGR



S0
X4@8YS]DW?!*7=




$9(3L#@
G9AV@

M$&NK3=`R+*6/6'J^-%S''WZ\^$X9EF2J2\F.U;_8P6'5#F7JAH+QVDP6MCU8



$I$@EFTM


M!479B(.MN&&D;H]F!\+@0-K^/


O






1;


--TOVAI'!/Z8KXA2VW



M1)S34L1%@Q3QD2Y?^5KM9#[0R7J`L=O
9#J1!W?:S%0UT!7
CSSV'NCDMYG6

Q
AF#HL[FY
MU3D2$B8D+$C8D'`@X4+@X0/B0`2(22B+D(*/T!G@@\[U4M8)J@ZD-ECC0$
M0X8TC!IX2)B0L!A0\*!A`L)#Q(^)`)(A(+0JP4)F^BCV41YOD6F%7$8EC]

M4?N#C73%7\'M[U

1TS4D3$A8D+`A

M2/B0`10B+J(J30
UJR2['OOLTK7`VZLJ(P:N@VZDI$UQ@Q
6)AQ
:(@Q$7
Y\-A3@5=I6SFA7*Y10QT!7V/$Q(B%$1LC#D9<C'@U(A9X]U9O/A8)
M
!)B).I$YS@):$GLD!4DB@7FKV\SI0)T.#5=DJ5SBR`B%FK+=.[NR&+(D0
MTW*SPZWV2S:VQ
&(BQ$/(SY&`HR$&(DZ$3D)*$3/)`'OIBP6F++H-YB`.I
`
M(B96L3!BUTB]!:

!!@)
1)U(G(6\$K1$U.!







MDA&1@Z%`


M(XVI?4XPQ(O9IP=+:A;DT:K'8!2H&Y
U=;T=O]/[?!9D5RIUCF=F);8*2`

7'M



*@7[E5F9UC0B\R


M#!


[B\_&EER[?PJ^]%$X%P#L]$;3I!N_(=\QWM!962;80@CN)

B:[%[5`_P]O\0\``/__`P!0
M2P



M5WHS0XY4I

M`S
%&PC8\.]2T459$T(HH





1Y:J
T016[ZA4
M*=-2R
D.4O'ZKYT
=##=8GQ:'$'4IWD8^GBQ9P
P^21$D=52\*

M=URP`




M#^8W%^83._]^Y



$

M32KP[!DOL817?G!%S0G.FT5EX4X];^&6F%9(


MR]V\#.A+FG$FV%Y.@
50L&[1$#@0O(TOVVQ7+LO

M@/L:OQ79340R1
Q
CO0=Q!5BJ('ZN%^-`AMJM*&O9A[
S5CB(2:8+DQ

L0

M&4JD
;!=APE-1'P3D=Q$I&
(0]_U*?:?`:WWWB;J$4;!%7;:0C:\$V#1II

5J`-Y#7]UHK

]
M*.OQRE2K;''6[15I3+\#@]`JL/@.3#+$6SI&,(0ZT/+]=6.BVS0MLH'L\.B
MTCGT&K.N'-^F*CD-B0=A9CZU-?YMRL5!K9A-@?3@P;UTVFE(;[PC$2V31

M;ZLX$
??5]KO@'AO@(1+$B4Y*I?N'NFLM%KMY9D2)T$%'`%MVF^_8VR(/61-
MLI7:!O/W




U*=(6

M;[N[&)DO\ZRF#3VT

H@HF)G-/68IHP4X`'^-
F=+`R*2?G;_
M+_F^/6W-A3_S`GOA@-QX)4W[DC.3II&]-RTM_^&BCF@P


$!]FY)E9
MV9HKTX`(-)#;CYWGV1OK`_*14TXULQ51=0K6/9V;@?D
PN/'52TFM8[H%I

-2@&\:0B
O2
M4$G92_IQ4OYJ5TE1'88.%XGU&RQ0))Q7XO*36@DB=:*B@IF9%3]ONLP-5JW
M/FK?0B&2_7-]M+BC&Z)K,D2GRQ\FVT&21&M%Y63O?FE$YR\0U!3B3JYD'U3
M@F#P5

@0=Y9H;SE4&$12NAPD8SBKM#BCFZ(
M4

M6-9H/`[+VQ

SMB*FLK-5`KZ4VT35\@9%
M944Y1TN$JR^CQ9Z).[?=E*@ZAHAD5:=1$&=W^B5IE&[67@CQKV2$&E0HFE)



M970T-BYX;6R4F%UOJS@0AN]7VO^`N$_`?!

MPK1I__V.&0=LD[+)35O@9?S
AV=PE]\^JM)ZIPTO6+VRR=RU+5KG;%_4QY7]
MXY^766);O


M*`V(2/;1_;X4^_:TLOUH'L:N3T!N[2AO7PIATK;R-]ZRZE\4=1[U1CQIQ`=Z

MI[8%\!S2\KX.@V3IO$

MX4


_(8G[16K%A%/ZR'30A-@$&^SBMD6-&K112E&[0(
MAZ!J(8.N=#^9$)MD1B5M4#-)AA(D]/8'2I0R/0.^YGZ]0F7&C4FA1-TDD-
MXB4D
WR5!/-2(SBD:N
(Y
M77P$V[W.-]2.Y$-1T.V+-#7PM](&HGEA
O0C'4PT[?O!L
7K8&8S)BB20?'3

MI!V

B%.0?W_!];_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`60/E;<,


YX;6R4E5UOFS`4AN\G
M[3]8OB_?20*J9I4W2JMTC3MX]H!`U8Q1K;3M/]^QS@A0+JHNTG`Y_7KYQS;


MQ!/(:XH1(Y@






2YX;6R
E%UOVC`4AN\G[3]8


PN;J^[



MNQ[?:(?CU#U6^/4$;(PX0G&AM3LN?-OUW^/%/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`

16:96F:8=KXSB)11Q'MCGTW^]S#%$H



`$



4P=%^MY_T9=P-:_\!)JVE)7^E
MNA2-034OX&@83&TM)]5O[J[1I^JRS




M6
4E-0/5\@8BI=*26ACJ-3&MYK3P2;(F211E1%+1X.`PU;=XJ+(4C#\JMI6\

V;FV2WV$FJ-]OVCBG9@L5*U

))L^KQNEZ:J&N@_Q
:ESE^B*?+#)/YS/?G
MC^![<_&,3*7V7[4HOHN&0[-AF=PK)3:..ESX5Y!
KG*?O(+\$.C@I=T6]N?
M:O^-BW5E8;5'4)K:UJ\/G+#H*%@,TA&SHFI&@#@%TGA=@8TA![\_UX4MLHQ
MR-*&_LDG!5&;&NLDG]#
#Y:A.3DF)P]3$.KSY.)@'`U_-(+9W/M-HCV
P
ME6FIVW'Q%`S?+P#(G?;!B7T*



M+-C@MV




`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

M76_;(!1]G[3_@'AOB)VX3:(X59.J6Z5-FJ9]/!-\;:


QV!G@1
M@E3#TO'XFBDN6QH9%N82#EV64L]%CL%K8LD!AKN4+^M96


7UP^A8\

J3W'F6
MG

MS&M;QPGD[K5-!ON^AS@1@@9=+L2#3X3$B6
ATVPZD'*.R=+K'G
B9OH_8CPX








E6O=3U=:UI)+V@(B$S?$4E7#GAJDAJ^%N=-7*M4')L.A6Y







$%``&``@````A

M;]HP%'V?M/]@^;WY)($@0E6HNE5:I6G:Q[-QG





D4




VRV;&BCC2XV]=+
M







)&V)!G[5L%[MW7AYC1TG\F73WY2]VQ8BW3


M`U-V)&E=X/MPNLRP/Y_9^OQF=*L&ST@U8OM%LNH;ZR@4&]ID&K`2XL5(GRKS

*`AYL_];5NFFP''FI7D0AR!'*ZKT(S.6&)4;I07_XT3ASLJ91#N3


M]



M7+-.H9;6L(4+X?$I+N/W$+WI[0E=!PC]C'!CX;%(YOX(&X%D+O!^;&.WR(
MYG\!``#__P

XA=N\-W\\Z?97NDGTW!N$2ATIL2-M?V4
M$,,:+JF)5,\[^%(K+:F%I=X0TVM.*Q\D6Y+&<4XD%1T.E-]C8:J:\'X@V);



MXP(ZN









MUPBS

2!
63(5**S%4`1V17I-P%G
M(BBA$M8(Q





'GP_\-+EJ!HVG(FB(/2&=L4%SK(.


M^H:Q:7&E8Q@%P/7-L@PE+2.*A_

5




&UL[%E/;]LV%+\/V'<@=&]M)[8;!W6*V+&;K4T;

0^']
X:'MWAOU+

MS$VXB+5Q%4Q@(?`=V(5=:JU68EPC3V4(PC('M[

9*

MWP=-K2Q%FO7^1JV3T2R`[.




&0$0MZKYY__^KY4_3J^9/CA\^.


MOA7#$%-G!0Z!=@GIG@H=X*TY9F6X#G&-=U=`\2@#7I_==V0=A&*F:`GG&V'D

J6'@XBX-RYF)6Q!U@?%C&NXMCQ[6]60)5
PM*Q_;=D#AB
M[C
];=C$RI)G

$5Q]1

MCALY&2-58

MN6HPF%L3.AL$_1!8N0G'?LT:SCN8D;&VN_51YA;CA8MTD0SQF*0^TGHO^ZAF

M

Y6&`(LU)RO_6@/

M\*])`79T74LF$^*KHK
+(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$XR
T8C-Q@


YJT@'NA6*KM1
M[ORJF)2_(%6*8?P_4T7O)W`%L3[6'O#A=EA@I#.E[7&A0@Y5*`FIWQ?0.)C:







25-

&G*H&AAQZ8/(#DMQS-TJV_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`







MK/#3?GNQKRM%3E+QW6B9R9+U[S5];L'/PBMI0M0GP:&M4IELP\%\9ZSH-=

WV8'=+B;]ZM9_JEKL4F
M+X(U@/C3K_L@^NX/\9]7?W[UJO^?;[_[UT_V^M\_?U/\[N=O]5ZJALB$&%3+
M?-VO%`M?QY)[B06W-YO`)X8`:.:@ZT]^\







M$8P!P70TF5X.`4C?F#!5)T4P`@!7X_%D/)@.#?B?C0_'1R#;IV-==50)`D51


M2:N/$UU8Q#?7Q6:-


)X\KH7QGCX64\89.DVK/7SMXK6I?I/IB7X$;T;;WAQ(=^IB1)AWQY
MLX=12
(GV(*%FD5:L`'D1)H2@BUDV)@O]8O:2%J(V4@:-I(6HC:%WG4.=*


4Q0T)
M'L+P3WAR9[X=(\PV_'6%M2\L$26'E$K#O@6`G$$PUL``E\=&J63X1I&_Y7M
MNA]Q//[G)BL!8%7M]N9I0RX6@2MX\&H*O!8%W\+2=?(V'N[C#ZKK-&PM)%F

2O`



`DVH

`(IQX`YE_A!


C=F9-P9H/]*:K+-+A-.%,JISG3#FA.B<L=/XC&92FC?P5'/B.%9/Y$!S


]EBE6*L(:B2AF]+2GQ[H$N5%6J`=0IJV

N[1A+R@K'


M





M8I%M6

#`N]0#?O=W+9?BK[4-GIO_W;GXU?7MG






;G__S;ONV?KA-\ELGH[ZZ7`\
MRG[_S6


M/+U/Y_PYO?UN-IEF:7]VEV7S^^%WVYN;^]_=IX/1-TEOO!C-?__-]M[V[C?)
M8C3X\R([]D?[!SO?_/#];/##]_

MZYPDSYY__]W\A^^_TQ`?UAXEW;OQ8L:H62O)?NUEDWG2N4NG6=)/YVF+!8?9
M;):

M=NMC+WKSC61K9_F/)UF/D5OVXTY]Y.?V_6]'U[/Y-.W-_V=]Y+?U!P%K5]GM



J2R=E@

M?
7\O3)X9W#OK#[CM\LXI3X\K+9\@K-?ZG


4DA5Y

M


MH$Z2&FK6)R![-)\MW7QZ+Y'Y2['YK;W6]N&^[YW-[6[^YJV+#V9S;:H!XTEV



;6[@HHG:?(A'2ZR5K*WV<)K
MT?\G
[F+LR1=S._&T\%?LOX_)[N[K9T7!ZWM%P?QUX&L:]\D=US8D=^JN([Z

:








F:U/#+`A(=;

:K\;:+7S;RZ:C^KI__PS)ZL#\_*C[





%G]F]\@OET


UEZS]AR=:.&N/TS6RKN!
%7O4*&


J[!AQNT2PBL`#2%#OBPM*7MW8WD



.56

MGE&#%8(R
T:GVBW19_$//QC.H7)N@R.GFV@1:%VF-*5W0^ZD^+04\:V52C

M_@![ECS@*CMW(R!2YNUHX#:WF%MOQLT0Q%M8R7;2:X2Z4J(,C&IXL;VZ$D)
MQNC=R1C-].=%2KGS46I6$HN/`P#&@//8!(29@N*8BI-R@6T\28&1@I&&S+Y



&4QB45I/'C:23

JYJ))H624P69A5S2SQ?5LT!_0K]2B:0VE_*/^






3`(IWN.B+KW%08K5$7%

GXRE(O&0`JL]5-UZO5









M7:BL!FL6*6OYVEHG&;CG$.?MCP6!`3U;W(@UY.Y'L-G0;#%18[F1
*P$GF
'


M/T)`GZ-?SU+\=\)\E)K8E?=LGAPJ7



M

M40TE'353'ECN)GUI;);FF&P)=[M&:P

M


M2LGHC
6
1[\*S5)<<

ML]/K7)6`EU8)^.V3O'/..
5F*)O:V&47JCC[5@BUE.'=U







MF(]

?COIP

](CR.D
MS[9:FSM4.D!N?M*L09`8[QXO.Q56UCP+


MBY7/0?`NNXU\L2%=J2
R@@OL







MU[9INZ;I1`=B@!O6!=7O27/I&GW$[@X5*OEJ6WK/UGCEKM&X3A#M;1]F
]FI4/D+YI?A*Q14R%G/$*I(17^EJGW4L_(
M]N;O#.W\C]J<]RFE?OD$Q$G0A4]M8YGC(!

M8[!4.)-C5?$A*?]EW(
U=T';

M2XCY:)3U_J1^Y(#

M26]Q


\EKFFR=AS2G\V3A#*)YHH5$;Y')14F__0Q

A]*4[CV`P]*
MWVL$Q[R&)*S)RHD?'

ML

IA[4&1U0LX+/5XDT)QJ
J8R`URKG-$+:5_4#S*/J$A)-,H;=,D
MD6^]=RT.2;$5'NS5H'Y^P`]25<B@S:+3($_+4[?.A;\E::0DSM)#../.-F
M&IG](%$D)8]QJ/.


MA\JQ&7V.T%HF5!Q

WBJMT
9#
J0:[KV(PGOA=8)94'I2E=&?62-.3N=5X$;K
MVQ3+5QX(:20\S?6(2FE%QV8R//0N-2]QER@.]X91/H93%6U5X/E@RY.Q
S;





*DLE[#17
1K35=I77



MD=N


D?[NHHHO4!H[[GSB.Y5Q.4H&46Q
#W=%G2QQ.S

_^I_^F%+(AF3
MQK=%4Q+GEX?J&K48%@4D42@FQA
A99R.1NK80:#4WR?PE$
JR:ASI0E;^3S1


MD'5DF]0+4&JVQM0_6&[3


PPI;&P[_+,)BOP,14MBG2&RCMA85/LO(E`(XXU4=/T8\
YUP#W4LSF)K1
0




(1B];SK







MRL[FGQ;]6S

S<PC
\FOH=BM

9J@HMZ+0U:SY^D$
M#A[8ISG(@-/Z$?(G2NDA,U;@F5K#GWP(U(*._E?.<.(?NI=C,W[94[38:P6
ME7?













MSVIILG7P.V9'C
!EK'!=_R\45J'=2AK
N#0CHMZ-C:(1I+9$6MC^^FJI3G








!1CU;
M.#IGXFZ_
!O0BHVRKD#UL_@N+3EW@&]9K\C.2`\1BAP!.&-![M9&ANV;6LD;

MDU%5(RLMGUXT'IQN)O,J!#6WA_NM

M8=[#5Y_+
^K\ZL3]75
[51B6#)#9\$-V%6_68;!`W52^)A
&\B(HM\?C=C1V

:.

M$[U




MW;R]B5OZUX-+DUSZ*]K'ZEFE;RVYJWHD,K?#.=OT+PX7G2T$%`J]H-EI4],
MQ@3X(GE3@:QM()\V
+N#K

4(1C_!I
G%
M4W)AO5NNEP=0&+(_$(KIFEX^$G=HHB

B7V\WV)G
MSFMQ^[K&*WQ

B`\QR%`_?L-5/^.[$1YZ
M@DSV[

M)*U90\JF(65W@Z^4/8T6V_X:U2A!D2_`!LK9)[!FI[VVW]OU\9%
N::L(-S2

:@@DA];AL#9

M-`@
$.1$Z(RUAI5;\CN+JF^G5
ZGEO$



@[SKOZ!K,<SR#3N!,X/1Q,2G&Q
MN`LU?MQ,[H_OE;LI5+E!6Z-VU$`E3U1I2X`C:X@)Y^Q1!_DD([TO;'+[ND
M4#5T11*:ZED_?(A#GABV19_BT.HDBLAYH']D[:BVG@0(:0;Y/%X7(DO-YV)



M


[MVW]!6-?Y*NQ@:*'NJHXE



M:S@UB3N
@
J51OC\2*H92%T*S$WF6HG+9J5

76'&'`HB(7@=4X#20/Z)V$0

)P*!$
U_QMO1TO6




MB+6D=?`4\'M@:/CTC*2$)VW\DZPX/-+56BG&-^%-*$E?#SJ/LYAE\,
.LD


37=

A(H=


M(ZA$$KB`L2LE$@7LH`*F0)Q&53]@P
:-#2[7-$K5']/?TE_6YYF7W3VS9\\]


MM2Z(4JU4ULIV2
6MZE

SEEP_JNNOFK-?(4D$A
M]YG/2DZX:HG8DVJ-




MF5+:?F*AYTF+Q5I)^#*V1[JWXPDY%C!0BU)-+P`A6$P20?-ZN599%0T3BW=T





MQ(\!




MBJ$B


M$8_M.35\/@Z_'YEL#HMG\!GVEO

MJ9V7GJY;FKK






MB^2-8S3$-KWW(T`(C').M`5DI=I%;Y3R(YK*GZ5L[?7DJ9:Q-.)%MKACFOB
MNF!4RRJP8'3CZ7(


MKN@5=)F

X)O![3-KVK:@!G*CH`#W&
Q7CGSU$B)WCT7H'

AQT):PCLKL@N`$4SV2P#X




M6XC/&!+4CTPZ&/H0^\*-;#




M3;R-[R
N-!@QHI`A0[^!+SC]?@N#
'5E&DI@\;A)W@@@;56EUS=UYQ1YGFRE
2T9,DW2*X`TA6SADE7!'1;]7U7Z3IY*P35)


M
BJ$9@!H(SD9_F^J9]WKNO%=+G;ROU(]ZUXGR





O_1D2U4


M&3G^^Y29


MPO)JQV;%%^HN&_J`[C.D
4!(E9C4XZ??7]_\R*/EAX1&^+
Z?.9NHEN+/WGN
M






M189(K-=4_!WKFS'0G8M@



M0VE4


MEXL\-@&G.(%&D9N#;LYW-RI






MTJ5KJELFACTI*]E\T*KO9I4LQ]W*K






`4$L#!!0`!@`(````





%V580]Y

XA`IQT)6B3XSE^D

WRG:E@FI'$).:Y$_;ZC,
M(*%@XTPB[93Q@#@&]5



1E)\GZ4C)0I&\HSA(7\%X9(;HNXSB;
M%D

&)W9P@&;E81=25^1CBEZ:+#/]6A:G&#P/J-%_8W75C(U.0W#.`[G?4':

'W=[%&R^I

WOPO-^=&



@HW





M6+R(E((XBY46VQ9H@:+HY5FQY5A8VS(D9;/[]QUJ&)

\
Y


5FN
MWV


0
FQ-)S6.PRA%C-6!;'X?7ORZT2%PK!+3T'%H&3&AEX;(Y0I6

M
\-9P8B_/=/

0/P-Y9;XQ
M


M9$_F%H
K



M\%E6

MT*0YQL%$^IRKA+
21GAO9DJ^`&3;0C$R.W&%Q:\R1V*P_LBP#`)-35S?.0
MVRRC
(_5E)L+;(7SC8`KIC29.86-@NQ%II5V



O1
1@
XB(I+YEEO
S0:\C0FK/
L^!%H#_#P?
G-<A(Q=A)%ULXM
M!NG=

^5VFU&VXJ(0:892]*1(0L?
MH6.@Z1()21)'^4$#CIV$+IT+WR7N$@5FZWTE8'LPP
!75G&:NG*$!(F73%01

17(?C*X%2^5'^4[4M][!;[:@M[.KXW

M='

M8()5P





O;:DKE.EB\==S079EA#W

0028=D?0/''OPL4FG+C^
M:MDFZ`^C!WGVW9$%/WP1+/O&:@K9!I_0@2WG3PA]S'`)7O8OWGYH'?@AG(SF
*5W\U*#Q2:9+H2#(!]<=]6!I^V==

M^P:BAQA*($/CE2`8##X[.(Y#\^BUQDS/


M-68H8T


MD*N#$%



G!SR@FX17_P```/__`P!0
M2P




^*D\]T\#-SG65(657&H9^!.X0T=]GFEK!3P]/RTSZ`'



MSR&--:IW
F^=&-#ZMAQ



48H?2V^WIN%*,QDJA.7C+F3&E2,(F8<D7)+P.&$V
M



W82G3XALA
]&FS&`J75

?1
MABJDD6@4$:5B1]4'I.(G6W&;@1JXU3C41M#2=03L6F!4*


C

$UY??5/AX=/(P&-A#02C2*B8A#71Q1C.%[#





M2P


M)A@92[N*MJKC)3YR@Q\7'S_








XSP^
M6W\E6?R/I`
[R?.1)OG9O:`;

'=)!F/X[


O




$M=@X+]1$/69:<LCM)=X*UQIDHUA`#


M($=;ILT]MY88T9TV4OQQHO!@Y4RB@TD
](?W

JC8.E_PRII`?-^EP3
MC16;H\)6`/`&1HCNE/']9!]1K-BBV.1;MK6;`.^!+9[L^X[B33(B@0R=DMAL
MQ7(+A/91:`[`4B2-W\'Z33)B68^@;RD&#&R2GC938KSC$DXTYLW\\]II

O2P65$!\?\XW16/*6;;+UVFKFCT.@FTU.WF8D
M2=,X:[?ATO_!\Z*QW!I/$V=TQQ2E\S3


O

`J
;`[@#J4-J:Y<]6
2MR4-Q&NH(2
M[Z3:*.YP:#)F*P


M2@JCK4Y=A'8L@)[6?

#(2_U/][F;@\IN-9-)T/QD.4
ATT;;IY#^Z<HL.&C_?E
M;%[<9^LG%S1MMI/DSDHZ=+./T'EQGV[:S64=-&VZ?G+G%!VV^4?8O+C/UD\N
M:-IL)\F=E02ZT-#+U%@
MA`45@B]


B'
M0JHF7;=)FS1-^[AVP(!5C)'M-.V_WS%.*#@=ZWK1!GC]\ISW.

M]7W;@&\2930GQTI_%Z=/E!6EAF[/H2!3USI[OJ
JA4#!Q@OGQBD5%0#`;\29
MV1D0'EJ_YY8ILL$1[$W7P31%.3H0)6^9\82H_2HM._K6AZMK(FX=DD`OKS





_6B!WRF?NEL)HS.40;.*7M1P0#







X*


]B1PWY.$J1?/DOGU!!;?



M




.J/`YC#97J
MB6E+C+*=5+S^9T4FHLXD/)B
@?YP'Y:&-WL6Q

M8`Z&QX#LX[L0KT4(H6F3!^V2X@0C@)=0EI?E)`H7W@ND


MP

M2E75GVO'&+

2(

Y;JSM4T(
M:[BD)E`][^?2FE)+1QU34RO.2W'(-F221@F1%+184](]3T,556\:5B6\D[

;^_!!\
M

MB[JQ
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E


MEE
%_N6)5_*B5J1#Y`I:/[]4GU-15QYSE7[XVH[Q7I^MNQ%#7=YY#[C4QI






F@7+


9Q3J:^;MC$


$


MP#_?TH8?U*K\&KD*MR^[YBYG50
2*UI2\=Z)NDZ53YXW-6OQJH1UOZ$(YP?M
M[F$@7]&\99RMQ0CD/&5TN.;
RSQ0FD\+BN087=:LIZY#VBR1*GKS:==@/Y0
MLN=GGQV^9?LO+2V^T9I`M%/
@



M`YD;XB=I\VR8YQ8IJ





NQ


MJ&DD@0Q7TL=%/J^LP7IE770MY=%^X2XS^WB9V?4R.O
9[(S/E]-!8(UFB3
MZ)*&56`QH8-9?JP`(&ZBPQ3H(%#JL(?1)4.KP&(&*(#==[\'=2N0=AD:!58
MC*L@C.8-YJK=BS$:=%!;PZ+AMQHLQM70TX?E&`4ZZ%8?+&:``GVC:)WVWM1





M+/3]!:NY;*ACB/44#I7G

M5;=`L9.5M\=*25U&C\4C=)\5T'=S\&,IR?N;G%&7\M4*Z-RZP$=


M#M65U+.$1Q:XGU@6WGSI1\'[)


8%3&WF(J


0*NV)^-R)]=;M[R(U(('DNYR'D%
MZ
B3CSNQ[3'R/599^;F


$%``&``@````A`+GV@]8+

M*_+:2O\;[9&^)DVU^Z
Z$U`;YHG-P!.ES\PTVS$$@RTT.NYGX*_&V)%]\7+J





7UY\Y*]_V
M%Q#UK9'N

@*MXX)F_G+OV.X'@
?I$X3J
NWLSSF*PA^L8

MO-K&M


EEHB0*K\L/)
JLU40Y42?9GFN3/!H)-4)$(D1B1!)$4D0R
M1'*9*+FS5EQ^H;Y=X
4-YHWE%`!<Z!-XW,=J_IRXRZG($0DY\6`.QCW2<;5-(!J-1'W$


TJ$593Q%2@*6(FD!H1R7HE
M1SFBJC1K]9#2_VO/&YI'N:XY@KH69;6U$0H'Y+'M5LS-E2+F`[T%WQGOEKZZ


M`^TEE/*(^4GEQEZ(HTK]CA?`YQFL(YW[`7RZ7.'@J#_RU.V7`73!5^Q7`32-





P^W&
M&?1;\*




KB@!&0



M965T

4MX'N10=?
M*FT4=_!J:F9[(W@Y+%(MB\/PBBDN.^H9

2M+G9*=
Z3&-%R!_NW

X6K%'R%QQP-QX#%Q'3#PB&(B.RJ`V



MX3*`
KV=D&'A5.

``/__`P!02P

(&?N
%7F_?O

M5M@G3XJ19/E=W2E-=RW4_9C
*#MR^\
9O11
*Z


MF.N`@=\!DPX(`J*#




M:_Z!MZU!3.W=EDIA`0S188-N4V?(R_@LWX;-2H8WL-EZ6O

ZCE%7#&
MOAP==F

M2P

O

9DO?(%^B/XWAP](].H



F'1`$
M1`=E4)NN[
!.V=76I7(3`L




GP!89B3VO^0'4M.H-:7@%G[.WH
%;#BU4])`J345F8AOZQ
M@=\?AY
?1^]4LJ^OH`R&7ZHZW\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0
3]-2




M?R
77W8ON_/OC=/Q:+^Y
4^OA^/ZRPO%_5LR6V_8=_


_#)RJ)$L`5W*6)0
MQJ*@8J!CH&)01T`D0B:]7]%(JR;NS']MRN2=#&5D=^W-@G-WLYH(4WRSJ3+
M#I`22`5$`=%`#)`Z)))M



@(H$4(FH
M0J00:40&42V0C-D*H#!F._W3^155Y]`;(JV4$B70J:MP\Y_'L[^S\K
?4)D`
MJA`I1!J1050+)#-DE5.8H7=FOQ-:856$VLM5!:`B`50BJA`I1!J1050+)&).


M48FH0J00:40&42V0C-FJJ0$QM^)+##WHL3P%5`J$56(%*-RJ!9(Q6X$U


M1`J11F00U0Z1PB?W

R!3J`HSA\)

M^R@YG2;1/9+2&_@D@1N%!].^H_


MX0Q;M8=+9RMZ(2-*?


ET%?M;2:;Z<T`:G$P-=CHZ


2*X:T0Z7LY4?\H*1'_+2(5O\

O)5QR!7K?+681G._%IUDHH:)Z@Q%-2.Y^L0W3-G*KQ@%

Y)5$-];

_)6QB%741DINT6T0M2BERBI6:S?+^_^
MC;D4ZHSD&A7-_MQ;=6L4(S_FI4-44G8E7\7O.U;813$*BHF1=VP8.;4T7T;J




2BGJ16P8?I^;(&S7J*L.D1)\DIJ%6GS?.:L?$$4
M#HD%KK6RSQ07]$^5[$O<<0@[N8^DF(K?T2-1S2

M

M95Z'74#





M%*-R"J!9(QTS0=$K,UCV)VR`]J/@=4(H158@4(HW((*H%DC'3?!(QVQ7F
MAUX1G%M/43I:9)]@^@4BOCS.74=1%5U'+I02K2I$I%&9!#5`LD,6?4[88X


)S(5=1[3



M/^C./=&%/'Q5(OTN:@[9ACIA!792/B+T(443?.P-OKZW%?BI2
HSMB_-+WGX


M0




&PO
M=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$Q+GAM;*R:W6[C-A%[POT'0S?;VQ)MI
828K8





MLB/]RH[NXLT.


'MG-_9BNG]*EI@7P]<&[OIM\I9S=2)
5FKBF

M+KX-`AN$-HAL$-L@L4&J`4

_)5:^-0#G=&5AZM
M.Y-.'2`!D!!(!0&D@!)=6*(1)O2CQ)W=!:I)SL!'#GE@0K:?262IU)IQ*0
M`$@()`(2`TF`I#HQ5*(MV%!I^`ZE=A6V%F*H(%:2++K5M`;B`PF`A$`B(#&0
M!$BJ$R-0FIL+`F5K
]6N/J.ZLYOS-6R[HR4/CZ0`$@()`(2`TF`I#HQ8J?[
MY06QL[49NR3:)`/Q@01`0B`1D!A(`B35B1$HU\_ZS?/M;&9K,]6T2K^5L#
M\8$$0$(@$9`82`(DU8D1**7A!8&RM1FH)-J,`O&!!$!(!&0&$@)-6)$2B7
M0!=$*LS-46R5NZMM7)[*S7U/J(`48@H0A0C2AE!C)EX)KHXYG-MRMKQA72
MIAR1CRA`%**$

7






CK.


MBA#%B!)$J8%
+2XKK%TLK72BTQ$/J(`48@H0A0C2AE!C)CIE0V%M?;6[?+
MYM8\2Z3/



X\
M8ZG+ST.\ZO5Y!N2C58`H1!0ABA$EB%(#F3%S#:C/
U=;+KV15.\P/_SRC)YP
M8

M[1;'7?+IT$`?QZ


M1]R59:/^((TFW1=&#_\```#__P




0;2,O79\;XT^HK2+G1F'2(<1#9%:$R`/1ZCK`[F^.XV%<JJRH*/$5
MMQ3?@-@]-T&992
(`R%
0*'Y3!08$FPMS)B)B^00(RU


S
MPX%.IYO)BA8/03IQ?AQ(IR`S1A`\]GV#H.S4C)[/#B<Z_.PG%^-NX;&IL=]M
M()N$4'Y0`#8_9?(JG&Z9YEZBN:8<3


:Y&;;6CT$Z1:)
M1.P[^F8ZC-:7QXDPE4+9.3XQ


M0;CV
HID[/1\1A'0+3(TM4SI.;8R4T-T#D+3&AI:0P1IFDS`N=TIA8S;$):(
M0-PJQQ]R%S[B+L*9?JD&`;2WRD%3:PQN1?B1M8\E=,QEYERCIB,-3:TG`A
M#A(H#
2T`4G(K9

ML

MR`PSRO


MFHX-FO3??)NW\HT::T[-6$4&VBDX=9-VJ:V\<0F544]Z2\1U^Z`E$/NN?





I$P'T9TNX=M57ZB$


0@0[QOQ'NY4U'O
3^%^\_NLG#5?P#7CY=\7_R1U_OR



!%RC3+)*UTDK)HY

MKI7IZONIHDUR**#=K]A.TFMV=W
77^9I0QD]MDN(

+



%!E':

_(AQ;XP!

*KE$;L3R*B$:22:




M0\*&B;$7O&_=NBW6KB?&VKF?P40SF'BL-K()ON.:;T+LSR03KM+G(1:0V$LN

]%KA

M_U;9_@8``/__`P!02P


QIDW^<H:\/\(D+WIM]L&0K\JBH2T]=#.0_A`S9Q7P2H`

M@1=*7]'UQQY-\'!@//W

DKT\?61T
MQLA8+AS*(S?(86)[F%@-@YG'T-/;X?`A\).2+-TT.<CX#Z)Y+

M1-$9FB0G%F;9(




M)#K


Q7
P!I



V]-F:-MJ9`3


#:
YG


M_P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#[






1]



4IY^C+(::;FZ`%AZR'D
&E

MDI7YL/9KI_16H7/C)=AS7_B6D:.PJ:S8#'7+.:=Q/03I:^FM0CX7[//M'$DP

^=%7-NI_16H7

WU6J5#*Y\E)/$AL0


#B$L&K
0&




M





.NCU%L8&*L%(O$MUX



MF[




7;A&:M2.=O:2SU)
M;*!BK!3
6.X8M1:
I^]B0*TE3/V-0(DJ!3-
A


O+AA/W\5`



46Q@0K')^K%0W=I
MV9GKQ4D]1;&!)L(N/6%5LAGPA*4H

MV$!%V%0O%WRF7GGVJL2`J6_REJA2




M[QH-88=]PH?]IWHXY-=

=W-\H:Y[7^`#J$45[S5
YK^2Q2

[K
:]I!]O9#4.G&]Y


MR%5(/J(TWN+M=&

MG(;5LUJ5-P%U@XO
=7*1M?*ZUQUMF$O.X

M49']PB:XT[UR9]?!O/X7;=!@]3S5X3UBK';7S7?7%D+$.:\N8TY
UJE8LV





)A=9*U6[[FBS

+JU4N*BBG&KK@*8E.-]J1OP'#!D3C\HE)

MUJD61*15CH6JQO&I&LH0)F

M&Y1USQVYL+#57#@-+JQ6N1!2FA61&BI_$NS\/^BE._+(WD!A6T/E;H@Z'L(*



+&52X$





Z\YK^
.!






M3H



MUBGR

M(#K?7.:A
P_'9!W0`X=CL@[H3


MR3K@`W4T-I=UP




L'
S&D&18$ME
M-((2P9;&8&2).=CI'HU@#K:@1R/(.O:&!R
K)!V['*(1I!P[I*
1)!Q;EX
1









M^\







M1[J\H0+]\_3]Y_PKRW5G+6_.8



_F^/P]_N__^WVK3U\.3XWS6E`&O;'N^'SZ?2Z'(V.



M&U&I.G^]F%+%BBW#P[-X]WP4[2LTW0XNK_M'/3?;?-V=/X_.#ZW;]5A^_/

@/X=[+8J-<@CZ^_=]6W[<'J^&R;Q31I/





5=*^H9JHY=3)@W`HG(78/SF0
M`D@)I`(B@$@@M4L\VVG9O



,LCU%*!<'830K!+/S(8R2D,GG06LDT!-9=1H6[O@=`<;
U/










4ETXQ5-8



[-F




MT`=V#7W/
E;KQ6/;GO@/ZGIT_F3O_B\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`2

M


MKA@P;=:YA`K0=F)$D=)MF-R$(66;=6?07RD.=G!/;*4/7XW
O\M&@-O0)^S`

MZW7R%X#@

IO

VO!0_NEE8TDMN<=489OWW]@],MY`D;5#O8FMUM!7])
M`6MF%HKA=;N^(`_7]W\Q\``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`//&Z6
`P``




M:/_
4W_J




MEJZO.4

MA=6='3KUN:I7F^O3&'2N!L66W


NTE



``/__`P!02P
$

M



M^LJ*QQOI!!04:*)DADSU)``7(E6.!E0$/[0W0^J\%5.TVF47,[BV1SP9N=





MC^(V%
??*_4[H+POY
HE`JJ%W-5*5;5MGS
A#-$`04EF9_?;]SBVX\O)
LRJ

:VH:D_):U(?J^KPQ_OX2?5H:D[;+




+H6?/E_K)G\Z



E/;(TI%?88&P+^3
M2T52`QS)OVT

?BV;S1\LF+NU+6]Q;)O


:`CD`VM)#G7[?.
MPEK/OD)N%BQFAV-L-6+/(T@B$ME`!Z$.(AW$.DATD.H@D\`
;!F\@:S_/[PA
M

@DH1L#
148XDSCRPC/5(*





`1#/-0T'9-M6#(









&+I?8\JBE!J=I=:AC
O+
MT\[^X?8-?;QK_H.SG\AH[E
DW]DLA`*
0HPBC&*
$HQ2C#(%*8D(KP^J%_=G
M;!^N]IDA]8Z^U$_7(HJG1(!1B%&$48Q1@E&*$7EJ(2
&385&4!OHTPG]2?Q2







O[\5N?9*JCJCY4*W
M1J:ND3*EAZP\+?0_?H3?IKI6-TEY2'):DH7^3FK]^_+GG^976CW79T(:#13*


1T+PK4]J9LP8Y*ZEK[4#2W^



Q`).'&G;?6V3<L=YMQ&
M?B^=01I;1+9BNT)H*I4NEA^+U1W?8V!3S!QV?OECKJ#NI`X<&D3M
96@.

C2

DA

21
M9-
1J)V]^5$63'BG-]M5@K:HMPCU%M_M3?7R7WH;V

`4$L#!!0`

R








M^N]Z]6/O_?_%_GG[H]ZM'_ZQ?EU1MND\F3/P9;O]:DS5@T'4N`^MJ^8
_&MW

MLS:E01E9_+SMC2CP^N'P?-O+)I?CZ2`;DOG%E]7^4*V-R][%\MO^L-W\KS4:

PMT;'
MLM29=%D4@*I@-1`)!`%1/LDR!)-VT&6TDL13RO&NDD&#V)NR:2[F@H@`D@)
MI`)2`Y%`%!#MDV@=&[.&*BQ#@?:DI&;-@H@`D@)I`)2`Y%`%!#MDV@T[,&
M:JS#@5KBG5$@`D@)I`)2`Y%`%!#MDV@1A7C4GEIE


FRX&

MM6K_SEL:+Q$A6B1?XJS?!+GSUJYVA#65];L8YO9K[1H'/J*1&#%G?M1GET





MJI73TVPRG`ZC%;YB&T^^
9*WMD/$:YM
C51L%6#@F+1KXHQ:TE


Z&RY/@:A$5&J$4E$I$.4)@O(Y/]?!W7


U9%2CE42D$&F+4MDQ6M6_
)KL


&G)$*W=2(I&OXCM1V!NQ9

S.F*.5'RK?MQD(-)O+]D]V'ENFIK-NPU6[E^R9
Z
MH:Q5U(EH!ZW9_7N=$\$#0A/Q/ESD'$3S4$6N96HR``)16BE&-2)2B'2`

MX\FOPYFUH$V&NXKR^


1CC[J_('8[;2
MVQ\SJ/$B`R0L


I.4B1_9J.7HV!FY&?*6CDD
MK-7[&SUGX)($;FH

CH:49T443M?
M%#%
M9&8QU)]VK5KA:HWL^46^=L$W


8]C[7U\]*8
MAQ.@1?YD@$@@*A%5B&I$$I%I`

]EK/B^:%5.2B!0B


DC89X+V);MNT71]H/26Q6NZ=5L7IYV5\L
MM]_

C^U-'KNE(\\`@;C


C;_-L2D?2WF@\]%0AX2VG
M.+3S3QVA.+0_3AVA.

2\G)DZDM.1=!OJ&[WHEVI#?6O?




_
6

0CJ0#(^A4]Y


_!'8^V+0_9Z[OZLWY.B/)XZ
MF.X)C(@

MF/@CSX%PZ[EHNVU))&TK?VV[NOJ'!CE
BHJ
F0A\


W8D_^\Q`'9B?_@W(?YB
\ZA=0VI]
M/Y-AUF6K15._6[`\P-SVFI'%Y@1$F
\A=4[
ZG]-*LPF47DB
DL;Q@?SU4(F




;ZQ16]8$US^]I%-..CCRCQ5%L&FH6(^D$

M/L@WW##F2
HG'$GY])8\MD\V?

MD9:6
Z

DY1
LGSXDO^-:^`!V2/%J


M$36
N9:43SB2:9IR-.]KI^E\
G/

X6'W

9%WS4$E
[I-

=A$*
(HRV&
48)1BE&.TTI(^95
.?
M&#






YN=#PY\Z:T*G8IKS;Z2
MVQ\(GR\





U37UK)E;=9O!04*EK`?93`$8?Y!GZ($CC6<SR/$CC<<QQ:R=T@



M:&5E='


M]N=V]]O^9;T^7(D


M=1#[OW_9?.PIV]OC9]*]K7:_??_XY7'[]B%2?-V\;@Y_')




MHB+-M3N6F1ZWKV('Q+]7;QMY:(@16?U^_/ES\W1XN1NX\VMG-)R(Z*NOZ_TA
MW
B


MJARSZ]EX/)K




`R^CS8$_B3CBM7<&QWIG6)Z#Z`SE@P0@
M(4@$$H


M14@Q4H*4(F5(.5*!5)52#52@]0:9-97@OVJ
7ITE'DH_/\@UP&D^69G6F)

M%JV]3R]%P18SCJ(MYD@%$V_1Q2

CK
MZA['B+H




M9T\W1:Y6GA-YW
&0&G)41

MM4(38IH(*49*S




M]%D]@TJK=OQ9R.=VU.6`J:

MSTN.HCVOD&JD1M&?[WEK-#(K+.9@CS=F5X9;YVU%VET4BF+RD0*D$EBI$2
MI!0I0\J1J02J4*JD1JDUBS%G)IXO




6ZKI=KX4B?5X`^?*L9KZK



NO6;ZW!P[4&


'4?]\I$`1W6*9


2HB
MXEPQ$3=


JH@X5TW$N1K
U1I19BWZ+=5XN%1#9
PV


S3^7QN





MD0JD$JEJI$:I-8@LQ;B!-CC35)\,9I]Z:=(+/S20;1$\I$I!`I0HJ1$J04


ME
7_'-([*2ZRZ$264/ON.23=F-GH
L/?7Z\!U+5MAC6(+
S9VC0-:[VZO1VK

.?=7G!D%Y;HW;T;KK)$WR_%25'PI
&1I+PF;@/HC
M4YSV$XQD\!=&;U2H`5A5PR!\?S;,Y9/V#@,G[1B;,_![8!QG2`0XDP@8C'N
MF##




_!IK\'JG@DT1`$B%)101RPC!,A:27A]Y
MV4I)3SJ6UN&SILV9V26D80S)@P+G5G=
8

M0[!-OD8R&MFU0L=%FS

5(]P


.Q[2B_
.
M'__9?0@XS-O1![I#\?RUZ@V


]P*S(




W/YZ_`P``__\#

O




&)LROR$UP$W+#4=TQR))5)((MN(HJ05<70)3`EL5P*?`9$(
MFO2_(A'!#2UA^29W

M+7_(DG!#4U&&I/[!-S.9`;NHLVA).U-]DDT@'10`P0\0!\3D12:(562I
F`:`&B`7B@/B<B$I;\X(-%C+0`<R%BOJ

$`O$

M@4:2]2@0!:0#HH$8(!:(`^)S(@(-$DA$&O100]J*)OJYDBBXDFGHO;^_+&8U




;:?5T__'ZW
MH5L^W:$J8JZADXT^R(^C02J)[H]HL5_T6[9*2$4TIE&PW]^-RZ.2+EGQ^J`1



VOD&+4SHWS43HK+;MDH
MC2L542



MU1WZ7$[U%I%U'2B`PBB\@A\@*)F$DYG!-S;RY7/$99/R-2B#I$&I%!9!$Y


M8J5CE'=]M$I(H56'2,RBPBA\@+)&


HM
MUSJ
LG
=\V8VHB<*Y=9<LTUV#L4H


`Y16LBS+Q;E2RU;9


M#M-2PO[TN4F#*I=1&ALM(A51V&SO
XYGI&P5SFGIE.1F/+NEYZ?+\1FO(1^?


5Y


VG






0?S(N8!90&V




N%?7A
Z+PT\^RZZ.VS9X0CU9BBH-5AU8:


[JJ]UBLD5$UYIDI&+%
MM',J%M$N&:0D@1O#[:?&;*H8=T[%^9Y+!NS9S=R0%6EZ-E/B
^C]$LB^8Y1
MOAUI9N7S
VR525)&249V$8EM4C
KOH+7J6)^]RJ^_S-LE5JTC%*+[J06?:I8



RBPBA\@+)'-QGE2GM]74CVB



M/YT?5-J9CZFD7Z^A3D



*:/T

*AJGI4[2G\ZGBBX*NQTVJCB6:&K690=]\+3OZO@FO

M%?N/D^5'6K#QDNAYYV5X`KE6



'VP.*9F`46
MB^SN-2W1-A%)%$@Z3MY^JME5[$
QMC63FSC^7/TW^^]BL7BX_?W[Z3CY5C9M



C8[['?AW
SF43\7KL?M/

E4@

MN#IT+W=3;W6S7
\]!\(GCV7;Q960G$[VKVU7G_XO@QR4DB(+%(&?*`)RGQP+

MWA^!^



:T8$%'23\B&-HAL$-L@L4%J
M@\P&N09F8,O@#23GK_!&R`AO:%4[`LHLSS*(FA(:(/(!K$-$AND-LALD&O`
M

+[-48(&:@;6I*XZ[FY\IV

'3)I;88$0\C@#B
1(S$C2,I(QDCN4X,
MDZH_8IL$3)P
D).#@8L/
N'0:]Y](0,KC$2,1(S$C2
I(QDBN$\
E*-^&
M2^/7'RHK(KHW@Q:Q0[(:SJ:`D91B)&8D821E)&,D5PGQD)A;ZY8J(@V%RJ)
MJ\I&P$C(2,1(S$C2
I(QDBN$V.AZZL6*J+-A2+1=I21D)&(D9B1A)&4D8R1

SU(]FHC&8DE
2%/1B*
M@NOY9EV





ET=I=X1)V@KI+

M_'(*Z

V-0:91HC.]PBAL9'6C

MKW`*^UO=*41FC;+._@`Z8E:C$*D]CS`*4DHTDKYO^1V3BAJ2$-*3B0EG%(7=

M4GKCN9NYM=


M2/97J[5K5:289-28A)!23@FIJ(P0*H\\5LLII!]EFB0::-VDOU;:L`W7O1N:


M
KR`UMS

V=^%0
&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(X+GAM;*R:VV[;1A&[POT'03=QR(IZ@A;@<4ST0)%

M8_V2--7^C^I4@MOPG-@3N*OKKRPTVS


1L0&MMY_#\MV!XZS)4W8TJ[^@`W`/^.CA5+#7D^
8_7ZI]]W@S
MGLZO9@MGZD+XZ*YLN[ABDN/1[JGMZN-_(LB54D+$DR+P*46\V=5R-O/GR\7E

O(



M;[HRDROJ@U`Z)B0A)4D(R07Q.6W:%@-T0M@;U:.O*E/O-E^G)[F*!ICR2:

'Q:#/DT4ZF#
M1@VD#I0\F#M
ZT!?AK?LU*7`:][R*)-#R6!::]Y
M:*U:@0P2U2K?W_MF./9($


=S


88W

M;EV6::+`A6YP3FU=B8Q







MR&QHU1

MX3G+52R'F3`@LSBSCJH!-M0*=8G@EC%#(D3L&\7GS6IEK7@QJF@'0D1*.$45




H*KO!3L&45U&;KHBV@9JJW4FKDSZ1O`&R;EX



C

V$(#O!?H?#-_7





L^.HK#(=]E2;%[/67G6BLILV-:@_W5
GW?K+T[DHT\<C^/TMF*8[
MJUO]P=2?\EU95


H@UYP@P\%L4+BG[9(X+)8S9;J@S\40[V

PAEJVA5'
`#^'9QR+`V(

J


MO*&2!]1R/UP-!Y9FKN;1




M?7A8
M(TD0-1.;2G\S=0L=39.VT`CMT8Y2C@2'$FJ)G8

TYQK8/*X+X:%[(H25:I&TJ



5(1K^VT3!(O%Q*L'

\+






F8

^SR(TF:X



M;-J3N[MZ-]


CT']SO]!Z<5PW2]R,`/^#)?L<W!^'

MZ?H!EC$W:0L6=18DU*

MJ

M2P



T*?

IZS765^R/T7+HK2






U2/;?MQ=.T
M)CNC

M6YQ=2U2UE*1&1=K^IMS?FD&MC)[AJY,ZY?KY4N&RPM0[/,B;]\[4E4I,R\^
M5;A.]P7X_6;8:39P=R\2?9EG-6[PL9T`G487*OL\U^8:,*T6AQP\(+(K-3HN
MU;7A)8:N:JM%)]`_.;HUH_^5YHQO89T?_L@K!&I#G$@$]AB_$-/X0`8K$FC


M[$D
9^)


UB0E*T6Q'8B4`@`J$(1(0






L=JNH0LQ2
9#.&$@)SAA

K3M(0?6RLY1:

M0471*!F^DAZ


M+W-H965T



M_LO'G_O7WP[?=KNW*YSAY?#I^MO;V_?;FYO#_;?=\]WAP_[[[@4M7_:OSW=O
M^.?KUYO#]]?=W4
XZ/GIII]
%C?/=X\OU_$

MQ9.\[I[NWL#_\.WQ^R&?[?G^G-
]W[W^]N/[7^[WS]]QBE\?GQ[?_@PGO;YZ

S
M??[X\(@


M&_I[CI0HL]N'/\?=X1Z2XC0?^CF=Z7[_!`+X[]7S(XT-2'+W1_C[\_'A[=NG


M)\NRQ3


[@8+EM2/2URDX&&3D
MB+@VW.;\:U.PO'96-X&&3DBKMUA+O.+DVTNL5XT3YUP(DDL05%#Y5FN0U

M*.5&0XVI\I7#`$GVY)^
&GE5IU%`D@`YXOD$

@@SQ[4?;13/M$2


<A1
MLF\R\9DU\0QQ^:R)BRA)@'SU[!D_2R[,9GRE`LIX88:546)YW)<:-9DS2%:
MF8`MKW-4U6D4D!2ER9IGUIH3)%PH1C%H%%&20)
/SZP/9ZBF.UAH%)`@

M3XTA]DU?JP33B/[)D'*@]1-QUCRG@1D3;Y-F4AKI_S1!3RT*C@0!Y=G'
M'VO

/RS;EZUY

MJ2&C/\ZH4?G`442;Y/OSJWO9H@+9GU71$DRG=I@EVP;
V+(?-E2SV5W^8H
M!.
R\=-U
^/2F6I8ST,BDKV30X]M\5SANK5!@N-`I($FAQZ;ATZ06K94L(-
M-:J.J7@N9]F:-YEVB%;6:KE(4=5G48!5$6RK2/VU(E@02Q&W(0J.`)($F






@&US



VU=.T-<+^O:(DH2
M4*Y]8AI9:UYSAXT?ZUMH%)`DT.3#ZV2Z?



N;SAD15C&A%O-



M2[/Y!2T

M..OK?4+JP'0HDQ.DRZ'H?$6:'+E!.L?H\\9&(9UC]).L7

M1+ZE:NKM%Z_D
$S[$F:*JQJ49PR$C+[OK=MA0V*#D([OISV-S..Q+9][?*IA


_I0)UIL//_*A3$LP?M_FPX;#\\=0VI\HEKR


M'=

OT37I7W.O)ID##E54K#H:MA3)YHY9Y7A8V+K(=/$7.L/&^:%/(X
M5B[BE#QM5IYW-@IYHI6S^04M#(;1SC'%@LRT08ODO8(%]^/D56(G8UK6!*98






9LFURYCW.LM!A;O


M$.

89QQ2+-CMWMG]V8AMG9A%]FGD86'!
L2!#;=`B^:_0@GMR9F$P

VR]ZT^[.!DI$^-;\?J



MEN&W4@(#V];3[ZCT]$3


MVA:4'RH_MXW&DIO?!@^?D#ON+;WCT(;G%WX.

MVN:4`YY4N&V4`YX?N&TT=G&7[K;1V'7SV^#!/7+'LT'O.+3A
P:?YXQXXK&Y
M=]R



'M

MZ&K80^*VT=6PB\-MHZMA;X7;1B






B%S5
M.6!+ZXJ'HP_=U#3O<2V&-VA?+@II3I^&?C[W=?=?]Z]?GU\.5P][;[@<=TD
M?

%D_OE6E]4I;

MA04


M0*:
E2``/JVJP-(`1]*W[OM2Y.*TL8.ELUAY`8%PZYER\50@I6UE9RY8]9\


83#0Z

M&&SFEH@_UET\01(=

3(C6]$K55\[#D&F[E[!)X8
M524^N:J2N`\*U

M-G8.0R&!)C!?8A=M:AP@T\:K+A$/49J/(Z3+7-PV$I_E7Y`I^S0L4@]81P#*
M32^7*EO7W^
A2C-SA.;(Q/8[NR2);-:&S![2'H@A:H02`S*/$SOK?`%]']9]


M

M`V-BN

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`NBAV]\!```*)D```9

M)%^ADNP:T/TNU;D\


M]T_;E\W'\S\W;^?__/3?__7AQ_;U7V_?-IOW



M^C



PW53[OVZXM@?K7\BW9STT[]
M-.V6%^%Z$2S^JJ%Z.;O-53_M*U6[_
2F+4T#]=
T.+U%*Q.O?D[:(M4?=R]



ED*-E=OIP

I


M.FWD0^Q#XD/J0^9#[D/A0^E#Y4/M0^-#ZT/G0^_#
()+59Y#C51G^3MJI-/H



D@.*2`EI(+4D`;20CI(#QG&XNQX/1W@['D](`P7%^HZ
75(J#.Y5=DE



MU)



M@E22*E)-:D@MJ2/UI

N2-5;QG[+%$V0M-PEPI
M*9.&X^O8W!T*Y1)ETQ?
59(J:3A.OW#3UQ)ETS?


$Y6SEO9'E3J+LBXJ$I&$X]V8VXZ-1:R\J
MD2B;/B5E0B?6F)NHY7+WGIQP&5Q=A=X14D@FN[Z25`F=6%]]-
K?PD:B[!I;
M4B=T8HV]B3JUA8-D4NMS#QD]*S#AD-E/(HSO)D-#:DA[.&3F`0Z90Y3=XD@:
6I&'.7`6C2DN2J[(DN6KF:AC56I)<G27)

&%4:DFZ

M%4.J$Q\NF&OO/'


MZ4M21:J%3J1O)


M=I-CH1
;DTB4;9B2

MDP:'W%KHJ8F?OTE2(SO48D_J
FT/H3L3-:*(%)
24DK*2#FI()6DBE23&E)+


M-:DAM:2.U)
&A]SRZ)F
5W%3(^,QG8S0]()[D@1*28EI)24D7)202I)%:DF
M-:26U)%ZTN06PL]N)]0S,7,*[%GD;7B[L9*+%I(24DC)23BI():DBU:2&
MU)(Z4D\:'')KH0?B$VIAQNWC6NS)J04HFH%B4D)*21DI)Q6DDE21:E)#:DD=





MZ^9^ZFC\)JJYH7'?Y;-YB;*O.B+%0B?V4R)1-E=*RDBYT(GTA439]6I(M5
M)](W$F73MZ2.U`N=2#](E$KOE'HQ;4IK%^Y.:5D:]V+_-'(G07;[(E(L=&)C


M#(TG]$D1*28EI)24D7)202I)%:DF-:26U)%ZTN06PL]C/_YYWZ9G3_^;RE




E=\JU[1L1=TJZIXM(BJAD=+

_J

_8\LEZ@.T-_KCL5RB/OMZHS_9RB7J

@EZGG@C7[:QR7J4=Y-?W3)[4QMJ'HFSC:W



M;B!`$HH``!````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````````````````)R104_#
M(!B&[R;^AX9[2VF=

\)AG!W]T`3OL_+PS)65.KL+=Q
MIE'WGW%,9S:.Z^F8M_W65\.&M&?X/7RX6D8-57FLL!B!WVTW(?EG&5&P7R

MZ*Q\K?I-=YG$U/`O\FG@!L\/[YY^P+``#__P

MT0:

`%3W#A=\L)$C]_2#X!]T&;<VELFFS<





&/L
M;F_)YK41:Q0J7E0&]Q-F^W@JG5-N,GU/Z1=U?





M



M`/__`P!02P$+0`4``8`````$`;U+9D8``#:)P``$P``````````````
M````````6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0U53`C



`




`P``K`P``!D`````````````````LT``'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E='

C`7?QH%```0%@``
&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`%D#Y6W#






M=#4V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#GRK`YA0(``#T&```9````````````

M='


N











M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!
K3A8J`(``+('```9`````````````````+[8``!X








M2P$+0`4``8`````$`&;?8L-D#``#1$```&0````````````````P[P``

W+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#.9:+Y
MP@(``.X'```9`````````````````







3



M970Q
BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`6,')'N@'``F)```&0``````````
```8`````````````````




M
YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`(\\;I8P#```J#```&0``````````````

X+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````





M='



)```&0````````````````!5







M+0`4``8`````$`KE]J0
H#``!D#P``$``````````````````2^P$`9&]C

O87!P+GAM;%!+!08`````3`!
`
84```2``(`````
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

389
124

279
982


        

548

008


        

900

355




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

967

495
543


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

162

803


        
        

457


        
        

701


        
        

400


        
        

473


        
        

589


        

399

385


        

557

808


        
        
        


        
        

075
640)


        

803)

570
744)


        

803)

646
384)


        

721

967


        
        
        


        

721

967




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 valued using full absorption costing method Including costs for seeds
 labor
 applicable overhead including depreciation
 and supplies.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 valued using full absorption costing method Including costs for seeds
 labor
 applicable overhead including depreciation
 and supplies.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
June 30
(1
455
(1
455
(42
(1
498
695
(802
496




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include the gain (loss) recognized in the income statement and the income statement caption that includes that gain (loss)
 amounts of revenues and pretax profit or loss reported in discontinued operations
 the classification and carrying value of the assets and liabilities comprising the disposal group
 and the segment in which the disposal group was reported. Also may include the amount of adjustments to amounts previously reported in discontinued operations such as resolution of contingencies arising from the disposal transaction or the operations of the component prior to disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

361
710

730
738


        

907
296

776
346


        

269
006

507
084




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


The Company currently has one operating segment
 the cultivation and harvest of Ginseng for the production of Ginseng beverages.&#160;&#160;Prior to June 30
 2013
 the Company organized its business into two reportable segments: (1) the cultivation and harvest of Ginseng for the production of Ginseng beverages and (2) the production of wine and grape juice.&#160;&#160;On June 30
 2013
 the Company discontinued its' wine and grape juice production business.



Year ended June 30
 2014:



























610









610








130





630









761













803









820



















































































































































Year ended June 30
 2013:



























563









563













180










646













277









367







































































































































227









227










        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

829

789




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



        
        
        


        

929
461

474
054




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which typically serves as security against failure by the transferor to perform under terms of an agreement.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8
17)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        



          

        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2011

          







 2011

          



 2010

          



 2014

          



 2014

          







 2012

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

462
749

000
000


        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

264

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

381
485

500
000
        
        


        

				 2012

				 2014
        
        
        
        

				04
				 2003
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

528

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Office and warehouse loan to be repay on August 29
 2013
        
        
        
        

528

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Office and warehouse loan to be repay on December 20
 2013
        
        
        
        

528

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Office and warehouse loan to be repay on August 29
 2014
        
        
        
        

637

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which accrues interest at a rate subject to change from time to time.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

610
024

563
165


        

761
922)

646
004)


        

820
291

367
231


        
        
        


        

909

240


        

232

790


        
        

689


        
        
        


        

905
        


        
        

227
979



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

130
950)

408)


        

243

610


        
        
        


        

582

244


        

873

891


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

610
024

563
165


        

630
972)

180
100)


        

803
048

277
621


        
        
        


        

327

996


        

359

899


        
        

417


        
        
        


        

905
        


        
        

227
979



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        

496)


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets of the reportable segment; if the amount: (a) is included in the determination of segment assets reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) is otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in the determination of segment assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before considering whether or not such amount is recognized in earnings or other comprehensive income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        


        

				 2013



          

        


        
        


        
        


        

				 2027




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      


 2014







          



 2013

          



 2012





          



 2012



          



        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

500
        
        
        


        

705
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

730
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

984
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        


        

664
        
        
        


        
        
        

839

839


        
        

075
640)

075
640

754
675




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 acres.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
June 30
1
462
1
456
388
387
30
30
25
25
1
906
1
899
(447
(369
1
458
1
530
Total Depreciation was $77
077 and $83
041 for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
June 30
76
80
2
77
83
041




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        

455
858)


        
        

455
858)


        
        

456)


        
        
        


        
        

498
314)


        
        

818


        
        

496)




        
          

        
          
            

 after tax expense or benefit and not previously recognized
 resulting from the sale of a business component.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 less cost to sell
 of a disposal group. Includes after tax gain for a subsequent increase in fair value (less cost to sell) up to the cumulative loss previously recognized through write-downs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax before extraordinary items allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y

5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D
M860U-F5B




W
M
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?3W!E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M=&5D7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?4W1O/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W5M;6%R





M='
#I.86UE/D1E<&]S:71?9F]R

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-












\








M




O4VAE970R


M968]

M

#I7
M;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T

M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


O4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K



O4VAE970S
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O

O4VAE970S



O4VAE970S




M97





V+FAT





M96YT7T1E=&%I;'









O4VAE970T
#I.86UE/D1E<&]S:71?9F]R7T5Q=6EP;65N=%]0=7)C:&%S93$\+W@Z




M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M+U-H965T-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@


O4VAE970T


#I.
M86UE/DEN=&%N9VEB;&5?07-S971S7T1E=&%I;'
\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\




M93Y





O4VAE970U
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\


#I7;W)K<VAE9713







T0B5V]R
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O




O4VAE
M970V






T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


O4VAE970V-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

\+W@Z3F%M93X-


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E='
^#0H@(#QX.E-T








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL

5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B
S`O




]





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M

3X\

M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]

S$L(#(P
3





]





]




]



M86QI9VX]

#8M



]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6X@



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@1FES
M8V%L(%EE87(@1F]C=7

]
M



]





]
M




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1T
M97AT/B=997




]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($9I;&5R($-A=&5G;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@

]
T1T97AT






]



W
34Q
#%?8SDR
M8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C

O4VAE970P
BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


C`Q-#QB

#$S




]
T1P




]




]
T1N=6UP/C(V






]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#(Q+#



T1T




]
T1R



]
T1P

]







M(&]F(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B`D
34L



#QS

]

]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C

]
M


]
M
T1N=6UP/C4L
S8W+#(S

]
M



]

2PS
#`L



]


]
T1N=6UP/C4L.3(X+#`T


]



BPV


\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L

M+#DX

]


2PW-C@L



S0L


C@V+#DR

]




]
M

C8Q+#8W



]


RPP
S@L




]
M


]

#DL
C







T1T;W`^0T]-34E4345.5!!
M3D0@0T].5$E.1T5.0TE%4R`H3D]412!1*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C


]
T1R



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+`D




M
S`L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3




M-RPV




MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-PQ-CDL
S



]






]
T1R;W4^





M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&
W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T
M9&%D-39E8C

O4VAE970P
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



C`Q
M

]







M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S+7!A=&5N='

RPT


M


M86QI9VX]

#`P+#`P




]
T1N=6UP/C0T+#





W
34Q
#%?8SDR
M8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C
P#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAC-S$U
3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S
M






]

M($]P97)A=&EO;G

M86X]

#$T

]
T1R




]





M5%





]
T1R




]
T1N
M=6UP/C(L-3


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26UP86ER
M;65N=!O9B!G:6YS96YG(&-R;W!S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


2PR


]




]





]
T1N=6UP/C(U


@1E)/
M32!#3TY424Y524Y'($]015)!5$E/3E
@0D5&3U)%(%1!6$53/]T9#X-B`@

2PY

BPX-#
L-3`X*3QS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M4%)/5DE324].($9/4B!)3D-/344@5$%815,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]


]

]

]
T1R93X-



T1T;W`^1V%I;B!O;B!D

]
M
T1N=6UP/C8Y-2PX




2PT.3@L
S$T

]










M4D5(14Y3259%($Q/4U


]



]


;W-S(&9R;VT@




]

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N
#(I/'-P86X^

]

]
M


]
T1T97AT



CDW/'-P86X^

SDW

#4N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M





CXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

M=W






M


;W-S(&9R;VT@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
\+W1D/@T*


T1T



]
T1N





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26UP86ER
M;65N=!O9B!G:6YS96YG(&-R;W!S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


2PR



]
T1T



]
T1N=6UP/C(L-3


]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C$P



]
T1N=6T^*#8X


T1T;W`^*$EN8W)E87-E*2!D96-R96%S92!I;B!I;G9E;G1O

]
T1N=6UP/C$V-BPQ
M





T1T;W`^

M97

]


]


T1T;W`^*$EN8W)E87-E*2!D96-R96%S92!I;B!':6YS96YG

C0V


]




]




T1T





3
V+#`P-RD\

M.3
L-3


@9'5E('1O



]
T1N=6UP/C0W

M:71I97


]
T1N=6T^*#@U+#$R



M8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G





M960@8GD@*'5S960@:6XI(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#(W-2PT



]




]




M86QI9VX]

]





]
T1N
M=6T^*#4L.3(Y+#0V






]



]
T1P

M;7`^
30Q+#4Q


M8VEN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




]
T1N=6UP/C(P.2PP-#8\

M-#0L







]

]
M






]
T1P


]


]




5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B
S`-





M=&@^5&]T86P\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^0V]M


]
M

S`L(#(P
3(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1N


]



]


]



]




C@L






]
M


]
T1N=6T^*#


]
T1N
M=6T^*#



]
T1T97AT






SDX/'-P86X^

M

M;3XH.2PT




]


]
M

]
M



]


2PY


T1T;W`^5')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N=#PO

]




]
T1R

S`L(#(P





M*#$T+#$V.2PS




]
T1N
M=6UP/C0T+#




5]C
M.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




S`L
M(#(P




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3D%455)%($]&($)54TE.15-3+!04D53






3L@3D%455)%($]&($)54TE.15-3+!0
M4D5314Y4051)3TX@04Y$($=/24Y'($-/3D-%4DX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/'`@






M.R!W:61O=W

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



38P.SPO

#`P






M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E

3!P=#L@



3H@)W1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B<L('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N

'!X.R!M87)G:6XZ
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=V5I

3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(&YO



P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT






X

M

M





M=W



'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

#`P




M;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97








@*#$L-S



P
#`P
#`[(&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@







M:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT

3!P




#`P


M



M9&5N=#H@


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO

M(S$V

P
#`P
#`[
M(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H


#M*:6QI;B!(=6%M96DF(S@R
C$[

P
#`P
#`[(&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@








C`[5&]N9VAU82!
:6YY=6%N)B
X
C(Q



M92!J=6EC92!B=70@=&\@9&%T92!H87


@=V5R
M92!P;&%N=&5D+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.TEN($IU;F4@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A


M;G0@:&%R=F5S='





Q-C`[)B
Q

M+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.T]N($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY('-O

@;V8@5&]N9VAU82!
:6YY

#`P


'!T



M=#H@






M

P
#`P
#`[(&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




38P.R8C


M
#`L

3
L-#0S+#`P
`H
M.#@P+#`P,PP

M;VYG($AU87AI82!H87


#`P


'!T.R!F;VYT



'!X

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@



#L\+V9O

P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L

=&0F(S$V
M
#LH)B
X
C(P.TII;&EN($AU87AI828C.#(R
3LI(&EN(&]R9&5R('1O(&]P




#`L

P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G
M=&EM97


M92UW:61T:#H@

P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97



'!T.R!L



3!P=#L@9F]N





3!P=#L@



3H@)W1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B<L('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N

'!X.R!M87)G:6XZ
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=V5I

3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(&YO

L

:6UI=&5D+!*:6QI;B!(
M=6%M96D@0F5V97)A9V4@0V\N($QI;6ET960L($II;&EN($=A;GIH:2!':6YS
M96YG(%!R;V1U8W1S($-O+B!,:6UI=&5D+!4;VYG:'5A($QI;GEU86X@1W)A


#`P



M.R!W:61O=W

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E

'!X.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@












M;6%L.R!W:61O=W

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L



38P

#`P
#L@9F]N






M;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L


M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA9!A;B!A8V-U;75L
M871E9!D969I8VET(&]F(0Q-PQ-CDL
S
U(&%T($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P
30L
M(&$@=V]R:VEN9R!C87!I=&%L(&1E9FEC:70@;V8@)#$Q+#8Q-BPY-C(@870@
M2G5N92`S




X
C$W.W

@


@86YD('1H





Z



M8VEN9SH@



T0G



#`P







@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97





#LF(S$V
#M4:&5S92!M871T97)S(')A:7-E
M('-U8G-T86YT:6%L(&1O=6)T(&%B;W5T('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@

Q-C`[
M)B

M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='



@86YD('-A=&ES9F%C=&EO;B!O9B!L:6%B

M
#LF(S$V
#M4:&5S92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N
M='
@9&\@;F]T(&EN8VQU9&4@86YY(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S(')E;&%T:6YG('1O


@=&AA=!M:6=H=!B



;V-A=&EO;CH@

5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B
M



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]





]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4U5-34%262!/1B!324=.
M249)0T%.5!!0T-/54Y424Y'(%!/3$E#2453/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




Z(&%U



M9SH@

M;CH@

T0G9F]N


3$[(%-534U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!

#`P








M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P


M



M9&5N=#H@


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO














M=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97











M
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M

3!P=#L@;&EN


M
#`P




M:&5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97


M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!F;VYT+7-T



'!X.R!T

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F




Q-C`[)B

M:71I97




M92!A=F5R86=E(')A=&4@9'5R:6YG('1H92!P97)I;V0N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M1V%I;G










6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV

M93H@

M:79A;&5N='

M
#`P

M+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!L


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T


P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



M:7IE.B`Q



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV

M93H@







M93H@;F]R;6%L.R!W:61O=W

'!X.R`M

'!X.R!T




P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97



'!T


3!P=#L@





@86YD(&ES('-T871E9!A=!T:&4@

M.B`C
#`P

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT


P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL

M
#`P




M:&5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97


M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!F;VYT+7-T



'!X.R!T

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F



#`P
#L@9F]N






M;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L


M.B`C
#`P

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS



'!T



'!X.R!M87)G:6XZ
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=V5I

3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(&YO

T0G8V]L;W(Z





Z(&%U=&\[






@=&AE(&9U



@


T0G8V]L;W(Z





Z(&%U=&\[







#`P




M;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT

M.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M:6YG('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!':6YS96YG(&-R;W!S(&ES(')E=FEE=V5D(&]N



M='

M;B!T:&4@86-R97



M.B`C
#`P

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT


P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL

M:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT

3!P








M;6%L.R!W:61O=W

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L




M86=E('!R;V1U8W1I;VX@:7



P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L










M8V@@:7




'!X.R!M87)G:6XZ
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=V5I

3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(&YO

T0G8V]L;W(Z





Z(&%U=&\[






@


M)B
Q-C`[)B

M

38P.R8C
M





M
38P.R8C





@96YD960@2G5N92`S
P@,C`Q-!A;F0@
C`Q
RP@;F\@






M:#H@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N

3!P=#L@



M;!':6YS96YG(&IU:6-E(&%N9!W:6YE+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.TEN(&%C8V]R
M9&%N8V4@=VET:!T:&5S92!A9W)E96UE;G1S+!T:&4@9&ES=')I8G5T;W)S






#LF(S$V
#M4

3!P



3H@)W1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B<L('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@

'!X.R!M87)G
6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M

3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z







M:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT

3!P




M
#LF(S$V
#M!=!*=6YE(#,P+`R


M








M;G







M

M;&]W86YC92!F;W(@1&]U8G1F=6P@06-C;W5N='

#`P


'!T



M=#H@






M

P
#`P
#`[(&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




@86YD(&]T:&5R(&EN
M9F]R;6%T:6]N+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.T%C8V]U;G0@8F%L86YC97
@87)E('=R

M(&1E=&5R;6EN97
@=&AE(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@:7
@=6YC;VQL96-T:6)L92XF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V


N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&AE

M8W1I8FQE(&%F=&5R(&]N92!Y96%R+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^

#`P
#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=T




M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L

M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

Q

#`P
#`P.R!F




M=71O.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@





M93H@





'!X

'!X.R!M87)G:6XM


M9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97


L(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

#`P
#`P.R!F;VYT+69A

M:7IE.B`Q









M:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M:#H@




T0G






#`P
#`P.R!F;VYT+69A

M:7IE.B`Q







'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@








M;65N='

M='

38P.R8C
38P.U=H96X@97%U:7!M96YT


M;F%T960@9G)O;2!T:&4@86-C;W5N='



P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F










Z(&%U



M9SH@

M;CH@

T0G9F]N




#`P





M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

@

@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R!4;W!I
M8R`R-C`\:3XF(S$V

Q-C`[*$50


@:7



@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@;G5M
M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97

M;V0N)B
Q-C`[)B

M:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT

3!P








M;6%L.R!W:61O=W

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L


















M(&EN('1H92!C86QC=6QA=&EO;B!O9B!N970@:6YC;VUE+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^

#`P
#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ(=T




M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L

M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

Q

#`P
#`P.R!F



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H


M
#`P




M:&5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97


M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!F;VYT+7-T



'!X.R!T

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F


M(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@8F5C875S92!O9B!T:&4@:6UM961I871E(&]R('-H;W)T


#`P
#L@9F]N






M;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L


M.B`C
#`P

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT


#`P
#`P.R!F;VYT+69A

M:7IE.B`Q



M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=VAI=&4M



M:68[)SXF(S$V

P
M
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L



'!T.R!L:6YE



@870@96YA8W1E











Z



M8VEN9SH@



T0G


P
#`P
#`[(&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97




M.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97


M;&]R.B`C
#`P

M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R


'!X.R!T97AT+71R

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF

M($%30R`W-#`M
3`\:3XF(S$V


\+VD^)B

#LF(S$V
#M-86YA

#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!N;R!A9&1I=&EO;F%L(&%C8W)U86P@


M
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M

3!P=#L@;&EN


M;&4]





M:61O=W



'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


M;G0@;V8@3&]N9RU


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N
M=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M





Z(&%U=&\[('1E



'!X

'!X





@:6YD:6-A




@:7
@;F]T(')E8V]V97)A8FQE+B8C
38P
M.R8C


@;F]T(')E8V]V97)A



M.B`C
#`P

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L


'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT


P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL

#`P





#L\+V9O;G0^

P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F


38P.R8C
M

38P.U1H92!&86ER(%9A;'5E

M86)I;&ET:65S+4EN8VQU9&EN9R!A;B!!;65N9&UE;G0@;V8@05-#(#
R
TQ
M,P\+VD^)B


M
#LF(S$V




'!X.R!M87)G:6XZ
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=V5I

3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(&YO

T0G8V]L;W(Z





M:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV87)I86YT

3!P








M;6%L.R!W:61O=W

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L





#L\


@=&\@8W5S=&]M
M97)S(&EN(&%M;W5N='









P
#`P
#`[(&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@








X
C(P.SQI/E!R97-E;G1A=&EO

38P.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S$V
#M'

N
M($UA;F%G96UE;G0F(S@R




#LQ-2P@
C`Q-BX@16%R;'D@861O





W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
M
#0T9&%D-39E8C
P#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAC
M-S$U
3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S

'0O:'1M




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


]
M

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS




@+2!04D]015)462!!3D0@15%525!-14Y4

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M92UW:61T:#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

38P.SPO

T0G9F]N=#H@


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R














T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XU

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT



CXR




M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@


C`Q







38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R


2PT-38L
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C,X.PQ-3D\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


M;&4]

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG
M/DUO=&]R('9E:&EC;&5S/]T9#X\=&0^)B



S`L

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

#L\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C
P+#$W.3PO=&0^/'1D

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^



M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
2XU


M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@8F]R


M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XU

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW
M:61T:#H@

Q



C$\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@






2PY
#8L

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

#L\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$L.#DY+#8T-#PO=&0^

#L\+W1D/CPO

'0M86QI9VXZ

@86-C=6UU;&%T






M.B!S;VQI9#LG/B8C

M(')I9VAT.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;2UW:61T:#H@


V.2PR-30\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@









#`P




T0G9F]N
M=#H@


#`P
M

M:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED=&@Z



T0G9F]N=#H@


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R



T0G9F]N=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

P
#`P
#`[('1E

'!X.R!L971T97(M

M=#H@

'!X



L

@
M96YD960@2G5N92`S
P@,C`Q-!A;F0@
C`Q

M




#`P


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97







M=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@


M92`S




M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@






38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T



T0R/C(P
3
\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D




#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3(N.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

3(N.'!X.R!T97AT


M.B`Q

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C@P
M+#0U

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N











38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@


BPU.#D\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M




T0G


T0G9F]N=#H@

#`P
#`P.R!T





M9SH@


'!T+VYO


3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T
M.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#









M

3M$15!/4TE4($9/4B!%455)4$U%3E0@4%520TA!4T4\



M








T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CLG/DEN($YO=F5M8F5R(&]F(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&UA9&4@









^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5-13X-B`@(`@

3(@36]N=&AS

S`L(#(P




]


T0G9F]N=#H@

M
#`P

M('=H:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED

X
C$Q

T0G9F]N=#H@


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M9CLG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@





M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M9SH@


'!T+VYO

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0P

M

M/B8C



M86X]
T0V/DIU;F4@



38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T



T0R/C(P
30\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\

M;W1T;VTM8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P

CXR
M





M
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3(N.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

3(N.'!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(R-BPQ
S`\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


M)SXR
3
L



M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

M;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C0V+#$P







M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
2XU


M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@8F]R

U


M/B8C

M



#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B
M;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@-'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



M93LG/C(S
RPT
3(\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T




'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6X[(&QE='1E<BUS<&%C:6YG.B!N;W)M86P[



M;VYT.B`Q

'!T



T0G9F]N=#H@

S`L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
M
3


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


P
#`P

M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[07



M7SAC-S$U
3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S
`T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
30\

M26YV97-T;65N='


T1T;W`^24Y615-4345.5%
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





M;VYT.B`Q

3L@24Y615-4345.5%



'!X.R!W:&ET92US

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





T0G9F]N=#H@

M8V5M8F5R(#(P
3`L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&EN=F5S=&5D(0R-PX-C@@*%)-
M0B`Q-3
L
#`P*2!I;B!#:&%N9V-H=6X@6FAO;F=S:&5N($)E=F5R86=E($-O
M+B!





N($%S('-U8V@L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9&5D


M;F1E9!*=6YE(#,P+`R

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


#`P
M

M:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED=&@Z







M

@=&\@97-T




C4L(#(P
3(N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[26X@4V5P
M=&5M8F5R(#(P

C`Q



M965T
3

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@






]


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97




'!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E


M2G5N92`S


38P.R8C
38P.U1H92!G




@;6]D96P@=&\@


N)B
Q
M-C`[)B

M075G=7-T(#(P
3$N)B
Q-C`[)B



#L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I





M(S`P
#`P

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

@9G)O;2!T:&4@0VAI;F5S92!G

@;V8@


@97AP:7)E(&EN(&1I9F9E


M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@8V%S:!F;&]W(&%N9!I='
@86)I;&ET

M;F1E9!*=6YE(#,P+`R


M;GD@:7


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


P
#`P
#`[('1E

'!X.R!L971T97(M






C`L





#$W+B8C
38P.R8C
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS






'!X.R!W







'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



M;&QO=W

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M





T0G9F]N=#H@


M:#H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\='(@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M



M-CY*=6YE(#

M+C5P=#LG/B8C


M;&4]



Q




38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(L-#DU
M+#4T







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C



M;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C





M
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^,C$L,38R/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G



M(S$V

Q

38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D/B8C

M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG

M

T0G




T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/D9I96QD(&-L96%R:6YG(&%N9!C=6QT:79A
M=&EO;CPO=&0^/'1D/B8C

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/BT\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


T0G=&5X
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^.#$L-#`P/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

T0G=F5R

M92!F964@;F5T(&]F(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@9F5E/]T9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C


BPU.#D\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




T0G


M)B



38P.SPO

M=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@







T0G=&5X

M;&4]

T0G

M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9#Y
97-S.CPO=&0^
M/'1D/B8C

M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG
M/B8C

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L



#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




T0G


M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@Q+#`W-2PV-#`\+W1D/CQT9!S

M;&4]







M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@W



BPV-#8L



38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C


#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\


#L\+W1D



M;&5F=#LG/B8C


C$\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


T0G=&5X


M;&4]






T0G=&5X






#`P





M






#LF(S$V
#M87-E9!U




T0G9F]N=#H@


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT





M




M:7


;V-A=&EO;CH@

5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B
M



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

\8G(^

]
T1R93X-



]

]


T0G9F]N=#H@

M
#`P

M('=H:71E+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED

X
C$Q


P
#`P

M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97

#`P
#L@



T0G9F]N=#H@

M($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R

#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@




@86YD




M
38P.R8C


@;6%R:V5T

38P.R8C
38P.TEF('1H92!H


M+B8C
38P.R8C


38P.R8C
38P.U1H92!L:6%B
M:6QI='D@870@2G5N92`S
P@,C`Q-!A;F0@
C`Q
R!W87
@)#@W
RPY-C0@
M86YD(0X-S`L,S`P+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&AE(')E

M8W1I=F4@87)E87

34N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$

]
T1T



]



M9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


@;F5W






T0G9F]N=#H@






#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0R/C(P
30\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P

C`Q
M

M


CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\

T0G=VED=&@Z

24[)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C


M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M







M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


M)B

#L\+V9O

'!X

T0G9F]N=#H@

2PX
M





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5-13X-B`@(`@



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


3T%.(%!!

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


P
#`P
#`[('1E

'!X.R!L971T97(M





'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

Q-C`[

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z(
P
#`P

M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






@9V5N97)A









^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S


T1T



T1T;W`^3D]412!005E!


]

#`P






M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E

3L@0E5)

P
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97



'!T.R!L



3!P=#L@9F]N






BPW-#D@*%)-0B`Y+#`P
PP,#`I+B!/;B!*=6YE(#(T+`R
#$Q


#`I+B!/;B!397!T96UB97(@
3`L(#(P
3$L('1H92!#;VUP86YY

C`Q
BP@=&AE($-E;G1R86P@0F%N:R!2



3$N.3@Y)2X@5&AE(&QO86X@:7


M=V%S('!A:60@87

PP,#`@4DU(&EN($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#(P
3`@86YD(AB*2`T,#`L,#`P(%)-0B!I;B!*=6YE(#(P,3$N($]N
M($%U9W5S=`S
P@,C`Q,BP@=&AE(&QO86X@=V%S(')E;F5G;W1I871E9!E

@;V8@
2PP
#`L
#`P
M(%)-0B`H55-$(#$V
BPU

#$R.R`Q+#`P
PP
M,#`@4DU(A54T0@,38R+#4R.D@;VX@075G=7-T(#(Y+`R,#$S.R`Q+#`P
M,PP
#`@4DU(A54T0@

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T
M-&1A9#4V96(S






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#






@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97

P
#`P

M9&5N=#H@









M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L

CDL
M(#(P
3

M
#LF(S$V

2PV
#8@*%)-0B`Q
M+#
P


L(#(P
30L

S`L(#(P
30@





M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&
W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D
M-39E8C

O4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

M86X]

#$T






M(S`P
#`P


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

X





Q-C`[

'!X.R!T

#`P

M:61T:#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


3(L
C`X+#4P
D@870@2G5N92`S,P@


M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&
W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V
M.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C

O4VAE970R









]
T1T
M:#Y*=6XN(#




]


M;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




T0G9F]N
M=#H@

38P



#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@9G5N9'



BP@

38P.R8C
38P.TEN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!&
M05-($%30R`X
S4M

M=&5R97-T(&-H87)G92!O9B`D
3`X+#4T.!A;F0@)#$R.PP
#@@=VAI8V@@


M;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=#H@


'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!T:&4@


@



W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T
M.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C

O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*







M.B`Q

3L@4%)/5DE324].($9/4B!)3D-/344@5$%815
\



T0G9F]N=#H@


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R













T0G9F]N=#H@

M9G0[(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=&5X

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P


T0G9F]N=#H@

M(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$






\+W1D/@T*/'1D

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M)SXQ+#(S


M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
35P

#PO=&0^#0H\


M(S$V

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/@T*/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SY.970@;W!E<F%T:6YG(&QO<W-E

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(L-38W+#(U

T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


38P.SPO



M86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@



M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@






Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B
M;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@-'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M




2PR


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM8V]L




M.B!D;W5B;&4[)SXX+#@U




M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M.B`C
#`P



T0G9F]N=#H@








M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M;VYT.B`Q

M:#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@






M




M;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@


C`Q
SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M960@4W1A=&5S/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M




M)SXF(S$V

M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW
M:61T:#H@

BPY
M

CDV/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M86-K.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O


M


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@-'!T.R!B;W)D



3`L

T0G





M=#LG/B8C




#`P







@8V%R



M87(@
C`Q
RXF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M92P@=&AE('!R;V9I=&%B:6QI='D@;V8@=&AE(&EN9&EV:61U86P@0VAI;F5S
M92!C;VUP86YI97







M





M

T0G9F]N=#H@


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M9CLG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\









Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M/B@V-C
L-#`X/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M.3(R/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#1P=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X



M+#8T-BPP



T0G9F]N=#H@

#`P
M

M:#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


P
M
#`P

'!X



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M9SH@


'!T+VYO



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M.R!W:61T:#H@







M1F]R('1H92!996%R($5N9&5D/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M




M9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V/DIU;F4@
S`L/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M)SXF(S$V



M;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P

M=&]M.B`Q+C5P=#LG/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US

CXR
#$S/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0G=VED=&@Z

39P




M

M


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M)SXM/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C
M:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT




M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C





#`P


M





'!X



M;F4@
S`L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3

@87
@9F]L




M



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@




M.B!S;VQI9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V/DIU;F4@
S`L/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M




M9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P
3



T0G


M(&)L86-K.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O

CXR
#$R/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D


T0G

M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$T
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@S-XP/]T9#X-CQT9!S


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M(S$V


M=#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C
N

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[)SX-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C


#L\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C








M;&4]

M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US

M.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO


M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@8F]R


M(S$V






Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L









T0G9F]N=#H@

#`P
M

M:#H@



W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D
M-39E8C
P#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAC-S$U
3`Q
M7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S





]


T0G9F]N=#H@

M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97



#LF(S$V

M97
@=&AE(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@;V8@5&]N9VAU82!
:6YY=6%N('=I=&@@=&AE
M('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3

#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)R!C;VQS


M.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/CPO

M)B





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



CXR


38P.SPO=&0^

M/B8C


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M/B8C






38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T



Q

T0G=VED=&@Z(#DE.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@Q+#0U-2PX-3@\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T






\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI
M9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C


M.B!R:6=H=#LG/BT\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C


M=#LG/BT\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





;W-S
M(&9R;VT@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G








'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C8Y-2PX,3@\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT<B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



38P.SPO

T0G8F]R



BPT.38\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M
'!X.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


@;F5W(')O


3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A
M9#4V96(S


]
M

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


@
M86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97


T1T;W`^0T]-34E4345.5%
@04Y$($-/
M3E1)3D=%3D-)15

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97

P
#`P

M+6EN9&5N=#H@



3L@0T]-34E4345.5%
@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15
\+V9O






'!X.R!W:&ET


@96UP



P
#`P

M







M)B



T0G






Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

RPX.#(\



T0G=F5R=&EC


#$V/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D

L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



M9#LG/B8C




38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R



'!X(#!P



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\






M92!O9F9I8V5S(&EN($-H:6YA(&%G9W)E9V%T:6YG(#(P


S-RDN)B
Q


'!X

#`P

M92UW:61T:#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97




2PU
#`@

@;F\@


@82!R


'!X.R!W:&ET92US





M($-O;7!A;GD@:&%D(&$@





38P.R8C

Q



Q-C`[)B




@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E

P
M
#`P



M
T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N











@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97

M96YS92!W87
@)#

C0N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$

]


M

]



'!X.R!W



3L@
M0T].0T5.5%)!5$E/3E


'!X.R!W:&ET92US

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





T0G9F]N=#H@

M92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P





'!X.R!W:&ET








T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P
3

@



M.&
W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C

M='
O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

]




]



]




#`P
#L@

'!X

T0G9F]N=#H@

@)B
X
C$Q.R!/4$52



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^



M+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M


M
#LF(S$V



M;65N='



M








#LF(S$V
#M%86-H('-E9VUE;G0@
M:7

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97





'!X.R!W:&ET






@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E



M

P
#`P

M;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

3!P
M=#LG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N
M=#H@


M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


M:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@








T0G9F]N
M=#H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97





T0G9F]N
M=#H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#L\+W1D



M/3-$

T0G9F]N=#H@





M(-C8V5E9F8[)SX-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N
M;W)M86P[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M:61T:#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M




T0G9F]N=#H@



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q





BPV
3`L
#(T/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q

#L\







Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M
3
P+#DU

T0G9F]N=#H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


38P.SPO

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[
M)SXF(S$V




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97




T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N
M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q

M9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXH-PW-C$L.3(R/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97




M
T0G9F]N=#H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97


38P.SPO

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


38P

T0G9F]N=#H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R



3!P=#LG/B8C
M

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\




M93H@
3!P=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

3!P=#LG/B8C
M






M;7

M


3!P=#LG/B8C


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q





3!P=#LG/B8C

M;&4]


3!P
M=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@





@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97



M
T0G9F]N=#H@




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L\+W1D/@T*


Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M

T0G9F]N=#H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M;#LG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SY)

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L\+W1D


Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97



T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N






M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@

M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+VYO


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M9CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97




T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M+!S97)I9CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@
M;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q




T0G9F]N=#H@




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




T0G9F]N=#H@



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97


38P

T0G9F]N=#H@


M=#L@9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M
M86P[)SXF(S$V



Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




T0G9F]N=#H@

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@

M=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


38P

T0G9F]N=#H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M


M
T0G9F]N=#H@



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97


Q

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@






M;65S+!S97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E
M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SY996%R(&5N9&5D($IU;F4@,S`L(#(P,3,Z/]F;VYT



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N
M;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6X[(&QE='1E<BUS<&%C:6YG.B!N;W)M





M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M/3-$


M;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@




@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

2XU


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+VYO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E

M(&)L86-K.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O



T0G9F]N=#H@


M/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@
M




@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97








M
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E
M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXM/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@
M9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXS+#4V
RPQ-C4\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



M/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


M;VYT.B`Q


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M:61T:#H@

M=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97



M;#LG/C

T0G9F]N=#H@



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

'!T

I/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





RPT
#@\+W1D



T0G9F]N=#H@

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97





Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q








T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF
M(S$V



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+VYO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

T0G9F]N=#H@





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+VYO





@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97

C$\+W1D


Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


#L\





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF
M(S$V



S8W+#(S

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT



#L\+W1D/@T*

3!P
M=#LG/B8C


M.B`Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M(S$V


3!P=#LG/B8C

T0G9F]N
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M
M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[)SX-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q,'!T+VYO
M<FUA;`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97










#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

3!P=#LG/B8C
M


'!T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T



#L\

M93H@
3!P=#LG/B8C



T0G9F]N=#H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97



M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


M





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+VYO


M9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[
M)SXF(S$V





T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P







@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97

BPX



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF
M(S$V



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M;#LG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



M87-S971S/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


M


M;#LG/C(W

T0G9F]N=#H@

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M;#LG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E



T0G9F]N=#H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97


38P.SPO=&0^


M;VYT.B`Q




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


M





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+VYO


M9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[
M)SXF(S$V







Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M


M;&5F=#L@9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N
M;W)M86P[)SXF(S$V








M;&4]




@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97




@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)SXF
M(S$V






Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T


M=#L@9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M
M86P[)SXF(S$V





T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M9CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M



M+R\O0SHO.&
W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C
P+U=O

O4VAE970R-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S





@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97

P
#`P

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M:61T:#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N

T0G9F]N=#H@

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N








M8FEL:71I97


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97

P
#`P

M+6EN9&5N=#H@







T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M

T0G9F]N=#H@


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS




@=&AE($-H:6YE

Q
M-C`[)B


M=&5D(&EN=&\@55

M='

M:6YG('1H92!P97)I;V0N)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[1V%I;G


M;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&%R92!I;F-L=61E9!I;B!A8V-U;75L871E




'!T+VYO



T0G9F]N=#H@


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

P
#`P

M;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






38P.R8C
38P

P+`R
M,#$T(&%N9`R


]




M(S`P
#`P

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97







M
#`P

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


Q-C`[)B




M.B`Q

M

T0G9F]N=#H@






#`P
M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M97

@87




2PP





#L@;&5T=&5R+7-P



T0G9F]N=#H@

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N


M:68[)SXF(S$V




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M96YG(&-R;W!S+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.TEN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&-R;W`@8V]S='
@






'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97





M8V]S='




]
T1R;SX-

]


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



M9SH@


'!T+VYO



M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M92!F;W(@=&AE(&)E=F5R86=E('!R;V1U8W1I;VX@:7






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M92UW:61T:#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@






'!X.R!W:&ET








T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



@;W)D

Q-C`[)B




38P.R8C

M:6YA;&EZ97




38P.R8C
38P.U5P;VX@8W5S=&]M97(@

M;&4@:7



65A<G
@96YD960@2G5N92`S
M
P@,C`Q-!A;F0@
C`Q



'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



M=VEN92XF(S$V
#LF(S$V


@

Q-C`[
M)B



M9&ES=')I8G5T;W(N)B
Q-C`[)B



2P@8V]M;65N8VEN9R!W:71H




'!X.R!W:&ET92US

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





'!X.R!W









P+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
M

]
T1P

#L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I






'!X

#`P


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97

M;W5N='

X
C$W.W
@97-T:6UA=&4@


M97(@:6YF;W)M871I;VXN)B
Q-C`[)B


M8FQE+B8C
38P.R8C
38P.U1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

M=&5R;7

#LF(S$V
M

@82!R96-E:79A8FQE('1O(&)E('5N


]






'!X.R!T97AT

#`P


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


#`P






@9F]L



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M
3(U




M;7!R;W9E;65N='
\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M)B



\+W1D/CPO='(^


M;&5F=#LG/DUO=&]R('9E:&EC;&5S/]T9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^




M;&]R.B`C
#`P

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97







]


T0G9F]N=#H@


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R










#`P
#L@

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

@

@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R!4;W!I
M8R`R-C`\:3XF(S$V

Q-C`[*$50


@:7



@8GD@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@;G5M
M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97

M;V0N)B
Q-C`[)B


M;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG




T0G9F]N
M=#H@




'!X.R!T

#`P


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97

@
C(P+3$P+#QI
M/B8C

Q

@3F\N(#$S



M26YS=')U;65N='






M.B`Q



M
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#`P
#`P

M+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED=&@Z(#!P







]


M

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97





M

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97

@9F]R(&EN

M86-C;W5N=&EN9RXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


M87@@8F%S97





]

P
M
#`P
#`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L



'!T.R!L:6YE




M;G

M;F]R;6%L.R!W:61O=W

'!X.R`M=V5B

'!X.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@9F]N=UV

M93H@


#M!4T
@
M-S0P+3$P)B
X
C(Q.RDN)B
Q-C`[)B



X
C(P.VUO

X

@
M;V8@2G5N92`S
P@,C`Q-!A;F0@
C`Q

@87)E(&-O;G-I






T0G
M9F]N=#H@





M
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#`P
#`P

M+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED=&@Z(#!P



M;B!T:&4@;V)S97)V86)L92!M87)K970@=F%L=64@;V8@86X@87-S970L(&$@


M97)S92!C:&%N9V4@=&AA=!W;W5L9!I;F1I8V%T92!T:&%T('1H92!C87)R

M(&YO=!R96-O=F5R86)L92XF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#M&;W(@;&]N9RUL:79E9!A










T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#`P
#`P

M+7-P86-E.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED=&@Z(#!P






'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M
#QI/B8C

M8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97

C4M
3`L/&D^)B
Q-C`[5&AE($9A:7(@5F%L=64@3W!T:6]N

@
S(P+3$P+#PO:3XF
M(S$V
#LH)B
X
C(P.T%30R`X
C4M
3`F(S@R


38P.R8C
38P


@;VX@:71E;7
@9F]R('=H:6-H('1H
M92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]P=&EO;B!H87



]

]



'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C;VQO

#`P

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97




@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97

P
#`P

M9&5N=#H@





M

X
C(Q.R!4:&4@;F5W(&=U









N(%%U86YT:71A=&EV








M.B`Q

M

T0G9F]N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0G9F]N=#H@

M9G0[(&-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=&5X

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P


C`Q-P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352`R,#$T+3$U+`F
M(S@R



M8G0@86)O=70@86X@96YT:71Y)B
X
C$W.W



@




38P

@;F]T(&1E=&5R;6EN960@=&AE(&EM


M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&
W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V
M.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C

O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

I/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#




]



T0G9F]N=#H@

P
#`P

M+6EN9&5N=#H@


'!X.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P





T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M9CL@=VED=&@Z(#$R-3`N-'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=&5X







M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V

T0G=VED=&@Z


3)P


T0G=F5R=&EC

M97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^-2`M(#$U('EE87)S




\

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97





M

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T
M-&1A9#4V96(S






]

T1)1#!%
D8^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'





]



'!X.R!L971T





Q

M97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
M

M1#8^2G5N92`S

T0G


M;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@


C`Q-#PO=&0^/'1D('-T

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

38P.SPO=&0^



T0R/C(P
3
\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M





M+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T




'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C,X
M-RPX,C8\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT<B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T


M

M
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C
P+#
P

#L\
M+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


M:'0[)SXS

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




T0G





M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@


C4L


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XU



38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@8F]R9&5R





38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UC;VQO











P
#`P
M


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


]


C4P+C1P

M:61T:#H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N



M=&]M.B`Q+C5P=#LG/B8C



M;VQI9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V/DIU;F4@


38P.SPO

38P



T0R
M/C(P
30\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XU

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT



CXR



M:61T:#H@




M/B8C

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L



M:61T:#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R



M+C5P=#LG/B8C



M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F]R



M.B`Q+C5P=#LG/B8C

M=&]M.B`Q+C5P=#LG/B8C



M:60[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H








M





L




M9SH@


'!T+VYO


3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V
M96(S



]
T1R




]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]
T1T97AT

T0G9F]N=#H@

#`E.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L










M;&4]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0R/C(P
3
\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D


\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#DE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#LG/C(Q
RPR
#D\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[('1E



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SY&:6YI<VAE
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(L.3$Q/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

6QE
M/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[(&)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z
M(-C8V5E9F8[)SX\=&0@<W1Y;&4]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG

W


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O



M


M


M;W1T;VTZ(#1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T


S`N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$


]
T1T
M:#Y*=6XN(#





T1T;W`^4V-H961U
M;&4@;V8@86YA;'ES:7


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N


T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M97)I9CLG/B8C



M9&5N=#H@






M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@





Q-C`[

M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
2XU

M

M/B8C

M=#LG/B8C



M;'-P86X]
T0R/C(P
3
\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@




M:#H@


Q

M/B0\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@







M



38P.SPO=&0^



\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\


2PQ-C(\+W1D





M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/BT\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


T0G=&5X


M9CPO=&0^/'1D/B8C

M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

M)B

'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^-3DL-S`Q/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

T0G=F5R=&EC





#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT


2PT


M/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T



38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C

M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#LG/C
P
2PT-S
\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L



M;&4]






M

M97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
M

RPS.3D\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@





M+#



M(V-C965F9CLG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P

#L\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UC



M/B8C

M=#LG/B8C



M
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F]R9&5R


BPX
#@\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@





T0G=&5X
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4]











M9#LG/B8C

M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW
M:61T:#H@

M





M.B!S;VQI9#LG/B8C

M(')I9VAT.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;2UW:61T:#H@




M;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[)SX\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^*#<P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

Q

38P

Q-C`[

38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D/B8C

M9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#LG/B8C

M)SXF(S$V



T0G






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N



M)B



38P.SPO

M=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@



M/B8C

M=#LG/B8C



M
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8F]R9&5R


2XU




T0G=&5X





T0G9F]N=#H@

M
#`P

M:61T:#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N



5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B












#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

]



M=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

T0G;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E



M.R!W:61T:#H@

M=US:7IE+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[)R!C


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


P+#PO=&0^

38P.SPO





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T

3@L







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M:'0[)SXH
34L

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





M

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T




38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

3`Q
M7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S







]

T1)1#!%2D-!0SX-


]


]


]

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O

M;CH@

#`P


M:68[)SXF(S$V

M+6%D:G5S=#H@;F]N93L@9F]N=US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[(UW96)K:70M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US

P+#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/@T*/'1D/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

M97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@

CXR
#$T/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


2PR


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@


T0G=VED




T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P



T0G

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B
M;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T





38P


M;VTM8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@


M;3H@

T0G=F5R=&EC




T0G





#L\







M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

34V-W!X




T0P/CQT

38P

M



M
T0V/DIU;F4@







T0R/C(P
30\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D

M;VTM8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@

CXR
#$S


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q



T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$T


#PO=&0^/'1D

Q

M/B0\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


RPW
S`L-S

\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O
M;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@



M86-K.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
M


M;VTM8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M



T0G



38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)O<F1E<BUB;W1T






38P.SPO





T0G9F]N=#H@

M
#`P

M:61T:#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

38P.SPO9F]N


'!X.R!L971T97(M




M9#X\=&0^)B




M8F]T=&]M.B`Q+C5P=#LG/B8C



M.B!S;VQI9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V/DIU;F4@


38P

M



M
T0R/C(P
30\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XU

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C



CXR






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG
M/B@S+#8S

35P




M;&4]


Q



38P.SPO=&0^

M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@


3
P+#DU
#PO=&0^/'1D

M+C5P=#LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XU

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW
M:61T:#H@

Q






T0G

T0G=&5X



M(S`P
#`P




#L\+V9O


M9VX]

M97






#`P
#L@=&5X



T0G9F]N=#H@


M

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

M(S$V

M;W1T;VT[)SX\=&0^)B



#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

Q-C`[





M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M=#LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@










M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@






M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M9#LG/BT\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M;&4]

M;&4]

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM8V]L;W(Z







@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97
'0M
M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6X[(&QE='1E<BUS



M(S$V


]

M

P
#`P

M;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L



M8VEN9SH@




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M



M
CXR




M=&5R.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;2UW:61T:#H@


C`Q

M=&]M.B`Q+C5P=#LG/B8C

M9CLG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3$Y
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

T0G=VED=&@Z

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@

T+C`\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

S0N




M=&%T92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97



M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C



M=#LG/B8C

M93PO=&0^/'1D/B8C

M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#LG/C



T0G=&5X




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O











#L\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R
M.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@-'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T




M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&
W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T
M9&%D-39E8C

O4VAE970S
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]





#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@









'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L




M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C





M(#$N-7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T


M(#$N-7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C

38P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P







T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





38P

#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/BT\+W1D/CQT



M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

38P.SPO

#L\+W1D






M;W(@=&%X97
\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
2XU

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW
M:61T:#H@

Q






T0G=F5R=&EC

@9G)O;2!D:7-C

M(S$V

Q

38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D/B8C

M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/BT\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0^)B

M=#LG/B8C


M)SXF(S$V



M;W-S(&9R;VT@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G




M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R9&5R


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#1P=#LG/B8C


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@




M



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97
'0M
M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6X[(&QE='1E<BUS



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M92UW:61T:#H@

W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
M
#0T9&%D-39E8C
P#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAC
M-S$U
3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S

'0O:'1M





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'










'!T

M(#$P

P+#PO=&0^/'1D('-T

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D





T0G=VED=&@Z(#DE.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C4S+#@X



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


M

M9SH@


M.B`Q+C5P=#LG/B8C


Q







#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B

M:6=H=#LG/C$Q-RPW
#8\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O


M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&
W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V
M.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C

O4VAE970S-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


]


]


]


]



P
#`P

M+6EN9&5N=#H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M87(@96YD960@2G5N92`S

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

#`P
#`P.R!T97AT+71R



T0G9F]N=#H@



P
#`P

M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M:6YG.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97



T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0R/E!A

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


38P.SPO

T0G9F]N=#H@



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97

M.B`Q+C5P=#LG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M+!S97)I9CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M




Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





'!T+VYO


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@






@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97



T0G9F]N=#H@





RXV

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q








RXV

M)B

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








#L\

M(S$V


L-C
P+#DW

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P




M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@



@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E


M;W(Z(-C8V5E9F8[)SX-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



C0S/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E


T0G9F]N=#H@


M+!S97)I9CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G9F]N=#H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


M/B8C






3!P=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


#L\+W1D/@T*

3!P
M=#LG/B8C



3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

M)B

M(S$V


3!P=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X




'!T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T



3!P=#LG/B8C

T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

#L\+W1D/@T*

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
'!T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H




M

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M

T0G9F]N=#H@








M:68[)SXF(S$V


M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V



T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M/C0V+#@W

T0G9F]N=#H@



M/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*


T0G9F]N=#H@


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97


#L\

M+!S97)I9CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G9F]N=#H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM
M97

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





38P



M;G-E/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q






M/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G9F]N=#H@


M)SXM/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M9G0[)SXF(S$V



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G9F]N=#H@


M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M)SXF(S$V


#L\+W1D

M


T0G9F]N=#H@



M

T0G9F]N=#H@



M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


P
#`P
#`[('1E


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97




#`P
#L@

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M



P
#`P

M+6EN9&5N=#H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L




M#0H\9&EV/B8C
38P.R8C


M9&5N=#H@





@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


M97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q+C5P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97




CY7:6YE/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T


M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.@T*(&)L86-K.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q

M

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

30N-31P


T0G9F]N=#H@




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q


C@N


Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L('-E



T0G9F]N=#H@

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


M('=I9'1H.B`Q
RXV

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q





@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97
L


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


#L\+W1D/@T*

RPT
M

M)SXI/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M)RP@=&EM97

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M(&QE9G0[)SXI/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@

38P

T0G9F]N=#H@



RPV-#8L
#`T/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


'!T

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M9CLG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@




#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T








M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M
T0G9F]N=#H@



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

#L\+W1D




3!P=#LG/B8C

M;&4]



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

M)SXF(S$V




3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO




@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97

M:6-A;G0@:71E;7




3!P=#LG/B8C

M

3!P=#LG
M/B8C

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F



3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^




3!P=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M.B`Q


#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\

M

M9G0[)SXF(S$V


#L\

M(S$V


'!T+VYO

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


M)SXF(S$V


M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V



C0P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q




T0G9F]N=#H@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G9F]N=#H@


BPX

M)SXF(S$V


#L\+W1D

M



T0G9F]N=#H@


M=#LG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+VYO



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@









M

T0G9F]N=#H@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97



M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


M

M)SXF(S$V



T0G9F]N=#H@


M=#LG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T+VYO


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@=&EM97


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q

M;65S+!S97)I9CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G
M9F]N=#H@





@;F5W(')O
M;6%N)RP@=&EM97

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q


@;F5W(')O;6%N)RP@
M=&EM97

C(W+#DW.3PO

T0G9F]N=#H@




;V-A

5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D
M860U-F5B




]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


M

#$T/&)R/EEA;F)I86X@

M1'1H/DYO=BX@
C0L(#(P
#0\8G(^66%N8FEA;B!(=6%X:6YG(%M-96UB97)=

C`Q
CQB





]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#





]







]
T1T




]









]





]



]
T1R




]





]



]


]



]



]






@97AP96YS
M97


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

]
T1T



]


]

#(T/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^4F5G:7-T97)E9!#87!I=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




]


3$S+#0T
RPP

#`P+#`P



M
T1T;W`^4F5G:7-T97)E9!S:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P


#`L



]


#`P+#`P
M

#`L


]
T1P



]




T1T;W`^06-C


]
T1N=6UP/CDL-#`W+#0Q


]





]





]



5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U
M-F5B







#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R




]





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0G5I;&1I;F=S(&%N9!I;7!R;W9E;65N='



]


T1T;W`^

M96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


:6YE($ET96US


T1T;W`^

:69E/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG








]






M;&5S(%M-96UB97)=('P@36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




]








]





]


]
M






]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


'1087)T7SAC-S$U,3`Q7V,Y,F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T
M-&1A9#4V96(S,`T*0V]N=&5N=U

M-3$P
5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B

M:&5E=#


M='`M97%U:78]

]



T0R/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]



]


]



]



]



]






]


]
T1N=6UP/C

]
M

]
M










M-3$P
5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B

M:&5E=#


M='`M97%U:78]

]



C`Q

]



]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@












]


T1T



T1T;W`^


]



T1T;W`^36%C:&EN97)Y


]




]
M






]
M

M86QI9VX]



M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#



T1T;W`^3V9F:6-E


]



]




M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&
W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D-39E
M8C

O4VAE970T

M;G0]

^#0H@






]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S8L
#@P





]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#
L
M



5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4







]



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^







M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&
W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D-39E
M8C

O4VAE970T
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]


C`Q

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^0TY9


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^






M-#



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\





]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^







C8L
3




]





;V-A

5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D
M860U-F5B



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]


]
T1T97AT


W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X
M7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C
P#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+SAC-S$U
3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S




]

T0S/C$@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

2!-;VYT:'

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S

S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^0VAA


M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

C`Q
3QB


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#


M


#$S/&)R/DII;&EA


]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
38L






]






T1T;W`^06UO


]



]



M;6EN871I;VX@;V8@86=R965M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]



#`L


]
T1T




]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



W
34Q
#%?8SDR
M8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C
P#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAC-S$U
3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S
M






]




M
S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N
M+B`S


T1T

M;W`@8V]S='







]



@1'5R:6YG


M
T1T;W`^5V%G97

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
X
2PX
#





]
T1N=6UP/C4Y


]




]
T1N=6UP/C
P
2PT-S
\


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C0L

]
T1P

]


]
T1R

]
T1T









T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ960@
M8V]S='
@;F5T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W
#`L




]


]




W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D-39E
M8C
P#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAC-S$U
3`Q7V
Y
M
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S






]



C`Q-#QB


S`L(#(P
3

]


M/3-$=&@^075G+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
M


]
T1T97AT



]

]



]

]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L-S`U/'-P



I




]
T1R

]



]





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]
T1R93X-


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]


]
T1T



]





]
T1R;SX-





M;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&
W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C
P


M

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


]




]
T1T97AT






]



]
M









RXP








]





]





;V-A

5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D
M860U-F5B



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S`L(#(P
3



M='



RPT




]



]

]


]


M




^+RH@1&\@


$5(



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S`L(#(P
3


M='

M86QI9VX]



M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&
W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X
M7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C

O4VAE970U
2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M1#$^

]
T1T



]
T1T

M1'1H/D]C=X@,CDL(#(P,3,\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@


S`L(#(P
#(\8G(^0TY9/&)R/CPO

]

]
M




]


]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

RXP

]
T1T





]



M9VX]


]


M

]
T1T




C4L
#4U/'-P


M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C
P#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAC-S$U
3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A
M-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S



]
T1T


3XP($UO



3`L(#(P
M

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M2G5N+B`S

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@

S`L(#(P
30\

C`Q


#(L(#(P
3$\8G(^

]
T1T:#Y-87(N


M9VX]


]



]



]



]





]





T1T
M;W`^06UO=6YT('!A:60@9F]R(&]F9FEC92!A;F0@=V%R96AO=7-E(&9A8VEL
M:71I97

]
T1T97AT



]
M




#`L


]

M9FEC92!A;F0@=V%R96AO=7-E(&9A8VEL:71I97


]




#`L
#`P/'-P



]

'0^1F5B(#(X+`T*0DR


]



]




]


@82!F;&]A=&EN9R!R871E(&%D
M:G5S=&5D('5P=V%R9'


]




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C8N


M86QI9VX]


]





]



]


M;FEN9R!L;V%N(&]F(&]F9FEC92!A;F0@=V%R96AO=7-E(&9A8VEL:71I97
\


]



]
T1T97AT



]






#`L


]


]


]





]





C`Q

]
T1T








]


C`L(#(P
3
\


]



2PP
M
#`L



]







]





]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

3`Q
M7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S







]

T1)1#!%04M!0SX-


T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D

2!-
M;VYT:'


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



]

C`P

]
M

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B`S-BPT-S0L


]


M=&5X=#Y&96(@

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y&96(@,C@L#0H)3(P


M
C`P

]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@





5]C.3)C
M7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$T/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@

M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


S`L(#(P



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


3(L
C`X+#4P




]






M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5)1$%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


]
T1T:#Y*
M=6XN(#

M/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P
3




]


T1T

M1&YU;7`^




]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B
S`-



M(&ED/3-$240P14%&04



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P


]



C


T1T;W`^
M3F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97


]
T1N=6UP/C$L




]


C4R*3QS

]


C

W
34Q
#%?8SDR
M8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C
P#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAC-S$U
3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S
M






]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@




T1T;W`^0VAI;F$\+W1D/@T*




]



]




W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V.61?
#0T
M9&%D-39E8C
P#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SAC-S$U
M
3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S

'0O:'1M;#L@


]


C`Q

]

]
M









M87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#0L-S8Q+#DR

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL

5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B
S`O




]








]


M86QI9VX]




]







M
5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B




M97%U:78]


]





M/3-$
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#






]

]
T1N=6T^*#

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S-XP,4I



]
T1N=6UP/C
N

RXS

]
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@=&%X960@870@;W1H97(@=&AA




]


3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T
M.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S






]

T1)1#!%14E!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT


]


]


]


M97



]






T1T;W`^4&5R

\+W1D


]



3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED
M7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S






]


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN
M(#








]


]

]




T1T;W`^3W1H97(@

]
T1N=6T^*#0R+#0U







T1T;W`^1V%I


]
T1N=6UP/C8Y-2PX


@9G)O;2!D:7-C;VYT:6YU960@


]



M
5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B




M97%U:78]


]





S`L(#(P
30\



M

M;'



3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A
M9#4V96(S


]
M


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@




M+#@X

]

L
M





]

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.&
W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V
M.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C

O4VAE970V-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@
M86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@*$1E=&%I;'
@5&5X='5A;'


M(&-O;'-P86X]

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R
M,#$T/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@
C`Q

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^0TY9/&)R/CPO=&@^

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@



#$T/&)R/E)E


M1'1H/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P



#$T/&)R/E)E9G)I

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S,P@




@
M86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97


]




]





]



]
T1R

]
T1T







M/3-$=&5X=#Y$96
@

]

]





T1T;W`^06YN=6%L(&QE87-E(&9E93PO

]




]




]
T1N=6UP


]
M




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


2PU
M




M9VX]





]



]
T1R;SX-

]
M




]



5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B
M







#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]


]





]

3`N

3`N
#`E/'-P


]
T1T





T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N



]

]





]







W
34Q
#%?8SDR8U\T.#0X7V$V
M.61?
#0T9&%D-39E8C
P#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+SAC-S$U
3`Q7V
Y
F-?-#@T.%]A-CED7S`T-&1A9#4V96(S




]



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P





T1T
M;W`^4F5V96YU97






T1T
M;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C@R+#(T


]

]
T1N=6UP/C@P
BPR





]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C@Y/'-P86X^




]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#DP


]



M9VX]






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5V96YU97,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]





2PQ




\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C@Y+#8Q


]





M



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C0V+#@W


]




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]




]




]








]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5V96YU97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]



T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M




]





]





M;7`^-S4U+#




M;7`^
BPT


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]









T1T


]
T1T

M/3-$=&]P/E)E=F5N=65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]

]


M/B@X


]






]




]




]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
M



]




M-3$P
5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B

M;G

M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P.YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3(N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970R
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C0N

T0B4VAE970R.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S
M,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S,N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
W+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#4N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Y+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B

M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Q+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#8T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V-2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO


5]C.3)C7S0X-#A?838Y9%\P-#1D860U-F5B
&
S`M+0T*
`
end











    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

130

209


        

911

100


        

371

352


Inventory
 net

412

661




        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of products used directly or indirectly in the manufacturing or production process
 which may or may not become part of the final product. May also include items used in the storage
 presentation or transportation of physical goods.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
June 30
226
213
2
46
4
4
233
263
661




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
June 30
1
462
1
456
388
387
30
30
25
25
1
906
1
899
(447
(369
1
458
1
530
390


        
June 30
76
80
2
77
83
041




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 type of asset
 asset classification
 useful life
 useful purpose
 acquisition cost
 method of acquisition or disposal
 depreciation method
 gain (loss) on disposal pretax and net of tax
 date of acquisition or disposal and restrictions on amount of proceeds from donated assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

231

850


        

567
252

376
771


        

567
252)

376
771)


        

231

850




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2014

          



 2014

          



        
        
        


        

410
149

855
286




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 generally attributable to obsolescence or market conditions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
June 30
681
2
495
21
381
1
59
81
301
2
3
4
25
832
(1
075
(700
(1
570
(700
(2
646
6
681
6
681
967




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
June 30
18
18
(15
(13
2
4
780




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        







The Company considers the Chinese Renminbi to be its functional currency.&#160;&#160; Assets and liabilities were translated into US dollars at period-end exchange rates.&#160;&#160;Statement of operations amounts were translated using the average rate during the period.&#160;&#160;Gains and losses resulting from translating foreign currency financial statements are included in accumulated other comprehensive income
 a separate component of stockholders&#8217; deficit.



For purposes of reporting cash flows
 cash equivalents include investment instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less.&#160;&#160;There were no cash equivalents at June 30
 2014 and 2013.



Inventory consists of fresh and dried Ginseng
 ginseng drinks and supplies and is stated at the lower of cost or market value.&#160;&#160;Cost is determined using the First-In
 First-Out (FIFO) Method.



The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. For the year ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 advertising expenses were $0 and $1
035
 respectively.



The Company uses the full absorption costing method to value its Ginseng crops.&#160;&#160;Included in crop costs are seeds
 labor
 applicable overhead including depreciation
 and supplies. Common costs are allocated in each period based upon the total number of hectors under cultivation during the period.

The carrying value of the Ginseng crops is reviewed on a regular basis for any impairment in value using management&#8217;s best estimate as to expected future market values
 yields and costs to harvest.&#160;&#160;Costs accumulated on the acres expected to be harvested during the next fiscal year have been classified as a current asset.



The Company processes Ginseng and stores the stock for its Ginseng juice production.&#160;&#160;Any grown Ginseng not suitable for the beverage production is sold.&#160;&#160;The Company is also purchasing Ginseng for its resale business. Ginseng is planted in the Spring (March) and Fall (September) of each year and is generally harvested in September. It usually takes 6 years for a Ginseng root to mature
 although
 senior maturity can be 8 years.

Harvested Ginseng can be sold in two ways: (1) fresh Ginseng which can be sold immediately and stored in refrigerators for up to 3 years and (2) dried Ginseng which is
 processed and dried via sunlight and steam machines. Drying is a two month process.&#160;&#160;Dried Ginseng can be stored up to 5 years. The Company has also been storing fresh Ginseng for future juice manufacturing.

When the Company sells Ginseng
 it receives orders prior to harvest.&#160;&#160;For large orders
 approximately 20% to 30% is paid upon delivery as payment in advance.&#160;&#160;The balance is billed after the customer incurs a lengthy inspection process which can take up to 60 days.&#160;&#160;Until the customer finalizes its inspection and deems the shipment acceptable
 the shipment is still the property of the Company.&#160;&#160;Upon customer completion of inspection and approval
 the sale is then recognized and the balance of the invoice price is wired to the Company. For smaller orders
 customers pick up the Ginseng from the Company
 pay in cash at time of pick up and receive an invoice with appropriate sales tax applied and a cash acknowledgement. On these orders
 revenue is recognized upon shipment/payment. During the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 no orders were subject to the inspection process.

The Company has entered into several distribution agreements to sell Ginseng juice and wine.&#160;&#160;In accordance with these agreements
 the distributors will advance funds to the Company for orders to be placed.&#160;&#160;Upon the placement of orders by the distributor
 the Company will ship the product to the distributor and title will pass to the distributor.&#160;&#160;In relation to distribution agreements for Ginseng beverages
 it is the Company&#8217;s policy
 commencing with the initiation of the distribution agreements
 to allow the distributors to return all unsold products at the end of six months from the shipment date should the product not be sold and the product has not exceeded the expiration date.&#160;&#160;The Company is establishing history as to the quantity of the Ginseng which has been returned in order to determine if a reserve for returns and allowances is necessary.&#160;&#160;To date
 returns have been minimal.



For each reporting period
 the Company&#160;ascertains from each distributor its&#8217; current on hand quantity and assesses the situation in order to establish a return allowance
 if necessary.&#160;&#160;At June 30
 2014
 no inventory was held on consignment. At June 30
 2014 and 2013
 no amounts were sold on consignment.



The allowance for doubtful accounts represents management&#8217;s estimate of the amount of probable credit losses
 determined by reviewing past due balances and other information.&#160;&#160;Account balances are written off against the allowance if management determines the receivable is uncollectible.&#160;&#160;The Company&#8217;s standard terms stipulate payment in 60 days.&#160;&#160;The Company considers a receivable to be uncollectible after one year.&#160;&#160;



Property and equipment is recorded at cost and is depreciated using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets
 as follows:
























Routine maintenance
 repairs and replacement costs are expensed as incurred and improvements that extend the useful life of the assets are capitalized.&#160;&#160;When equipment is sold or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in operations.







The Company follows ASC 220-10





The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments.



The Company accounts for income taxes utilizing the liability method of accounting.&#160;&#160;Under the liability method
 deferred taxes are determined based on differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted tax rates in effect in years in which differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts that are expected to be ultimately realized.



&#160;(&#8220;ASC 740-10&#8221;).&#160;&#160;This interpretation requires recognition and measurement of uncertain income tax positions using a &#8220;more-likely-than-not&#8221; approach.&#160;&#160;Management evaluates their
 tax positions on an annual basis
 and has determined that as of June 30
 2014 and 2013
 no additional accrual for income taxes other than the foreign
 federal and state provisions and related interest and estimated penalty accruals are considered necessary.



Long-lived assets
 primarily property and equipment
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset
 a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used
 or a significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets is not recoverable.&#160;&#160;For long-lived assets to be held and used
 the Company recognizes an impairment loss only if its carrying amount is not recoverable through its undiscounted cash flows and measures the impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and estimated fair value.



&#160;defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles
 and expands disclosure about fair value measurements.&#160;&#160;ASC issued 825-10





In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
).&#8221; The new guidance provides new criteria for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance requires expanded disclosures to provide greater insight into both revenue that has been recognized and revenue that is expected to be recognized in the future from existing contracts. Quantitative and qualitative information will be provided about the significant judgments and changes in those judgments that management made to determine the revenue that is recorded. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December&#160;15
 2016. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.

In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
&#8221; The new guidance addresses management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Management&#8217;s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December&#160;15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



































567





376








567





376



















        
June 30
7
361
3
730
2
907
1
776
10
269
5
507
084


        
June 30
(3
630
(2
982
(1
130
(663
(4
761
(3
646
004


        
June 30



        
June 30
State income taxes
 net of federal benefit




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as tax authority
 amounts
 and expiration dates
 of net operating loss carryforwards
 including an assessment of the likelihood of utilization.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

080

452


        
        

589


        

077

041




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the depreciation expense recognized when the asset is reclassified. This represents the difference between the carrying value at the time the decision to reclassify is made and the carrying amount that the asset would have had if it had never been classified as held for sale (including consideration of depreciation expense).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      






 2013

          



 2013

          







        
        
        
        
        


        
        

929
461

474
054
        


        

				 2012

				 2014

				 2014

				04
				 2003


        
        

606

300
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

782

454


        

077
506

448
466


        

412

661


        

900

355


        

745

546


        

421
345

116
482


PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
 net of accumulated depreciation of $447
749 and $369
254 at June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively

458
558

530
390


        
        
        


        

929
461
        


        

721

967


Intangible assets-patents
 net of accumulated amortization of $15
286 and $13
404 at June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively

975

780


        
        

762


        

231

850


        

820
291

367
231


        
        
        


        

300
221

540


        

928
042
        


        

984
219

600


        

389
124

279
982


        

768
153

687
529


        

372

925


        

505

988


        

671

678


        

038
307

340
242


        
        
        


Note payable-building purchase
 net of current amount
        

231


        

964

300


        

487

347


        

422
758

528
120


        
        
        


        
        
        


Common Stock
 $0.001 par value
 50
000
000 shares authorized; 44
397
297 shares issued and outstanding at June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively

398

398


        

606
599

498
051


        

169
335)

407
413)


        

871

075


        

602
467)

160
889)


        

820
291

367
231




        
          

        
          
            

 valued using full absorption costing method Including costs for seeds
 labor
 applicable overhead including depreciation
 and supplies.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including liabilities for compensation costs
 fringe benefits other than pension and postretirement obligations
 rent
 contractual rights and obligations
 and statutory obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including foreign and domestic
 interest and noninterest bearing; may include demand deposits
 saving deposits
 Negotiable Order of Withdrawal (NOW) and time deposits among others.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expected to be disposed of beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.1(f
g))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 and which are not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


 2011

          



 2010



          



 2010



          



 2014



          



 2011


 Ltd. [Member]

          



 2011


 Ltd. [Member]

          



 2013


 Ltd. [Member]

          



 2013


 Ltd. [Member]

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

868

000
        

253

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

264

000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

253

000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

905
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from the firm's direct investment activity
 conducted separately from customer trading activities
 and includes
 but is not limited to
 investments in private equity
 alternative investment products
 real estate
 and exchanges and memberships.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.13(g)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.2
3)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          



Beginning Balance at Jun. 30
 2012

526
507

398

370
043

761
409)

475


Beginning Balance
Shares at Jun. 30
 2012
        

397
297
        
        
        


        

008
        

008
        
        


        

646
004)
        
        

646
004)
        


        

400)
        
        
        

400)


Ending Balance at Jun. 30
 2013

160
889)

398

498
051

407
413)

075


Ending Balance
Shares at Jun. 30
 2013
        

397
297
        
        
        


        

548
        

548
        
        


        

761
922)
        
        

761
922)
        


        

796
        
        
        

796


Ending Balance at Jun. 30
 2014

602
467)

398

606
599

169
335)

871


Ending Balance
Shares at Jun. 30
 2014
        

397
297
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Year ended June 30
 2014:



























610









610








130





630









761













803









820


















































































































































Year ended June 30
 2013:




























563









563













180










646













277









367




































































































































227









227









        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      


 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

910

812


        
        
        
        
        
        

				 2014

				 2014
        

				 2014

				 2014


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

600

500

500
        
        


        
        
        
        

730

705
        
        
        
        
        


        

337
        

364
        
        
        
        
        

673

727


        
        
        
        
        

500
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

584

436
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On June 30
 2013
 the Company discontinued its' grape production operations.&#160;&#160;The Company sold the assets and liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan
 and closed Tonghua Linyuan.&#160;&#160;The following summarizes the operations of Tonghua Linyuan with the years ended June 30
June 30
(1
455
(1
455
(42
(1
498
695
(802
The Company has retained $510
487 in contingent liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 manner and timing of disposal
 the gain (loss) recognized in the income statement and the income statement caption that includes that gain (loss)
 amounts of revenues and pretax profit or loss reported in discontinued operations
 the segment in which the disposal group was reported
 and the classification (whether sold or classified as held for sale) and carrying value of the assets and liabilities comprising the disposal group. Includes all disposal groups
 including those classified as components of the entity (discontinued operations).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Nature of Business
 Presentation and Going Concern (Details)

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014





          



 2005

          



 2004

          



 2014



          



 2012



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2013



          



Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements (Textual)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

730
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

 2004.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

658
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

443
000

000
000

000
000


        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000
        


Registered stock
 par value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

169
335

407
413
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

616
962
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the maximum potential amount of future payments the indemnification agreement could be required to make under the agreement
 the current carrying amount of the liability and the nature of any recourse provision that would enable the lessee guarantor) to recover from third parties any of the amounts paid under the agreement and any assets held either as collateral or by third parties that upon occurrence of any triggering event or condition under the indemnification agreement the guarantor can obtain and liquidate to recover all or a portion of the amounts paid under the indemnification agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In the year ended June 30
 2014
In the year ended June 30
 2013
 two customers accounted for 28% of revenues and another customer accounted for 12% of revenues.&#160;&#160;No other customer accounted for more than 10% of revenues.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

Nature of Business
 Presentation and Going Concern

        

      






Nature of Business
 Presentation and Going Concern [Abstract]
        


NATURE OF BUSINESS
 PRESENTATION AND GOING CONCERN
NOTE A &#8211; NATURE OF BUSINESS
 PRESENTATION AND GOING CONCERN



China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 was incorporated under the laws of Nevada on June 24
 2004.

On November 24
 2004
 the Company acquired 55% of Yanbian Huaxing Ginseng Industry Co. Limited (&#8220;Yanbian Huaxing&#8221;)
 which is located in China and
 is in the business of farming
 processing
 distribution
 and marketing of Asian Ginseng.&#160;&#160;The company utilizes the Ginseng harvest to produce a Ginseng beverage and buys Ginseng for the resale market.&#160;&#160;On November 24
 2005
 the Company acquired the remaining 45% of Yanbian Huaxing.

Yanbian Huaxing controls
 through 20 year leases granted by the Chinese Government
 approximately 1
500 hectors (3
705 acres) of land used to grow ginseng.&#160;&#160;The Company had no operations prior to November 24
 2004. These leases expire through 2024. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forestry Bureau governing one of the farms approximating 700 hectors (1
730 acres) of land leased by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.

On August 24
 2005
 the Company acquired Jilin Ganzhi Ginseng Produce Co. Limited
 whose principal business is the manufacture of Ginseng drinks.

On October 19
 2005
 the Company incorporated a new company
 Jilin Huamei Beverage Co. Limited (&#8220;Jilin Huamei&#8221;).

On March 31
 2008 the Company acquired Tonghua Linyuan Grape Planting Co. Limited (&#8220;Tonghua Linyuan&#8221;) whose principal activity was the growing
 cultivation and harvesting of a grape vineyard. The Company plans to produce wine and grape juice but to date has not commenced production. As of June 30
 2012
 Tonghua Linyuan leased 750 acres of land on which the grapes were planted.&#160;&#160;In June 2012
 the Company decided to abandon the growing and harvesting of grapes due to the poor quality of recent harvests which were not suitable for the production of wine or grape juice. Accordingly
 the Company has abandoned the vineyard and recorded a charge to operations of $872
658. The Company has also decided not to renew its leases with the Chinese Government.&#160;&#160;The Company will now purchase grapes in the open market to produce wine and grape juice.&#160;&#160;On June 30
 2013
 the Company sold the assets and liabilities of Tonghua Linyuan to a third party. See Note P.

On March 2
 2012
 the Company approved the incorporation of a new subsidiary
 Hong Kong Huaxia International Industrial Co.
 Limited (&#8220;Hong Kong Huaxia&#8221;) in Hong Kong in order to sell health and specialized local products.&#160;&#160;Hong Kong Huaxia was incorporated in Hong Kong on March 18
 2012 and began operations in April 2012.&#160;&#160;Hong Kong Huaxia has registered 880
000
000 shares of 1 HKD par value stock in Hong Kong.&#160;&#160;None of the $113
443
000 (880
000
000 HKD) registered capital of Hong Kong Huaxia has been funded.

On September 27
 2013
 the Company established a new wholly owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Huaxia
 Jilin Huaxia Ginseng Co.
 Ltd&#160;(&#8220;Jilin Huaxia&#8221;) in order to open online store through Taobao Marketplace
 the biggest online Business to Consumer and Consumer to Consumer platform in Asia
 a subsidiary company of Alibaba Group
&#160;&#160;&#160;Hong Kong Huaxia registered capital of $6
000
000 in Jilin Huaxia.





The financial statements include the accounts and activities of China Ginseng Holdings
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Yanbian Huaxing Ginseng Co. Limited
 Jilin Huamei Beverage Co. Limited
 Jilin Ganzhi Ginseng Products Co. Limited
 Tonghua Linyuan Grape Planting Co. Limited and Hong Kong Huaxia International Industrial
 Co. Limited.&#160;&#160;All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.



As indicated in the accompanying financial statements
 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $14
169
335 at June 30
 2014
 a working capital deficit of $11
616
962 at June 30
 2014 and there are existing uncertain conditions the Company foresees relating to its ability to obtain working capital and operate successfully. Management&#8217;s plans include the raising of capital through the equity markets to fund future operations and the generating of revenue through its businesses. Failure to raise adequate capital and generate adequate sales revenues could result in the Company having to curtail or cease operations.

Additionally
 even if the Company does raise sufficient capital to support its operating expenses and
 generate adequate revenues
 there can be no assurances that the revenues will be sufficient to enable it to develop business to a level where it will generate profits and cash flows from operations.&#160;&#160;These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.&#160;&#160;However
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.&#160;&#160;These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

749

254


Intangible assets-patents
 net of accumulated amortization

286

404


Common Stock
 par value
        
        


Common Stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common Stock
 shares issued

397
297

397
297


Common Stock
 shares outstanding

397
297

397
297




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

On March 2
 2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with Meihekou Hang Yilk Tax Warehousing Logistics
 an auctioneer
 to purchase office and warehouse facilities. The purchase price was $1
462
749 (RMB 9
000
000). On June 24
 2011
 the Company made payment of $81
264 (RMB 500
000) leaving a balance of $1
381
485 (RMB 8
500
000). On September 10
 2011
 the Company paid 8
000
000 RMB through the proceeds of a loan with Merkekou City Rural Credit Union. The loan was due on August 12
 2012. The interest rate is a floating rate adjusted upwards by 90%. At June 30
 2012
 the Central Bank Rate was 6.31%. Applying the adjustment factor yields a rate of 11.989%. The loan is secured by the building. The remaining 500
000 RMB was paid as follows: (a) 100
000 RMB in December 2010 and (b) 400
000 RMB in June 2011. On August 30
 2012
 the loan was renegotiated extending the maturity date to August 29
 2014 and requires principal payments of 1
000
000 RMB (USD 162
528) in September 2012; 1
000
000 RMB (USD 162
528) on August 29
 2013; 1
000
000 RMB (USD 162
528) on December 20
 2013 and 5
000
000 RMB (USD 812
637) on August 29
 2014.&#160;&#160;None of these payments were not made by the Company and the note is thus in default.




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

				 2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

985


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

397
297
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

On October 29
 2013
 the Company borrowed $5
929
461 (RMB 36
474
054) in order to fund the acquisition of machinery and equipment by the Company.&#160;&#160;The loan term was to February 28
 2014
 and the Company was to pay $211
606 (RMB 1
300
000) in interest over the life of the loan.&#160;&#160; The loan is secured by the assets of Jilin Huaxia. &#160;On March 3
 2014
 the loan term was extended to June 30
 2014 in order to allow for the Company to receive the proceeds from the deposit made to purchase equipment. The loan has not been repaid and is in default. See Note D for corresponding deposit for equipment purchase.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

610
024

563
165


        
        
        


        

089
423

671
572


Selling
 general and administrative expenses

839
780

330
146


        

537
697

946


        

909

240


        

905
        


        
        

227
979


        

569
714

154
883


        
        
        


        

232

790


        

232

790


        

761
922)

843
508)


        
        
        


        

761
922)

843
508)


        
        
        


        
        

818


        
        

498
314)


        
        

496)


        

761
922)

646
004)


        
        
        


        

796

400)


        

550
126)

815
404)


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

397
297

397
297




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax expense or benefit and not previously recognized
 resulting from the sale of a business component.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation
 when the per share amount is the same.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before extraordinary items
 which is apportioned to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This item includes the following (net of tax): income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4
6)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In December 2010
 the Company invested $24
868 (RMB 153
000) in Changchun Zhongshen Beverage Co. Ltd. (&#8220;Zhongshen&#8221;). This investment represented a 17% interest in Zhonghsen. Zhongshen is a retailer of ginseng juice and wine. The Company accounts for this investment utilizing the cost method. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Company determined this investment was impaired as Zhonghsen ceased operations. As such
 the Company recorded an impairment loss of $24
905 for the year ended June 30
In September 2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with three other companies to establish a new entity
 Jilin Province Jiliang Beverage Investment Management Co.
 Ltd (&#8220;Jilin Jiliang&#8221;). The purpose of Jilin Jiliang is to provide investment and project consultation. Under the agreement
 the Company was required to invest a total of $81
264 (RMB 500
000) for a 10% interest in Jilin Jiliang by September 25
 2012.&#160;&#160;In September 2011
 the Company invested $16
253 (RMB 100
000) in Jilin Jiliang. During the year ended June 30
 2013
 Jilin Jiliang returned the $16
253 (RMB 100
000) investment to the Company




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including all tables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
June 30
226
213
2
46
4
4
233
263
At June 30
In March of 2013
 the Company determined that the grape juice inventory held at Tonghua is no longer saleable.&#160;&#160;As such
 the Company&#160;wrote off inventory with a value of 8
855
286 RMB (US$ 1
410
149) at June 30
 2013.&#160;&#160;Such amount is included within Discontinued Operations on the Statement of Operations.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





June 30







































The Company has one year leases for its corporate offices in China aggregating 200
727 RMB per year (USD $32
673) expiring on December 31
 2014. The commitments for these leases at June 30
 2014 was 100
364 RMB (USD $16
337).&#160;

The Chinese government owns all the land in China. Currently
 the Company has grants from the Chinese government for approximately 1
500 hectors of land (3
705 acres) to grow Ginseng. These grants are for 20 years. There is no assurance that the Chinese government will continue to renew these grants in the future. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forestry Bureau governing one of the farms approximating 700 hectors (1
730 acres) of land leased by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer recognized. As a result
 the Company is prevented from developing and planting ginseng in undeveloped areas of the farm.

The Company had a 15 year lease with the Representative of Group One Farmer
 Si&#8217;An City
 Qingshi
 Qingshi Town
 Qingshi Village
 China to lease 750 acres to grow and harvest grapes.&#160;&#160;The lease expired December 31
 2014. The annual lease fee is 187
500 RMB or approximately $29
600 per year to lease the acreage.&#160;&#160;The land and buildings on the premises have a separate lease concurrent with the property lease. The Company sold this lease as part of the sale of the assets of Tonghua Linyuan.

In 2008
 the Company entered into a 5 year lease to refrigerate and store fresh Ginseng. The annual lease fee approximates $15
500 per year.

Rent expense was $32
584 and $35
436 for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

The Company has loans with various individuals and finance companies totaling $1
984
219 (RMB 12
208
500) at June 30
 2014 and $52
600 (RMB 325
000) at June 30
 2013.&#160;&#160;These loans have various maturity dates ranging from on demand to June 30
 2014. The loans bear interest at 3% per month.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
June 30
18
18
(15
(13
2
4
Amortization expense was $1
829 and $1
789 for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of federal tax expense (benefit).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company&#8217;s business
 prior to June 30
 2009
Currently
 the Company has land grants from the Chinese government for approximately 1
500 hectors of land (approximately 3
705 acres) to grow Ginseng which were awarded in April and May 2005. These grants are for 20 years and the management of the Company believes that the grants will be renewed as the grants expire in different areas.&#160;&#160;However
 there are no assurances that the Chinese government will continue to renew these grants in the future. The planting of new Ginseng is dependent upon the Company&#8217;s cash flow and its ability to raise working capital. During the year ended June 30
 2014
 the Forestry Bureau governing one of the farms approximating 700 hectors (1
730 acres) of land leased by Yanbian Huaxing notified the Company that this lease in no longer recognized. As a result
The Company has planted approximately 287
984 square meters of land. The Company plans to plant
 over the next 5 years
 100
000 square meters
 representing approximately 20
000 square meters per year. The Company plans on harvesting the existing 2
In August 2012
 a typhoon struck the Mudanjiang Ginseng farm destroying approximately 111
839 square meters of planted ginseng having an approximate value of RMB 6
754
675 (US$ 1
075
640)
June 30
681
2
495
21
381
1
59
81
301
2
3
4
25
832
(1
075
(700


570
(700
(2
646
6
681
6
681
The cost of harvest is calculated by reference to the planting area and the detailed costs maintained for each planting area.&#160;&#160;Based upon the square meters planted by area
 a square meter cost is calculated and applied to the square meters harvested
For each financial reporting period
 the Ginseng crop harvested is valued at net realizable value.&#160;&#160;If the net realizable value is lower than carrying value
 an impairment charge is made for the difference.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


The Company has executed agreements with a number of local farmers to grow
 cultivate and harvest Ginseng utilizing the Company&#8217;s land grants.&#160;&#160;The farming contracts commenced in January 2008 and ended in 2013.&#160;&#160;In connection with these agreements
 the Company (1) leases sections of the Ginseng land grants to the farmers at approximately $1.50 (10 RMB) per square meter per year
 (2) provides the seeds and fertilizer to the farmers and clears the land of large debris.&#160;&#160;These costs are capitalized by the Company and included in the Ginseng Crop inventory
 (3) pays the farmers a management fee of approximately $0.50 (4.00 RMB) per square meter per year and (4) the farmers are required to produce 2kg of Ginseng for each square meter that they manage.&#160;&#160;The Company pays the farmers market price for their Ginseng.&#160;&#160;If the harvest is below 2kg per square meter
 the difference will be deducted from the total payment for Ginseng purchased.&#160;&#160;If the harvest produces more that 2kg per square meter
 the Company pays approximately $3.00 for every extra kilo. The Company records these agreements on a net basis by individual farmers.&#160;&#160; The Company has also recorded a payable to the farmers for the net management fee due to the farmers.&#160;&#160;The liability at June 30
 2014 and 2013 was $873
964 and $870
300
 respectively.&#160;&#160;The receivable and liability balances for the respective areas will be settled at harvest time when the Company purchases the harvest at the current market value for Ginseng.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In 2002
 the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
 Tonghua Linyuan
 borrowed 2
000
000 RMB from Ji&#8217;an Qingshi Credit Corporation at an interest rate of 6.325% per annum with a maturity date of April 4
 2003. The loan is currently in default. In March 2008
 the lender verbally agreed that no principal or interest need be paid until the company is generating profits. Interest has been paid on the loan through June 30
 2009 and has been accrued in subsequent periods. The loan is secured by the company&#8217;s inventory and equipment. The loan balance at
 June 30
 2014 and 2013 is $325
055 and $323
693
 respectively.&#160;&#160;The loan balance is included in Liabilities of Discontinued Operations on the accompanying Balance Sheet.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        

882


        

315


        

509


        

706




        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 long-term debt
 capital lease obligations
 operating lease obligations
 purchase obligations
 and other commitments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Concentration risk
 percentage
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Discontinued Operations (Details Textuals) (Tonghua Linyuan [Member]
 USD $)








          

        


        
        


        

487




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 product or environmental liabilities or litigation
 that remain with the entity despite the disposal of the disposal group that is classified as a component of the entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
June 30
53
43
20
117
706




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      










 2014

          



 2002

          



 2013

          



        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

				 2012

				 2014
        

				04
				 2003
        


Debt instrument
 interest payment terms
        
        

 2009 and has been accrued in subsequent periods.
        
        


        
        
        

055
        

693




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whether periodic payments include principal and frequency of payments) and discussion about any contingencies associated with the payment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 unchanging rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        








































567





376








567





376




















 the Company are not entitled to a deduction for the provision until the inventory is completely discarded. Accordingly
 the liability has been recorded offset by a deferred tax asset representing a timing difference.

























361





730








907





776








269





507





The operating losses are available to offset future taxable income. The China net operating loss carryforwards can only be carried forward for five years and will commence expiring in the year 2013.&#160;&#160;The Company does not file a consolidated tax return in China. Therefore
 the profitability of the individual Chinese companies will determine the utilization of the carryforward losses. The U.S. carryforward losses are available to offset future taxable income for the succeeding 20 years and commence expiring in the year 2027.































630





982








130













761





646


































































A reconciliation of the Company&#8217;s effective tax rate as a percentage of income before taxes and Federal statutory rate for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 is as follows:
















































































        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
The Company considers the Chinese Renminbi to be its functional currency.&#160;&#160; Assets and liabilities were translated into US dollars at period-end exchange rates.&#160;&#160;Statement of operations amounts were translated using the average rate during the period.&#160;&#160;Gains and losses resulting from translating foreign currency financial statements are included in accumulated other comprehensive income
 a separate component of stockholders&#8217; deficit.


        
For purposes of reporting cash flows
 cash equivalents include investment instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less.&#160;&#160;There were no cash equivalents at June 30
 2014 and 2013.


        
Inventory consists of fresh and dried Ginseng
 ginseng drinks and supplies and is stated at the lower of cost or market value.&#160;&#160;Cost is determined using the First-In
 First-Out (FIFO) Method.


        
The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. For the year ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
 advertising expenses were $0 and $1
035
 respectively.


        
The Company uses the full absorption costing method to value its Ginseng crops.&#160;&#160;Included in crop costs are seeds
 labor
 applicable overhead including depreciation
The carrying value of the Ginseng crops is reviewed on a regular basis for any impairment in value using management&#8217;s best estimate as to expected future market values
 yields and costs to harvest.&#160;&#160;Costs accumulated on the acres expected to be harvested during the next fiscal year have been classified as a current asset.


        
The Company processes Ginseng and stores the stock for its Ginseng juice production.&#160;&#160;Any grown Ginseng not suitable for the beverage production is sold.&#160;&#160;The Company is also purchasing Ginseng for its resale business. Ginseng is planted in the Spring (March) and Fall (September) of each year and is generally harvested in September. It usually takes 6 years for a Ginseng root to mature
 although
When the Company sells Ginseng
 it receives orders prior to harvest.&#160;&#160;For large orders
 approximately 20% to 30% is paid upon delivery as payment in advance.&#160;&#160;The balance is billed after the customer incurs a lengthy inspection process which can take up to 60 days.&#160;&#160;Until the customer finalizes its inspection and deems the shipment acceptable
 the shipment is still the property of the Company.&#160;&#160;Upon customer completion of inspection and approval
 the sale is then recognized and the balance of the invoice price is wired to the Company. For smaller orders
 customers pick up the Ginseng from the Company
 pay in cash at time of pick up and receive an invoice with appropriate sales tax applied and a cash acknowledgement. On these orders
 revenue is recognized upon shipment/payment. During the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
The Company has entered into several distribution agreements to sell Ginseng juice and wine.&#160;&#160;In accordance with these agreements
 the distributors will advance funds to the Company for orders to be placed.&#160;&#160;Upon the placement of orders by the distributor
 the Company will ship the product to the distributor and title will pass to the distributor.&#160;&#160;In relation to distribution agreements for Ginseng beverages
 it is the Company&#8217;s policy
 commencing with the initiation of the distribution agreements
 to allow the distributors to return all unsold products at the end of six months from the shipment date should the product not be sold and the product has not exceeded the expiration date.&#160;&#160;The Company is establishing history as to the quantity of the Ginseng which has been returned in order to determine if a reserve for returns and allowances is necessary.&#160;&#160;To date
For each reporting period
 the Company&#160;ascertains from each distributor its&#8217; current on hand quantity and assesses the situation in order to establish a return allowance
 if necessary.&#160;&#160;At June 30
 2014
 no inventory was held on consignment. At June 30
 2014 and 2013
 no amounts were sold on consignment.


        
The allowance for doubtful accounts represents management&#8217;s estimate of the amount of probable credit losses
 determined by reviewing past due balances and other information.&#160;&#160;Account balances are written off against the allowance if management determines the receivable is uncollectible.&#160;&#160;The Company&#8217;s standard terms stipulate payment in 60 days.&#160;&#160;The Company considers a receivable to be uncollectible after one year.


        
Property and equipment is recorded at cost and is depreciated using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets
Routine maintenance
 repairs and replacement costs are expensed as incurred and improvements that extend the useful life of the assets are capitalized.&#160;&#160;When equipment is sold or otherwise disposed of
 the cost and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in operations.


        
        


        
The Company follows ASC 220-10




        
The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments.


        
The Company accounts for income taxes utilizing the liability method of accounting.&#160;&#160;Under the liability method
 deferred taxes are determined based on differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted tax rates in effect in years in which differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts that are expected to be ultimately realized.


        
        

&#160;(&#8220;ASC 740-10&#8221;).&#160;&#160;This interpretation requires recognition and measurement of uncertain income tax positions using a &#8220;more-likely-than-not&#8221; approach.&#160;&#160;Management evaluates their tax positions on an annual basis
 and has determined that as of June 30
 2014 and 2013
 no additional accrual for income taxes other than the foreign
 federal and state provisions and related interest and estimated penalty accruals are considered necessary.


        
Long-lived assets
 primarily property and equipment
 are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset
 a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used
 or a significant adverse change that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets is not recoverable.&#160;&#160;For long-lived assets to be held and used
 the Company recognizes an impairment loss only if its carrying amount is not recoverable through its undiscounted cash flows and measures the impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and estimated fair value.


        
&#160;defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles
 and expands disclosure about fair value measurements.&#160;&#160;ASC issued 825-10




        
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
).&#8221; The new guidance provides new criteria for recognizing revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new guidance requires expanded disclosures to provide greater insight into both revenue that has been recognized and revenue that is expected to be recognized in the future from existing contracts. Quantitative and qualitative information will be provided about the significant judgments and changes in those judgments that management made to determine the revenue that is recorded. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December&#160;15
In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
&#8221; The new guidance addresses management&#8217;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Management&#8217;s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial statements are issued. The standard will be effective for the first interim period within annual reporting periods beginning after December&#160;15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the provisions of the guidance and has not determined the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 uncertain tax positions) and other types of contingencies related to income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

286)

404)



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

261

184


        

286)

404)


Intangible asset
 net

975

780




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

077

041




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

761
922)

646
004)


        
        

496)


        
        
        


        

644

241


        
        

589


        
        

227
979


        

905
        


        

537
697

946


        

548

008


        
        
        


        

426)

929
103)


        

249

112


        

801

930)


        

914)

707


        
        

332


        

246

646


        

619

218


        

624

823


        

483)

465)


        

007)

536


        
        

449


        

447

297


        

275
429)

123)


        
        

601


        

275
429)

478


        
        
        


        

929
461)
        


        
        

186


        
        

689)


        

929
461)

497


        
        
        


        

859
661
        


        

511

545


        

001
172

545


        

046

153)


        

328

633)


        

454

087


        

782

454


        
        
        


        

635
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment directly related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax before extraordinary items allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including income
 property and other taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not otherwise specified in the taxonomy
 charged against earnings in the period to allocate the cost of tangible and intangible assets over their remaining economic lives.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 security
 other) during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 include
 but are not limited to
 affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 and pension trusts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001213900-14-007307-xbrl.zip



_^OS[=?LF*]XQWN/P[J???0#H$VJ$L

WLW7_^WU^]FG/MDA_@PNDWQ`?@?F[Y(GI[X3CZ$7];YB*$\(
M__8GBD:DQK
!BOR@]VU:)TCJ!.13O\.!!\.!_?KWWK43^8\PZ`'M[[T

MG$@DZ0K645K$1=Z/7!'RN7=^




*JH*JD'_R1G



MT&


_
8M?.HE
MWN9HVH*J?=+A)/`G
)/#P:^P^$`]X+TD/Z?_N


M%8FN





M.%G6:]'S5NEUD7U6'S0PB

SSCN-7Q


M

2=-%*&5124O/
MVZLDA2Q.-:&DW

M7:J


M8P-ZG/L!1$-OK]A1)%-'CBIR
!Y/HL--Y.U.NG@V!)3Z$OKLB.P(`+OTGBI
M[03NQFX\9P_



`*]&+[`@]


M=_5+FWC07?WR9DS=;95]







M/G795^6RJZ[T5L1=G[E)()#SY.]);)F&E;=PB

M)$



MRP?

M]#I:)7[;4C7LL^AJ-X*QQL&E*ABR:IAR.8QC)\D_'-Y!Z)G^]&%5S:MAL1



M)S8:G+U

M$=S336#I.+A=C88C9D:]ZH8

MT8'(:E2-2


@@M*UEY'5L#Z*-.'(K2G*=@QT=#2JAL#LT'2A$KX


MED5/5=7`UZ18S$[%M(L,HN5K2F(;PM`-PU-MI:7-\JIQ065=V&;@)-J0D6

M'BA95Q%D3=+6!ID-J&_A

^YXCCJ&G@0;U4VJ6N0-BP;*SS+89BZ2H/V7*'@*K/`5L



M7G(!PE(*1A&6Z%NJ9*B`FB58C:L!*5BWKP`5Z):B:)N*L49:PR]^2!9LKY_P
MH%1(&Y&P9?+3(74@-BT=H\4LH)GTH)1!NJ1EC7QW`(


:K+160H^-8B@M;
M+S*#XUB
M1J1E7F+MB[)JMYTQ-'`_1G;=AP-7P]1:XS84@$Y.H[EH5CK96;P


MDS


MRYDD7-UE&9-8X0M2?`G\.]N%X70+*#GY7'HD-I_HJVRF?]TAC:8K0*?G!@I@
L&T.B3+@L(V,QMCK)M%1960O<'71=DNH#



M)
N*O#5LO

M/YGQS*S3O/;[LJDJFF32S&A

M#)!%P&#O:-H.?+
^I4'@?-

M)KAVOE




.LP7K
.F@022#&!ELM#4P&''VKFB$G3L.AZ;=2KYTQG3[9
M(7*P24^1&V./4YYMA
T2Q;E&9R=]$XJG:FI@5F4X'6-624X`)P%+YQ]6F.



M;786K9HS3N2B9OCLP;_C!I
%%$_QEH
0`+$I'[`UQ*Q+/EM&WTC+;8
X#'=:


M2


&:=\J45%GG*07)






MZLV
QZAH

=P'W
M

[`-W95%


!VO.XK:[6?




MZ
^SL5

Z5?L







U]3G*BH






M)?

SX:#JA*#C4(9K#L5...


M5H4%.LJUR@QR
ZVJR11X&UL*KF%KW
!T$\`PLO_1TO*[*3)[8+W`#G6._G=@
MZ05PW4LY`S&1+=F@-^SWV50DI=*&/=OM'?2'P!Z!R3Y'5I@A&ZX






MDA!N.@JSR(JB
'MTGKZ)-(064O'U03,G)O4\O\&LP&L#)[_9RIK`^3







8`&



M'?Y``461%-`'$P%STB(#



/#NR$
M=B1`T(XQU))&
1:94!1CD8(V(\;.15&Z:/I!E\X.]A283M)

!9!F;7
M`NV?1HQUL;K`U8B

+R%6
Y@8Y5']1_@#S%
B89%P
K@Q'F[=


N.9-IN9-Z$7+JE38:(EK


=XSTX(#-QF]@)=J4A=M?E`2_+RCVB&5=`H*8V\DP+TV03O



0PQSA].DPG/(




3ENYPDKY'7$'DTU1F%$76\\MU;P;5$H71)W5;YU
M%=[^QG;NQ)J?/NE@HIY]]IS82D!FCC!1&--2*SC'A`J.T-WKYFF;.CMJP0(P
MB)P2BZ7-Q+;WIIM+A)2]FN&W0`^X%CQ'\]10%5J-I7/M)-Q


Z;O?BDM63#/Z68U0-W8:HIEFP*2+6&;Z11

=YZ3H^`VB?8`5X[TRL
M^QP%U2
*JE.L^_RZ5??Y_
O#]Y<WQZP8[?O#G[<GJ!
MY9X_G?WSY


\99^AKP$5F-AFC;7.&YAC^


H;(;Y#TX%75VP,E[QYY?F
7<D
0%1EU3M?

*ZIXD:HB7XH4]*/$MYN[EPV/(M7

%L9'H.TZ3;VV+VV


3XR`#.Z2X.JFNH;
W(X84Y

7RXI\HEO;O:IH=VFJCL1E80A4FDH`U0T*\UQZN]
M%I8U(?\FQKI0;



]_-%X3%
WHH/T86;
M=HX9*X#A4JLATSNDB@$XBL<A4DH`U0T/].1;M)B1%99IKT?UEB#70AYW@W
M5%.=%%UE;[)?XSI9!E@2;A1%%W4ZI)<UB`A=OI_)1$`_T%MGDL7%$Q%)JD`
M.\=OE]XISM
Y-@%8:U6


E?_/)^5T







MV
6VKS*H?@HYI^PW9&/'GG^2!?X6VSJ/JXSYQZ-6&BDP\K!(09OVT?
6FTH]



PFW8Z=MNI+*;IVU3U
+!@KU'7-

RG3WX4
MF?E'):
?SOKXXY@:GU55DG'`95Z*W&9H:('UX8R[X]2DGS?E-ET5]C0LZ7Y%
M_(
=P3''N10N_;FV

M;]K;-K($BGX?(/^!;S#!2P#:0U+[G`5PO&1\;A+[V



H\NS]7'KPIM12CJR&V-
^1EZ;O
M\4/BV5=W-7
MO;N\O7\ORN)\-#&QI9W(5$D*#;&'LL5;*E`G0AL1[BJT5#^P*^%7-`H%/BPY

O8OF

M]A:_B]$L4
P9YDB5'0#RC:R+^I%E.+$FEJPMOFB`'7).^.7#7,P,RKEOLB.
M3L]MM!E7QK+4HA(-20YZ*#&
NHBGXR)&V#\\YH):FDG2_:2`DIR4%/L9)&*
MP2Q@P]!.=$TML'_OD@K!(IFF%AK#N+$=V;*_=79O?+%.U7TEO;^-/.FU$CF
MJ2+Q.[@1FGF-L'%90S6;QIU7!+&OS`W:\93.@=F?#_F)T\\G_#Q4.PG;'KF
M6M1T
N_G*2ZP;48S[GSFTZ0`3IL&%AC:V`^3M21+TK_Y=;QW!L87G5G2G4
T

M=@'_*
W+D::LY+87)+$D!QT7!^5&VL4.7F[)94PM#_NR49M%Y.-6L
&8$-%6
MCC=1Q1%S^$?&QZAF2PYSA=3)]U-SQK]


M'XP!RA



BS1^$RYK2`76

M%.U0X):I3T0N;!+\]S
MTM'&G1`3(^SQJ)(HAC!CT2M3+V`W!*)/A:ED`

0
M_XE#OX

7_G$C

/RFPNWG88^P:@Z9<*.G2WHH-6P:E6/OD






PNCUS
;\8K



?
M8
#:N3(Z\]&+PNQ#












MC]EE34PIGR

M5NZ]7)UZ5Z?5':A&I\+VKK(ZNS/\YX%H;V$@5+FW!CYIEZX+!OP=LNK07P=W

!T\30ZTG2Y

^`0.V#W
M3
^7\23TIKE$S1.?ITEFOXI%+=]\U;CP0OATHO,F4=Y-@/EEUY/U7H]ME-^
MZ;=4K:TGV7-\4@%AA1!E35(QSY$GW3FS3-ER[CV9C/^DH*$PP2\0R1A!8_,P
MCDQRBR


*@3)9&3X$)%AM=.O*7IS`*TD_=%[\$=SQX&
$C1K

M!5W_V\7E[
MC
H.Y&=J$Q,\L/1@'C-+QUU8`S4=E=7WMU]_JTNFJ[UU:U3OL];YEF*D$T

XCF@5





/
N$?



M$(@C?
RI\BFT3Y7L0/?DNN0[_6_O



W*

\^S)



ME




3G\6CAO$6+
MHX




M6-(!PGA]3%K0%#9AHA$]2E



TE*G2)UR

M






=52&G]3WIF/'8(]E[9QK
M
AUGF?2*_?DX'NBWII!W%Z]\

JW0-'V







@H.N;%D7MIC%-NFFZ87:PK99U#P
MQH.\ZU;QR*5K;
/KNF+FFNBZCST54PKDV_R]T]_S%'9L16N)`4S#G'K+]LP4
M-F%



9@`^
MFMBWZ!&'

Y#

M/L^P7IEUS=5^.IFBDBV='5;QT?-L1.G
M:_=$+NC`U'.`L!NQU9X8K(4&0.+
M-DFJPI4YU5UL(J;6Q@J+8




2

V&CS2MB7`+HKDH&FDFXEMK6JNK?-0FW


M:


+2;#D7W



XGB/


TE+7HE

ZMZFM1&Y('3'L

\G`
IO%HG!\;+#(9Q#UP
1O'GYQ-ST
M0W-G=EOJX5?XNSG8B/Q\K

XR9%'H^5XM%VI@9$'ILJF*<=L
-PL^$CLEW+U)^QUF.?U#G

M

Y;B'R?`






T?DK1!
.SUQO!P?RV:C




CJ4[J)T&!U='CNAQ:5YHFB5-8N(@V,89F+EB2C2?]'50;^M&KKP[\A


MLP=D/I-7).^IL*U!24M

+O'OY0'N[.OMR?G6/2R%J5
L2&.R`_$@^<
GELE.5@DR.HR2N'/B$JO\WU%(S6
MTR&UF!7
W=
H=_CA`^^+7'$6*&^.P-XDK'-^$\%N`:P[`FNS!;]

P!H


S




-TXJ


MH4\?HS!N?E.T'@6V3MIBT9QXD;#1R\#CQB'8X9G.
V+I8'D=I4R\9B)7+1#
MYSJS\+P4MEOLIXJ#=#X+Z^?-R?JBLXN*PD;E[1WNKWR!


M[)*1




MA'9FZEP4

A0E0U$R%-5`][\


M

#K6B\0?[VNVFKO8[UVJYFDEWE_(0!--;K816X[KI$KM#
H.FH'
MQ+#67V9U'U
L0'I!I
^O/I_??+H1']SY9%(G+N00GO&T[H/]P$/*8MHRGGI*

/0QK&H0.1

M@B@8])8EFJ\!R++T\N9&:-X9K+U39ZE7?0U`FI:T+2
S^ZT!T'$+;9D?+&LU
M=KU.W2[.P%X6C3UTI8:





\)['5/MVR;\;[MX?P!#:=!/OOP




M\Q&$WS2X9C.+`3B\R\-FZA&Q;WC/F.()];N=/*_


3W'LZD9P_H$Y
M12T4.W^$



MT((%Z-






@TX(J?MHPQ%
5/7W

;'[.KT]T!:P
MXW_IZ)K:[O=P`27`R
@V8J85=F`B#10O&T`.!M

MMKV'CH]]TL5FI47+^6]MFA2'Q/#A+$3^[UR(_/SF\^?KA\^77Q[NE;
O%PJ/



V]G/R+!M+Z#


$/3U)[14^X^

M/^@$I)@S4W0P8C5E3*S0\UDLC+WO70N
CXYB6CX)WN-(=C`HGY6/U`V(.V+2


M


:?#G
M7H8P[W2UU])B@L1D8K+85AYGRA^F^TA-5_D]
G_@O:X7TB$E=FZ1!`6`
.Q&

M$:(IP



@CXM[H.R$HL$[-H&T)JS:U&0&.'\X]M7E&C%=#@`+H`AG


B\=O'LV\\;



GJZ4[

?39R^Y+9B[
MS^CD[BL\.GWQ1.O4DG=/V'@0;*NJ:W-/DZPB=^.1DGCY;L3^9\NV5;]\.Y;L

M




_!_].MW#-NMR0M66E%=\X!A!N70






M6;VNVC*630=\841K#B1-II+T=DJN:BA7]7KJ8.G

&_L&R

M0Z6:$?GFIZ/P5E[B#!J;XCA//N!X2'_@B$J9G]D`V*30EEPEN4IR55.I)+E*

ME5XA5S4LK7(#VW$R-:G/9KAX0X6Z.*4*/\G](_=/T^G5'$B:3*5Z.L:UU8'6
WP7*5C+-K


?!.7*H6SU(B_7J;SKQ10Z%V\8]U_R17'(HG.3`PW)@2^UT



[4.-.5(N.;`MGE'GP%.[WX]1&L.)$VF4BVLU5&-7D_M

MCR2/)

`S5*.]_Y#!=H7

V#;/$A@J/W!
5
M+DNYJ1I/K^9`TF0JU1,75PVCIPYZQ^4$D-QU'-PE99;D*BFSLQ
.35NJS%6
.3+&6R!U=T

M4'PQAH1=(*)H@6)'/A(CA9^1!M;!LT\S;)[\=6:%$;P/B!4Y(2J&R$%4@`J^
M
H3EA=Y089JITMVR**6RJN=K$*Z\GP.^`\\GWB6K
'9';38@MQYMKLH\
X

M/1]3EXHO/NA+J/%#7.(U$H2-5AY#+1!B^QQ
XH%
:B!^JJG@FH%1L95`

1D*E&)`!TH


82&_#QWO&6Y@?Y.4]V-A#?]_
M@I

`/(Q





HYF/@





MC\SU$DWA:L0T9./8W&CRRWY,0A^SP^4);35RQTW3_Q('Z!_U_RI-SV1TIB


$L?F)W&^

B[SR8\[3VC
MQ!78I




VO9*5A&-3B$)F
MZ.+U/'TM2RS6+).;Z5R`PY)$0]

6';--^
EVK.
R
N_G1=/!W?-8C=1R4-4-8`H:9


M@YFM#OT+*$99AE3R$B;_)D(W%

M&[24$_^9^MS)D(60Q:T8$D'W8Z'6+H8)DI&
I(Z(P_1A2H)
]0D1F82Q53




PI?H7NPUL
.YF0;
M
PW%KN6N53@:6Z3X`/XUCL.P:Y(B#7[WXVS^]6KN10P4E#&Q
L`C?PQ-YBXN
MJFGH$'[+U`R@LO*B.037L*`MY21'W&.21\[(0)F*M`@W/.!SYE'EP5E1$\


MI(XZ@(Z2&O`8%A-8N81G:_F5A=E*Z$&5A@_K.*.R:SV+U9P0^'C6R)6QRC

OJ5)




G:
MI@\G`'@Z\]]-64).UINYS)]8W(;`S




%O^]B(AVNVV;2-QW.L


MOP(.1

O'/

^].\NTV4
_!VN8Y`7!

MA%]1X`M\F'

M#A2.9:;=#$


M'?;`!Z


M.YD6Z15'4*PCQO.=R5$]/)@_Y#&D\8R?B'J^:`JLFAP2*&7Z2R!Q]OB1R%G6
A?L<<FGI

.77N(#?)W&@K(K^*E-'A2KKJRLJ7I0M9]0



PJ](A%1+$H*I0'L?

B:#U32RW/CL%\8EQV
I^9R3(Z;SU89'B^;AZ2DVIJ#RMRZ

M/7&]
`
B/]:;UK@0U

:N
MY)84


WD6-51KYWA
-
M^-C/3-X16P`BDI'2A/0IF*=..(M?+#*A1.41_)XI\RT64@7678'EEK/PD@;*





2
M+0[FZ

@EVL`^*`QV?TYM29F,=21BMBC@G5G'HS0F9#V,
MY/-Y$N/YN6\4G=&7,?[<I389L@X6J:15,R$`S'T:^N:$`/I\%@$7^.STGP:T
M0;^FG?AY,UIB9T(M:.:X%ITZ1)QQR0]0678N-<I\]*(P^]#,,;ZXT07B3X,@
M@E?UC4Y)$AKZ-S+DN.$3NA3-`'F+`V\I%]^2D



5A)]#
M]$`)L4^PF:
I?

J@`3(8[F




MN%BF-`HPW\16N*RRZ3QIO_Z.%SAUM6ZJ`F

_****\-HHYF&T!

M34CPR=`AXC&Q@SII5IRJ)BLS5=E*CMY
]0)_Z<S6AG':
?DP6VA5G'FX2F

_0I

]
M52Y-+&HP;6'J(\+M_K&-!

MQXR5.OAB*-AGG*(5/X*9:D$^-;8@=4D.#I`J\7A)#KQ+!J!CEBE%7'W%FG%
MV[GV_3



37UD;F$^L!U_C3OF[
M%^LOJ'UCGJGRZE?V])

M[-AQ1$%JMUUHMY_7WLWQ@\1;$I-)/^U
P[7U45;26&P:7D(U_L!85CTZ(+[F

@?H*OMKJ'VVH/MX*B
3^6[MJ/!

E(U7=V?0&!U5&Q@5






[




LF)?'N

MMS/7=&8!#6Z&HJ\.AA;.O2`
=G;4EBE!M7MGZLJ6Z71[
E?FU60ZO%(WBTPI


M0^2$]*FX0%YRR888@+YH-R:\6#7L;/H3XL



MK%J6I[P-

('=I`!C?8EKMWG-IJU:ED8F&9.\!#X
MURX'IC6Q^\T[O:,:_?)\TDI$W56DK9F$:ZEMK:K^79-P+Z^_<W/:WZB#7GD
MH^P7M$PMMI;,K=AK]VUCZJ%I]T+\B0^#ZQ'\P?_*8SU_Y$S4?JT)`2V4KH

E7);W)%IVUS846-:7J*_V
M.]IV


\@TV?+5UVJOF*
^5B'T/8/)8WH0HH?E#
=$)48&QEKN/
M=L!6U;-:=L%

C']

=:#U5*-*PSI9\G6`=0(!U^NJK?:NU^GE
M)3:]JN(A75.-[D#5M&WX1*[
#F#HJ!T0M%J57@QU%79E_L5G-ED]31._J!

R*

:FF0ZD=X8Z
MZ!MJ9XD+8`T@&MD




[6:=79IO5&FAJ&P[['FR_O-G98JFJGM8V-?!%(-
()
M?6GZ+OP4
.EB*R;(EG!





50[KXL:G%U4WY1

MN_BRT)OFE_T$?^=*//W.YQD*Z;.R#)-&CW=R



6




M/?A+6K=U@??:VEY:-LFUJ;@VAJKW-5779
/0)J[.XE1PN39-69N6VFUW54VK
MN='SNJO3N.-U


M\8
QG=X2'[OKF,A'(1TCLR_
?/Y_SO;V?!MYOA-Z/][8OW]
W0M/:#IGWC

'P/^93!Z)_[
2N92_

:!\`@^(P5P+
M[4X)VIW=H-T&M-?'(
'WW)S2T'0^$3



)5EH`
M=DLT=L=`!6CHO=8!\:C.2P4HM'I:ISDHW&'6;H#2
:1/I`9.BK?)S92@;')'



&
`C6B`F7BV4+[+




5EO\ANF_`;X2.`RO
':'Q*)

H

3^W['GCH`OW`_DB?CFB)Q[GT)[';.U




6VTC6G#T^4G&%BY(XRG'CP.#8NXY+BLN5NGX&BD

MZY$JJ'^)\+&QZX-B]4A2

'N03`]_)R:150




ZQWRMU^FV8]U2!/HQX+5XB._V



*U:Q?O1--PRN?&^2-G]+%GB
MY[7[.[%`Z]1N6)1T)JL(U4I$'KS

MQ_396U-)\^!QKUVPC+=2M/]EXEIH_9(TGG7



MW8:821^23_0)M5UHNB-L9

MVE\B1C=_\1[R

MC


3S,)-$+H/<OGZZ7&'<\\(O;7Z;/IVRO'







MM+M:-MMPC^@UEZK;\EZ[U]4'QG92I@ZJ7@Z'.`WS*7TNQJAQA(V+@49NNH=7
MQ`8HG/O0#,\_^8NKIL'Y\/N+27=MIJ9S9J#5#OGPB56*:91




M*9LMO;
.
BE8ZZ'Q


M]'!&7
CH'8)/@+I!A_5ZG&8`OXXBE:K2S
M#(%L4Q<D\2[T;
K4B6[GQR:;JN5M9*7`G1(T`LKG5K==F-AK\]J:1G=7NO%
MX5G8KJMG5&)&

WEWS3B[`L6F`T1V*0F=OSI)6



M![?O9DU)%*M_&ATCA7%]?#+F@;-P6\/_,@443*66]LGD#$QAR8@+$P1SQN
M3+


'MX]HHQ*TU_VBW




^5!'C


M


F


MCTC``?$V4K(:E=SP_?OW@^A?1=$`?0@B^5OJ`1YA5:A73UM_JV?%.O+7_6'
MI_UWP^/7P#^2&#*X0


;]F_C7?YX%@6CU(F1




M.Y=POPSAM;#M`6(Y8-\#QA&T&#2-8N[S8K8ZYND[EWBZ9W`.D'_U.H?XQ83
MI[O/C





MR&T*RZ+BWL3H$@5S&@#\B=%P?D/B)6+Q6X\2CL00[8_FD$5P1?UU8XW=`%E/




MC1Q^*:%/TV=.:
LJ79;_<V..M&$UR(LS)9K/%4?
B+X5[`&ZZJVV^GMMPOFO\D]
M4N?J]RW
B

M1*1M9TQ

F3R0X0
4=^B


EXN;R*GL$IE


(&:=(^:
MEIYT\75.-:O

M!Q#)






M_H%^E

@[VJ6Z_



]


9Q_K2M
(-*E%NR_'6=E6
M[)%VJ+3E9*S&NUOY9V_U?+CH\BK88^'Z=JGU_SUL!T;:]JW7*K?T737?JJEK
M_[Y5TW##7^;J8/#Z67FABSP:7/)-VQ*5-#WRJ%63ISB(AW#\E!^_AJ)#`RQ?



MN)$^!!936.QTO'0@VWT&`11_^1]02P
QM'1V8)
MH?'GX]:[L^


8[3








%0V*.V]Q

M)4+/.



:V0)EX1.A

=\DN45^
#J.C
BW^/



+RO1FG?[7
=CDSTBI=Y]I*



C\1J\8(+6J.*8?5M]/^^
MES8U@BK->0YNSF5?M0LW
L=:O[9])JR)YR/ST?$TND=1;'




Y+

M(D\S%.NU+L+2DW7U;(2!
TBT+-7_D7_Y?_EQL6Z=4L*PM*&M=5LP*(0R9E
UN17K`KV(()]_;S;;<*%*B*KA

M&=RA.-1


MB]O$QPGTE&K+-MO03`2[HVYC*\TU4_-SYA+G8)/&7D'XE\FQ1K*MS^$RE8L
MVZK]%@21X696M81;VNKO+O;P0Y*(@_QPMO=1[]?7O9;$$R'J\VY!%RI]0_@

MO@NBHQK@N7GAJ4CUVK=6HO_^NR`[)*CFUE`0&[L);*J:JV+'_:3
2?$8H3A=



3R*@W%O5O^O`



P5&\$-
VH$W)*!M&?Y4LI]@W39\;4
M5X1EW:O9HJ(]Y_B\V8NOQ-)/&`Y('B+-?XYPKODX;(\I2\D?Q24R%3*-M9OZ
M!.S90!/]HDE-[



LOC_1I3O0D8XOL`O
MF*$AOJ1W::CGHJTJ[V7B5UMD[@SS/R0B7(;RLXM-X3WBF\9\;;6P4+56]C)[


LG6
64U8`[GO_98I'!X

M`67X*V)B1ZI4M:H/5MHSR9NC4@W'7LXGO7E
TNJ82SC[;CL(MQR!L8_D)P

M'?L6X(CJZN:IA




M\VRCXUN^2R5
]]Z<1T/[&GZD1@#-V2\6OC8M:T/;[
MMI\&X

M5
^JBL9`LR\ZM+
:[EX
7WU^*'U%T+2-#DU:0/
B.]0CHR]$;`I%F%/
_XQ[

/(VRC@^LC.'^A0T&;_8-W:*G


M

[J37<JM6FX[








X5\K\?7Z$+'C$NGA#WWR0=W

M;T$0
XC[Z<W,5W(TAENAN]YK<FQ/@J.S.E'I.7[[R%\\69WFS)
I9D^P$9J


M;`7%GQE]`]HC7]

$)9D5]V0-D8S;`:Z5&;Z@!$:3<8
MX3`3M[HT`EY,9_]H8E%KM`9`L5J:0C$9U<.XWTSL(BW++!*R'(L&#T];SP,V
MMJ8M%1W#`-:;[?-,+B/CMU(.FI`U:E=AE#4,^VX$3WS(9JRQ`W*UFSTG)2(
M38V$H*0H*
VZT74EVS:YS+M09^^5VJIS7A248:VFSF69H6Y'U[N8#L^E-K*J

CSQQ=P;%4R.-*BGMQQ5L
M)9


MGK+(NQ:0


0?
JC82O30VZP_


M2P

A$_4KY*NRLK+^_7]_WH7DA29I$$?_\8?W7[W[`Z'1
M*O:#:/


M1&GF1:LC%6?31/?^AQ]^^%K\E3V:!G])!?U=O/(R

M7;S_YN+;]U]]3OT_\#E(XI`^TC41K_]+]KJG__&'--CM0SYL\;MM0M?-8PB3
DNCK_R1C
0\-_\5KBF:<34/@NRUWFTCI.=,-?3
MYS1+O%56,!)#%^Q_^_'FS]_\]?U?O[G]X?MO?]-G]/5_%C-P,N$IO$A65$C
M]/(CG([



`&-U'
M=`I2HT_HDJ*A1'[*?)#/_=!-Z&U
C/\I(:35/X=P+BGEWPE_`(V9=QLVJ%UO
M%)I.@]XD
\;`(@=5PI2
MJQ%72='0(G_T'#?L-ZF-


M1?&GZ(EZ:1Q1?YZF!YJ8^!`U(_C
?SO$ENPA)[CXG5.0@H1(&E266.L#:B;4

MB]Q



VYLN6__HW'.Y3G#!;K

M*0E)00E=*.LL


*Y^OCX.+M?
M$D#5
8`ZT+/)VY[&/1
+'G:1@SF0*M:I72;%94:T5FN5O$ARM)'NJ+!
$490^%9<CM027E
]?D(CVCRFK
MG/6&_5P3(DZ/XXL=-/1/+X3H5K[QK


%A

M'7U8.@XV^SC%]FN=R1_Z.$7'H&C%*1K69#PS^9#0O1?XL\][&J5481^;/$(S
M


%]=Z





K<*#.7Y'U*RCA.24NHS
M-FS(<3(AWGX?!BN^14=B]J&VU/-)4%)5%[H3L5)(#YR`IE^A6CT;9@RI-$V
M8&-6WV1
+`+V;?(XBV:SS_FGN8UC_U



(13N&H$7






M'G]_&5-XLLG





B;R-O
MM%U32OP#)5E
F`Z0M9?LV'!1103.LU!\?(9Q*'SN%T2-*N-#W?CCTW40B;N`
M;P^!SY


6



O#^*A9@MX(K

H'*\AGL6'#_

MQ-IR&?/CHBW4\SPHFFM82E=)IX+43L-;@7B2`R(=X'3WDIT4&ZK#
`37XJ
MCHAX9B*:W5&VK$Q3M@Q`XZ6

NL
M`G/(AVP;)\&_J/^_R'??3;[]X4^3;W[X4_'70*`77CL^9&GFR5MGWDYW6K?/





6*%G'TP0-P5K1&L'U0
M=VX6@%A`
'L!Z




M'
M%4C``I4.*50&*FH1'+'LV@MIFM\S=!O'/B\`-PU0&GE`!R8MP.J+%?'$``T3
MK?





M?2=
&?_-;_/=W@L2OAVV6


4BA^O#IQQH[?K!\MR2[D'.4@LI\B.A%^A78T=$D9XW0K4D\Z?ANP&#':
M77QOO-:


M1;

22XRNK)P.?Q4N+6U'$:R?DY


M_@=MA@O3VH@]$1YXEY
'7NL61]6;VI;Q6

MOGY







A
Q$&=/1%3;BL\$*

MHIX.0*@U+BJ66/?N(A;#$Q.8W_Z@5X/=H?%8-.I6_BL78!S6G^#QX;!3FMW
MH2*L;1M3B72I6$5&
URR#2$ZF(''2AUP[5:!B$*=\P1%N46[1H.F%
9`@YX
M
*:I=%HAEY[&C6=0?J;!9LN7BVSY[FWH_6'W3)/%6HPM71RR-&-ZPP9LFF@Q


4;H)VQU:1T=VZY+#JWS*

'+EA+5[N93XJ6BW2

MY3^O^+166_2P6?00A^E#*KU6(#^@QH]8VT3W30+S^L
MWQ`/1?\I^&N38=


(-<B!I:L(:[#F
.AAISIU7I
M8=`DH:%




M\`JE.M9@
*S.)5BF4%M

MVK74-%9K55$

MG'VF%@=#B31UJ*LEKFS9DT%-D;)@?K-BH



+0I%U]
M[5
XS;J+\5Z$ILMJ=6

*'U=-!;_A3O0$Z?+*:
M%$




B+I4`0N-NBNZ3Y.@XS$
M$:&


M&]J6[R4OUJ2@$]UU9_V[=NO+@9T0BA9(?L`

PJP_(
M[
V^^@$'B



L=E.#!$ON8H8.'R.;:WW-:#XN]NPDB+UII)_P--DU4G)%M8*HG

D6])D



$KLAKK




M/9MF19;U)YYDU8VW])A!!5JZ4`U
,AR6616<-:3;#8A`HN`
MC6RH
O0U

QF`KR7J$IU&I]4A-V-VV
PH

MT/$E4I7RWXBD582WX)[&Z'OKK90




MVF%MAF`VV0R2JKE180GU1//7YQ%Z?IEZWR[IXX-6Y4-@)H?`[*5+;5SLI0
ML`&R$7=!1.?L1_L4Q)$#M`-J!*7(:?''B'@.GWMI_T!F^87SKS.BB&T]]N47
MARS-O








!7F\;3WFJYIDE#_*DZS-#^U


=^&4'




R0.NXYD2F)XL8EN7F8*Z_XFY


MI=L@2BDO$DOB_:`%(Z+@'ZA@$?]H'3*_%HE380I3&.[AMIP?IA-`.I=8$X

M%:$&)]#CQ%T@&Z0_?YYP`I)38/



MW






P/^SCUPMLD/NR-%XJF;,&V
M:(WAUW:0*AS(D8785J8$

94R@G:PK]7`$J]+)6H\H!

M6#K[V]D]RAM[,1?RZ=;R;Y#-86XDRK*BO6)IN]5D8*47+7J.M:]4$LCG
@
M##`E16J1:J\@4LI3;R)N5RW4Q@.T5*@=6)?$8/
CIG#X'7'WRY9%H#

M@6ODBW^&
N*4HF+MKNQ?!.W$7*;H7')S7J1@=EIYRA.557YXU!1V?B0Y.L?H



NT6GG.CX\9^M#6$X0

ZDA*)TB]1P!+1IW:2JV76<B
M361VQ
(D+TA^\L(#7:S+ZS7X[1J)R`NF=FM7/:;0KE



M;B)J^ENR(7P3H6C6Q4(USNI\,HOZ42DTB--2,,DX'&K#HJ@=KGV6@P&/U`
M/7Y0[9A/=CT5H\T8VE&;3(%B45:A1J3@XP+'Y[R-Y=ML%:HIW./I\SW]E._?


.;3G-IT*PZ*)D@N1;(C@



MMZ$M\8P

MV

MD
^






#T&.L+9!JU_?)QTC^'*!T]XP$V3E
E81UG[E4


M4T23=!OL'\IZ85



-DG\


M?O9Y3YE?
X@J#.`WH%H@M0NE\5#$(4$P!76R_94.[3C]T.&W!`KY+TIE
2+/
\8%<^0_%$J\1^`,N$ELEJGN5V9.O<CW4Q:O?G_PDD4B
M:HW\G[SP0)D:/;%PH[%HI6%33H\7T#ZX+E%0`E2PFC)(I$E63X1Y-P[$L$`

QK*A=JO




I=NMP+E^7[-TF79AT6$'M;.K!


YGS'[Y*2U0YZW3H




MC`K*F]4&?RYBQ0

M
Q-H?](&K58^*I[#[D(



+

TAK`2G7




MX\_?M%+8&$7J49
I
D8*RV!QXSLMC&5*]U=@2
E-K=)LVC
M=$]7HA-L$J]HFAHD&#I8P



M/;YI&5_2:WYKBS]-/T:K.`RYY6KI]]=F

2
5M68KA6=*?#DC7DH.@\Z(=82#:%)P14@N

J43
MG&B+ID-H\E




M'A_#ZN4TH53]F5^%Q3

MM+V7+CLH-Z8/5ZE].2E91*1*30UK?6+U(T;LU07I7^S4Q8'3(Q^25RP;^H

MP87

]EOP[B76RI[;Y$AN)*/U';
M%QW6+`HX))3

M+@ZBN_[!SCO`A)\V

=
PT:
<3<60^*]_=V

D5@'(\'?;[

Y`!SF
+H@:Y4[!1TI4E!2:YB



MX?%T]$


MFL$^E^=[)DX5V2V83$C)AASY\.8ODA.*#5@WY!58HNA'\FA7:#SE0!:KMS-
M-9=RAZ!3&M!'*DS&,I8^7O1(/#$B1BMH79Z@2V=]XT^)R?E[E42YWU:3STM


1;
_$C['^[())'N]G3WF#6V36BZA4\RNBI2T5U@Z8._70P


Z7:+UR`M?TX!W

^;:DLX

MJ*H'ITFI=8D]





M9A5PT
C\(HFG+0W76B[LA`#$AYT-^?SS%U=CB+_#.S'0T9I[
\WAIOSO2-Q9
MDPBW^[

MP:\0HO.+1A@EME45VVI`;







]IG.S%8]QP\=_O:+:-?3*/5N'!



:;X'!.R0*%+_KJCA0[AZUDWKN.=%^B%#`IRD)!!

M`
74XL/!]Z)_!%Y4EK#Q`DJ

M'6
)/&G;/L@VIE<
M4K9(I7ERW
@=MG

M^H)$5AY/PNS8*%9`IR`L]$/;&7:IF-N-(XSI39S
=_LD?J%^SGD:^4^4^HS!






?L+


U3(^

MZ?


M5TY!PG?[^8_74BD+-


\2O

T+0:SF8.H'%*&ZBVC=_4L8D^;-X

A?M
MWR147`B2_AQD6WEEB-793BU&

MT'#X?Q/]4NR=ZN76VE);2XCL/02\1Q\N
FZC+.7VZ3W[#A#UW:8#$A#;OM
M)RL0(AD1V93@KE+NS=8NA0+B2X;T-QG5D(/LDV!%92DK[Q)JR$,LFV:@6;`
ME^(@^J15ZS'XZF:=BP/2E(F#Q=JX;`T%SHV
)\4


MJ+I+XLMI'E.()PE_=)AKB!WA
HW*'^SD%P/:$D_CGOO1`J((4V@51`CO

MP%BZQU-EQ8`N7S]X_XB3J]!+4Y.;VQ80T4=M-P+ND=TGWY2@0+(G@


\Y&<=+RC4VRA
+[W041G6=TUYD3-^*%T
]5@1J&=;]R6B*(



M`B^<1VD69`?^4AN_;
P4IOF
.?1:RQ;&@N0\1'5V
MP854V#UYGW#SSKAXW2MA*O:-]B)^[CN5$^P#0?H:G3/*&%=I%G0)KD
2T$



7DK
A@@\I&!'.J?\L
M#TU




%!\6#Q
2D;CX
MX&6')

9Y0^3X].\7D\^3Z['-RV]H1)Q\JY`XD.8








CWMH*T5H-\3@L:#M6!U(X$RB<(
M?V28HC'KD$9_\
]\\(/4A]F')1:C1Q9:M&A!=_C0K`)8ZDU_8O^?)ZS[+SEM

ME?`[RJI%7]








M452#1MM'475U'M`6+2*;7C`VK%''4K5IL#12BVC@-C*#150F
V`25'WWAH*J


J3K%-GR[CZ8J-+:$?O-4VB&CRRHQ(
M.5K=F



MUI!!0*6:1R_
G



0L?HX#G29\RMCI!O!&A+^A].?LS*1^Q


M=8)-CRIKI$R2::@2H&\3E?V5G6\_[6FI(B:Q`Z(DYSQ:


(4T_!%'



M^EE^DHR_'TU@!FA=.@X60)D6U);=






MU8ZOK6-6:\(QGA.?K==TE04OQR77WG;%`OG?WJD?$*4-ZZ:+JUW]?KH&+0

MXI']\9KOYAUTT5GRAOJ47V?,O-R$$?4=V


M4R2!YT%/)N&*$YYKLLX-SC.-Z#J`Z:C=NV3;QS=&JH/+EEQMV2=G#PS0Q*+O
MU[^%8


:F:D4UR'H4F@MANX`

M]JK2]C--#?2PYP
\!&X=G'3.-_6*FOC*4U^9/A*%I+)

V2LS32IUZ


C



M_0


V@
MPE$S'



.EE@/AU-VI!S($<6
M$R*9$

W!]H//H



MET$6TL5Z'OG!2^#S!G46ES\T





M@DU1G!GY3XS0VR@4NV:CU!Q`/%@7J+K45)XGC(#D%#AN-.L!$V]]D`Z-R=Q%



M:MW9V\IC'ZO`[C8Z?6XPBV@#L/7





2:%-9/&`TYCZP&&+)YYMAXS$@RQ
U2
MW;Y
;!3I

M4&M\U=R






M6Q0+--&#5@PT`U)(!GL

M#:


5?P!V=

Y*!:ZA9VOY+%G&



)H2^T(CCB.+
=.#(]MHZ
M;6EW2-1E2



M(I^$BU^^^S*]?OO3=__]7__GW_[S_[Y]^S_G#W=O+B
O6^$P??.)MID3[+]Y






M).&F&/RRM^,AKV.+8DX6\2X6)U^H^;A-8I7=&DRHH8_0FOQ4-MO09X?)8D


F*!6:+J9QBA

S1<6UXUNC:DI2Z^'B$2_
M^S#WF[LU4AE




MVZ%5:D
0K[][DFSFJ&28+ORW-LR3#N38NK?3-OX8W9!F(V3%4%T[H6V8JCUH


Z`$E'
MZI+
DA4.R=V.V-UUF`V+-8;KG&`K9AL





^V^LQ^*]5N+QI(7.9\3['V_B)[?

/V
5IA#L*CIK#P;U25W%N_3

M0HF

8JI975)]RH!YT7-9Q^&

M5&+X&Y`8=M/PFOXF40BBT7KV]R&+XA!


MU6)(NW


M*G\]VY;VF
RWP7/W++99[O`VZ6[M\[9'540O:M_WQ#(^VW(S(;ZZ$(W=]O






M'AZXD^4=04\D(


DTL
T


MEY5

MR$QZ?.8#&E6J0(F+3HI#NW+'



M
#3.!`EH/TJ?DQ6*5=)K=MH;/YRMF!7HQN%VM8J&D+#SM#?..5NQR\&-PR%;

HMI=+Y[G=+3







M:MO&:WO'O(`^`[E44PJ^G'_G.




GI-5%G74^_H


*'`BQB`_%_!G@UX%I.$U1++8G:8Q3&)
M?`UC^PA?AZZB[USMS+3;

I4^J=TO-$:!K^AL+WP#7[OPVZ`FO]L-27C38H$HWM1X3


&[56Q0\:



MHP=

M\6

!




FG8E3'JGNTL3Y[EGU[D-;?
MY<&SAG(<Z?]<J'&&_5SI+16BV;\'?L=*04/Z3BR\SD\*VR@RO-BMG<T.T/G


MT(XB;H2#M(JY-52';;?9*:P/MVM-V`
U:
M$+9N/LCL%-:AVZV&2&&/(\1$GX%.3([9:2^3^^WTQ0SV&$[/`L37)$2AY\A0
ME0PV.X7U_CHU5!4X1Y,DXV'LY]4.'I=1G$YQO+K$3]+=1]1G=MK++'R5(`6;
MC0SE*')BZP@?\+K<7?SVA7'QD`59$/
3GOIIVVO&2K0XSC.ZK//R78R.^VE




Y\GQ3T
L/K-BR3




M5Z
VF80'A

:





M6O[

LF@[@QT!308F%C!DA!C$'O
M]UYV.K;[81$3+PM2O9V!TQI@1ZA1H;
3\)I#.Q.X?!2L_`+ZQZ#Y%!HN'(^_

E-J-*S:8SZ`ZFV%A-Y%\T&N
:@\@=E


8]A9K*0
ML?(IL&FTO1N[#9.4I!G[TO&=:D^IH:^
UP%@\NT3HC/+!#W`G5XA@KFC1C%
M&;(YRC%Y00YSRC?V&46F+]YR%



M*
!S2D
$`DO+#.



;58SBA01&
SGDD-?X!`B





\XC'S]2:KLUSVV::ZF!R

@#H@+
FB
ZPZKV2IKP.*GMEQFUDKP&IDOG'





M8E_OI4V#88#/]79:8H:OP^


G!]G)&XC5
Y2Y7JR3%S-Y]A+


6?4)K%)-U4FJUM/[0:=RRU



M1M

M)_$
!:JW+.Q'!XQIQ(@]U:[!=91!$NQ/)YT\PFGR\AG09)[J*=O(0X3I9D





LH
Z[A\+Y0CQ@HT-HQSBK;[18O9^)-XT#J[N*K;WKZPJ

R2I;:5@YM7;0;_PV)2R8!HD#UQ2
M)-235+T=]!N\FI)JDCSP54^X\-]IY$.I.T._M-NA1VD/X\#SX80@*^_L7.9O

MS).`/7$2YIJ])I1?3D9


TC#DD4FTA(










M&'^A7%4Q_L
N5-AUT.1`L@+
STAUB./8I(50/^/J--'+W0P+3/6D^RAEK!

5







H4QCD):UP*#MG;X36/U*+V0S(954!&
=8._[1?3\CN3#
M,14Z+7]FRG-:4Y[BM[/==Y,J#EFR*J@[@694;Q\,]/[,2)+?<;GF]J_]#.K
;=K?4+4$LHSO#7D:S8*\'<5M#&(
?A4..P

LB9=
MHW)=J[B$$V6JG:(K4!JVAN#X$U0#SRA$_HF$$:N$?ANFF(HFG;R$.$Z69'V/

M7+



OM9
MVA'JX3=[\UD)I[-'XYWNW=3_9/]`.*=J53B'A9D.H%(G!:NPA`.*-2VR0D
M*=Y1R@/@57X!21?H5]FX/.)N1%(


MU@#[08'NRLPUP@G4GI[DZPGF.@NMJ#W0G9GM]!:CZ.G9G)$YF?]&SYSBI7;7








M_U'C'TZP.)W=MTNM`U!X`



4W(F7
M#ZRGUX(
1!X8XY]O'K.GA/@$Q9O2B:8Q;U5]08
=[&2J`ZFGX4)2\I6S5-X3
M-%KL22W@*`357FTFZ-41I&NZ:@810M;*!]!#T--CJ+
9K

\4^SE(@
KM/4UM
M7[N,@@#%^=7[[FP^C4I,F/.8BC0
B*:8N
[

68RD
MU?SC8X&^7G







9KT!@/.)=$5JK!#[$




F

MF(











L_NUBTK1#W



M



W*



MSTT%L`Y#IX]GYMS'T3-)Z(CSB!IS]-?4O'G%B0]CY=SF%$S1JY%_7M(+X+1Y




NXH;&I#P%^;.78=Q9@L9)6US0?K



MJ[N:O'YZ?106K99N/N%T&?G



VQJ]<UIE;[.0[Q

M$MZ




ZU[\:O8'/
-;;K!XT



#8X=I^

?P8[!K

HW)9&B#^C%59Z-2U'[(73\QCJ(O#26'
-

M+QK9Q+I!))R$%:_8/?)\BEY-KZCT1IV=@-^I=*YR;7CC+!6@'S?V6ILF;ZT_
<Y/**:3P#N=/ZR9S;T';Y,?[`[`3XP0&0E<B*3956
M_CA@K=RO8BEPVJMUSV28V4F/+BRZT#!39E1Z]'?W;YWU).RH#-;Z%GXTZ$NF
M;^%'W\*/1GE[^BW\Z*NX,_T6?O0M_.A;^-&W\*-OX4??PH^&O32!;Z6]#\2


L

_Y$VRQEIK'^(
.H!5U
MJ.,(A.1B-54#8!](MX)W65X8KCBLVM:'NC?_6FS^![P@[.-Y,+:
$+/XIC5

G\-O3)

M?H_);PUL*UO(@..8%T+KPSRN7@[U
2FF






MI=C
MFV`ZZ28;EUUN@?^JE8.13C+.*V`WQ+:8[U$.N!AIV[$\PF]DE6V4@IH

;\H\JO[#%:,!5B2B$*QY=AB'?6+85?LL8^.K




[0
MA1?<[@B:@'N:O?68K5;L$%RQ(N$!45TM&@T7?A`6V#<@ZHAT'%8BBA@C]`\


M3T5-:*W0]Q
``'/F```1`!P`8W-N9RTR
#$T
#8S


2

J


XWQ8J_/O`S9*A%ES


M_\0!G90!S1@&BET0ZLE&CE[Z`
?O-89?PC)`!#_&3P[`!280%I[@&.Z4
4QX
M'

+G[
:G

.$-%30?@E61
`82J.@82[C/@G/`A9&.6KP
UD

5)5QT!CKT=^4$5&?8C
M)ZUFR-




MCEOD#QO:TA8Y[MEYA`EQ_BZ%K!9\8V9$#-#0
34^0YNN.%6X6MA.&#&UY
M?;O89-$R'&)DU[T`CYDF


M57E(0\+\H'



MBFOSU0?ME++5SP+TUE

M5O

M[F^M&+
:]R'[F

A]O$BCN;CNR\
MF*/B:$Z5/;HM!+RUXM/&HSPO%C&.[QPBX6L##6X'*XK%#OQDT`]X*DZXU/H
M#TU$N`VL6+?Z/-@.T'%X1^OM#]21X
;P(J(ZS*)7@Q0SM*R=DIJB7`36(%R









WK




M*LV('Z`ZQ9/'



MZ6A%3%[5%+TS!CF)$)_5FB-:5-+U3.-]CCQUP%3]SGG@?:!)+/U*%.L#5+








YO#@6/]WERSSA
T]\7'O=3
M]#+6L<P-!C&)^JG6&4SIEM%RS[M50\@E6:NR,^+1J3@C_Q7R(`IB`W-27Y[


M8Q
2
O)%9I5-&&?.J'F+SC&940DO^L0]*K.D!7/PZ
[[N%7KI[=[FD()4[3$





:TH]'V3[


Z)7YCKR]89[%+.V5#\FSNG67*.XV&4]03U+D#V.U!&)#&8M)[AK)3.6


+R9;%U

6%
MB`)Z3%SF

MS:E%N22?'SWS


9


48%<IZU@J)'6ES1_/+`6VJI@!?W2OZ99/.DS:M$)7#19(XI
M4DO7(XWRBU_+-\E6N_0.//UQ`MGV3'P(1

)ONU.Y3%0P


JZ)
?
M2T2[X+8W1LKZ)+GU






M9RTR
#$T
#8S

1XSY4=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!


30P-C

M2P$'@,4`````!WB4]%9O@]&FX_``!L3`0`%0`8```````!````I(&$1`$`
M8W-N9RTR
#$T
#8S

1XSY4=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``


C`Q-#`V

1XSY4=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L%
3!@`````&``8`&@(``(.8`0``````
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In November of 2013
 the Company made a deposit of $5
929
461 (RMB 36
474
054) with a supplier for the purchase of equipment for the Companies ginseng farms. Prior to delivery of the equipment
 the Company determined that this equipment was not best suited for its&#8217; farms and cancelled the purchase. The deposit remains on hand with the supplier. The Company and supplier and negotiating for the delivery of different equipment or the return of the deposit.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

630
972)

982
596)


        

130
950)

408)


        

761
922)

646
004)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        

035


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company had been financing its operations from loans from individuals
 principally residents of China
 who are deemed to be related parties because of their ownership interest in the Company (shareholders).&#160;&#160;The individuals have loaned the Company funds which are interest free
 have no specific repayment date
 and are unsecured.&#160;&#160;The funds received are evidenced by receipt of cash acknowledgments.&#160;&#160;At June 30
 2014 and June 30
 2013 funds borrowed to fund the current operations of the Company were $1
389
124 and $1
279
982
 respectively.&#160;&#160;In accordance with FASB ASC 835-30
 the Company has imputed an interest charge of $108
548 and $128
008 which has been recorded in the financial statements for the years ended June 30
 2014 and 2013
At June 30
 2014 and 2013
 the Company had receivables from related parties aggregating $11
900 and $37
355
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













