

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-17-001201
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170210
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170210
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001489902
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				421769584
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54451
		FILM NUMBER:		17594120
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		XITA 23C STAR INTERNATIONAL
 8 JINSUI
		STREET 2:		PEARL RIVER NEW TOWN
		CITY:			GUANGZHOU PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			510623
		BUSINESS PHONE:		020-28133873
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		XITA 23C STAR INTERNATIONAL
 8 JINSUI
		STREET 2:		PEARL RIVER NEW TOWN
		CITY:			GUANGZHOU PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			510623
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RICH STAR DEVELOPMENT Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141203
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RICH STAR DEVELOPMENT
 CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100420









     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549




FORM
10-K

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.

For
the fiscal year ended November 30
 2016.



TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.

Commission
File Number 0-54744

CHINA
GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC.
(Name
of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)



    
    
    

(State
        of Other Jurisdiction of
incorporation
        or organization)
    
(I.R.S.)
    Employer
I.D. No.)



Floor
29 No. 334
 Huanshi East Road
 Yuexiu District
Guangzhou
City
 Guangdong Province
 P.R. China 510623
(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)

Registrant's
Telephone Number: 86-024-2397-4663

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Common
Stock
 $.001 par value per share

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 406 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405) is not contained herein
and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check One)

Large
accelerated filer&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Accelerated filer&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Non-accelerated filer&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Smaller
reporting company&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;



 2016 (the last business day of the most
recently completed second fiscal quarter) the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately
$129
148
425
 based on the closing market price on that date.

As
of February 10
 2017
 there were 75
000
000 shares of common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:






    
    


CHINA
GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC.
ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K
FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

TABLE
OF CONTENTS



Part
    I
    
Page
    No

    
    
    

Item
    1
    
    

Item
    1A
Risk
    Factors
    

Item
    1B
Unresolved
    Staff Comments
    

Item
    2
Description
    of Properties
    

Item
    3
Legal
    Proceedings
    

Item
    4
Mine
    Safety Disclosure
    

    
    
    

Part
    II
    
    

    
    
    

    

Market
for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities
    


Item
    6
Selected
    Financial Data
    

Item
    7
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis
    

Item
    7A
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
    

Item
    8
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Schedules
    

Item
    9
Changes
    and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    

Item
    9A
Controls
    and Procedures
    

Item
    9B
Other
    Information
    

    
    
    

Part
    III
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    10
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

Item
    11
Executive
    Compensation
    

    

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    


Item
    13
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence
    

Item
    14
Principal
    Accountant Fees and Services
    

    
    
    

Part
    IV
    
    

    
    
    

Item
    15
Exhibits
    and Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    


FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS: NO ASSURANCES INTENDED

In
addition to historical information
 this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements
 which are generally identifiable by
use of the words &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo; &ldquo;plans
to
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimates
&rdquo; &ldquo;projects
&rdquo; or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements represent
Management&rsquo;s belief as to the future of China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc. Whether those beliefs become reality will depend
on many factors that are not under Management&rsquo;s control. Many risks and uncertainties exist that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those reflected in these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include
but are not limited to
 those discussed in Section 1A of this Report
 entitled &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo; Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the
results of any revision to these forward-looking statements.


    
    



PART
I

Item
1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Business

Guangdong
Gewang was founded in June 2010 in Guangzhou City
 with registered capital of RMB 10 million (US$1
561
000). Guangdong Gewang
is engaged in the sale of selenium supplements within the PRC. It is a standing member of the Chinese Selenium Supplements Association.

Guangdong
Gewang initiated its business by cooperating with the Academy of Agricultural Sciences of Shandong Province (the Academy) in the
development of formulas for three selenium supplements: a selenium capsule
 a capsule combining selenium with glossy ganoderma
(a therapeutic mushroom)
 and a selenium powder. The Academy has given Guangdong Gewang an exclusive license to manufacture and
market the three products. As a result of our relationship with the Academy
 Guangdong Gewang has required no investment in research
and development within the past three years other than payments directly to the Academy.

The
Academy also assisted Guangdong Gewang in identifying manufacturing companies possessing the advanced nanometer processing technology
and production processes needed to produce the products. Guangdong Gewang now outsources the manufacturing of the products
 then
sells them under the trademarked brand &ldquo;Jindanli&rdquo;. We currently have three separate trademarks in China on aspects
of the Jindanli brand
 which expire in 2022
 2023 and 2025
 at which time Guangdong Gewang can apply for renewal. The Jindanli
brand is important to our efforts to distinguish our products from other manufacturers.


into a Licensing Agreement and a License Agreement Supplement Agreement (together
 the &ldquo;Licensing Agreements&rdquo;) with
the Academy which have been in effect since December 30
 2015. The Licensing Agreements have a term of five years and allow Guangdong
Gewang the exclusive right to use the Academy-developed selenium formulas in its trademarked Jindanli branded products. The selenium
formulas belong to the Academy but Guangdong Gewang has a license to use the formulas as it sees fit
 including by contracting
with third-party manufacturers to produce the products. The formulas are trade secrets
 and Guangdong Gewang is contractually
obligated to ensure the confidentiality of the formulas pursuant to the Licensing Agreements. The Academy must notify Guangdong
Gewang of any improvements or upgrades to the selenium formulas
 whereupon Guangdong Gewang has the option to choose to use the
new formulas in its products. The Licensing Agreements require Guangdong Gewang to pay an annual fee of 600
000 RMB ($87
000).



    
    



Gewang entered into an additional agreement with the Academy
 under which the Academy granted Guangdong Gewang an exclusive right
of first refusal to use any research related to advanced selenium enrichment techniques and technology developed by the Academy
relating to selenium research techniques. The agreement calls for annual payments of 4
000
000 RMB ($580
000) payable quarterly.
Additional payments will be required for use of any techniques or technology developed by the Academy.

Initially
for the convenience of management
 Guangdong Gewang marketed exclusively on a wholesale basis to chain stores that retail health
care products. Early in 2014
 as the Registrant developed the necessary infrastructure
 Guangdong Gewang commenced direct marketing
to consumers from its executive &ldquo;home office.&rdquo; Subsequently we have opened three more physical stores dedicated to
the sale of the three Jindanli products.

In
March 2016
 Guangdong Gewang entered into cooperation agreements with 6 selenium enriched food product manufacturers for Guangdong
Gewang to distribute their selenium enriched food products to chain stores and to sell these products in Guangdong Gewang&rsquo;s
retail stores. Guangdong Gewang pays promotion fees to chain stores to ensure optimal product placement and widespread distribution
of these products. Guangdong Gewang has worked with the Academy to ensure that each of these selenium enriched food product manufacturers
meets its standards. Guangdong Gewang has also begun to sell these selenium enriched food products in its flagship retail store
alongside its Jindanli branded selenium products. &nbsp;The wholesale and retail sales of selenium enriched food products has
broadened Guangdong Gewang&rsquo;s reach in China and helped to further expand the Registrant&rsquo;s market share in selenium
products beyond selenium supplements.



Background
on Selenium

Selenium
is one of the &ldquo;essential&rdquo; nutrients for humans
 meaning that our bodies cannot produce it
 and so we have to get it
from our diet. Selenium deficiency can cause health problems including Keshan&rsquo;s disease
 and the World Health Organization
has found that between 50 and 250 micrograms of selenium constitute a healthy daily intake.

Selenium
was discovered as an element in 1817 by the Swedish chemist J&ouml;ns Jacob Berzelius
 who determined the atomic weights of many
elements and developed a system of chemical symbols. It was first thought to be a toxin
 but scientists determined that&nbsp;selenium
was an essential mineral&nbsp;in the 1950s. By the 1960s doctors began researching selenium&rsquo;s possible tumor fighting properties
in animals
 according to the American Cancer Society.

Scientists
now know selenium is necessary in the body&rsquo;s production of selenoproteins
 a family of proteins that contain selenium in
the form of an amino acid. So far
 25 different selenoproteins in the body have been isolated
 but only half of their functions
have been identified. Selenium is one of several nutrients known to have antioxidant properties
 meaning selenium plays a part
in chemical reactions that stop free radicals from damaging cells and DNA. Free radicals are unstable molecules from environmental
toxins
 or from byproducts of the human body&rsquo;s metabolism. In 1973
 a paper published by JT Rotruk et al. showed that selenium
is the basic component of erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase (GSH-PX)
 an enzyme that removes harmful substances produced by cell
respiration. Further research into the antioxidant functions of selenium have shown that six other enzymes (glycine reductase
formate dehydrogenase
 nicotinic acid hydroxylase
 sulfur dehydrogenase and xanthine solution enzyme) are activated only in the
presence of selenium.



    
    


Human
and animal research has found selenoproteins are involved in embryo development
 thyroid hormone metabolism
 antioxidant defense
&nbsp;sperm
production
 muscle function and the immune system&rsquo;s response to vaccinations. Antioxidant supplements
 including selenium
are often touted to help prevent heart disease
 cancer and vision loss.

According
to the Chinese Selenium Supplements Association
 selenium is purported to help people with asthma
 and reduce the risk of&nbsp;rheumatoid
arthritis&nbsp;and cardiovascular disease. Selenium levels drop with age
 so some have claimed selenium can slow the aging process
cognitive decline and dementia. Low selenium levels are also implicated in depression
 male infertility
 weak immune systems and
thyroid problems.

Plants
grown in soil containing selenium convert it into a form that is usable by humans or animals. Soil around the world varies in
its selenium concentration. The higher the concentration of selenium is in soil
 the higher the concentration of selenium is in
crops. Soil in Nebraska
 South and North Dakota
 for example
 is especially rich in selenium
 and people living in these areas
typically have the highest dietary intake of selenium in the United States

Soil
in some areas of China and Russia is naturally low in selenium. Selenium deficiencies in the Keshan region in northeast China
were severe enough to spur a form of&nbsp;heart disease&nbsp;called cardiomyopathy
 now called Keshan&rsquo;s disease. Chinese
government programs to supplement people&rsquo;s diets with selenium in the 1970s greatly reduced cases of Keshan disease
 according
to the National Institutes of Health&rsquo;s Office of Dietary Supplements. Low selenium levels in China
 Tibet and Siberia may
also play a role in a type of osteoarthritis called Kashin-Beck disease.

Seventy-two
percent (72%) of the land in China is selenium-poor. In the area from the three provinces in Northeast China to the Yunnan Guizhou
plateau
 two-thirds of the arable land is recognized as having a selenium deficiency
 where the selenium content of the principal
crops is less than 0.05ppm.

Selenium
Toxicity

The
human body only needs a trace amount of selenium
 so it is possible to overdose with selenium supplements. For example
 in 2008
a liquid dietary supplement that was 200 times more concentrated than advertised led to selenium poisoning in more than 200 people
in the U.S. The most common effects were diarrhea
 fatigue
 hair loss
 joint pain
 brittle nails and nausea. A third of the people
affected continued to experience symptoms 90 days after taking the mislabeled supplements.

Taking
too much selenium over time can lead to selenosis
 which can cause hair loss
 nail loss
 nausea
 irritability
 fatigue and some
nerve damage. Other symptoms of chronic selenium overdose are a metallic taste in the mouth
 and a garlic scent on the breath.
A selenium overdose can cause skin lesions and nervous system abnormalities. In severe cases
 selenium toxicity can cause tremors
kidney failure
 cardiac failure
 respiratory distress or even death.

The
Institute of Medicine&rsquo;s Food and Nutrition Board caps the safe daily intake of selenium at 45 micrograms for infants
 60
to 90 micrograms in toddlers
 150 to 280 micrograms in prepubescent children and 400 micrograms in adults.

Selenium
may increase the risk of bleeding if it is combined with blood thinners such as clopidogrel (Plavix)
 coumadin
 heparin or aspirin
according to the University of Maryland Medical Center. Animal studies show selenium supplements may also extend the effects of
sedatives. Antioxidant supplements that included selenium have been shown to interfere with cholesterol-lowering treatments.

For
these reasons
 our marketing program combines both information about the need for adequate selenium intake with advice and warnings
about the risk of excess ingestion of selenium.



    
    


The
Opportunity in China

We
believe that the importance of selenium to human health and the fact of selenium deficiency in large parts of China create a vast
market potential for development. Selenium has been studied extensively in China. These efforts have resulted in confirming that
selenium is an important element for human health and that there are areas within China that are significantly deficient in the
soil and water. In the past decade
 Chinese government policy has helped to enhance the potential of the selenium market.

Since
2008
 the government has assisted Ankang City in developing selenium-rich products as a pillar industry. Government officials
reviewed the experience of selenium supplements at home and abroad
 and solicited the opinions of experts on selenium supplement
research. Based on that review
 the government developed the first provincial &ldquo;selenium content standards&rdquo; for Shaanxi
Province
 completed a census of selenium-rich resources in Ankang prefecture
 drew an atlas of soil rich in selenium
 established
a selenium-rich food label system
 selenium research and development institutions
 cultivated selenium-rich food enterprises
organized a food industry association
 and established a sound selenium-rich food industry development framework and system. These
activities evidence the government&rsquo;s support of the selenium industry.

The
selenium industry is still in its infancy. It is currently fragmented with no dominant players. According to the Chinese Selenium
Supplements Association
 over three hundred
 mostly small
 enterprises are engaged in producing selenium products. Production
costs are high because the products have not yet achieved economic scale. In addition
 because the industry is new
 the quality
of selenium-rich health products is uneven
 in part due to the lack of a nationwide standard for selenium products in China. In
spite of these challenges
 the selenium industry as a whole grew to 26.6 billion RMB (US$4.6 billion) in 2015 with a historical
annual growth rate of 9.3% to 13.1%
 and we believe the industry will experience rapid growth in the future.

Our
Products

Through
a partnership with the Academy of Agricultural Sciences of Shangdong Province
 a highly regarded research institute in China
we have licensed the exclusive right to contract for the manufacture and marketing of products using three selenium formulas developed
and owned by the Academy. In compensation for the license
 we pay the Academy a fee of 50
000 RMB ($8
104) per month.

Currently
Guangong Gewang distributes 89 distinct products which include processed foods such as selenium enriched porridge
 ready to eat
foods such as selenium-enriched peanuts and ingredients such as selenium enriched flower. Guangong Gewang is actively engaged
in marketing healthy selenium rich foods including Selenium-Rich Maize Residue
 Selenium-Rich Brown Rice. Selenium Enriched Black
Beans
 Selenium-Enriched Buckwheat Kernel and Selenium-Enriched Ormosia. These foods compliment the Registrant&rsquo;s Jindanli
branded products by raising awareness of the need for selenium in the diets of our target consumer market.

We
currently offer the following products for sale under the brand &ldquo;Jindanli&rdquo;:


Selenium
                                         Capsules.
                                         The selenium capsules are sold in a box of 300 capsules
 with a recommended dosage of
                                         one capsule twice daily. A box of selenium capsules (i.e. a five month supply) retails
                                         for 1
380 RMB ($215) with a wholesale price of 650 RMB ($101).



    
    



Selenium
                                         - Glossy Ganoderma Capsules.
                                         of our selenium - glossy ganoderma capsules. Glossy ganoderma is an edible fungus
 known
                                         as the &ldquo;magical oriental mushroom&rdquo; in traditional Chinese medicine. Glossy
                                         ganoderma is believed to boost energy
 control blood pressure
 and strengthen the immune
                                         system. Guangdong Gewang offers glossy ganoderma combined with selenium because the anti-oxidant
                                         effects of the selenium help prevent oxidation of the glossy ganoderma spore powder
                                         thereby maximizing the effectiveness of the glossy ganoderma. A box of 300 selenium -
                                         glossy ganoderma capsules (i.e. a five month supply) retails for 1
380 RMB ($215) with
                                         a wholesale price of 650 RMB ($101).


Organic
                                         Selenium Powder.
                                         powder. We offer the selenium powder in a box of 90 bags
 with a recommended dosage of
                                         one or two bags daily. A box (i.e. a 1&frac12; to three month supply) retails for 1
380
                                         RMB ($215) with a wholesale price of 650 RMB ($101).

The
only significant raw material needed for our selenium capsules and selenium powder is selenium. Selenium is readily available
as it has numerous industrial uses. For our selenium - glossy ganoderma capsules
 we also need glossy ganoderma. Historically
the reisha mushroom
 which is the source of glossy ganoderma
 was rare in the wild. Recently
 however
 farmers have been successful
in domesticating the reisha mushroom
 which has resulted in an abundance of the reisha mushroom and of its derivative glossy ganoderma.
As a result
 sourcing our raw materials has not been a matter of concern
 nor are we subject to significant effects from changes
in the prices of our raw materials.

Our
Manufacturing

Currently
we outsource our manufacturing to three production companies:


Yantai
                                         Yisheng Pharmaceutical Co.
 Ltd.
 which produces our selenium capsules;


Taian
                                         Zhishengtang Ganoderma Lucidum Co.
 Ltd.
 which produces our selenium - glossy ganoderma
                                         capsules; and


Beijing
                                         Technology Development Company of CAAS
 which produces our organic selenium powder.


Gewang consists only of inventory in our retail stores. Generally
 upon receipt of an order from our customer
 we place a corresponding
order with the appropriate manufacturer. Guangdong Gewang and our colleagues at the Academy strictly supervise the production
process
 and we inspect and accept the finished product. When the products are ready for shipment
 either our logistics team or
the manufacturer (depending on our agreement with the manufacturer) engages a delivery service to pick up the product from the
manufacturer&rsquo;s site and deliver it to the customer.

We
have signed with each manufacturer
 as well as with the Academy
 a Product Manufacture and Purchase Agreement. Each agreement
has a five year term
 and mandates that the products be manufactured to our specification
 with the manufacturer bearing responsibility
for any product defects. The agreement gives Guangdong Gewang the authority to supervise the manufacturing process. We have also
signed with each manufacturer a Non-Disclosure Agreement
 which requires the manufacturer to protect the product formula and trade
secrets
 and prevents the manufacturer from entering into any venture in competition with us.



    
    


Our
Marketing

Selenium
deficiency is harmful to all humans. It is of particular concern
 however
 to the elderly and to lactating women. As we deliver
information to the populations of areas with selenium-poor soil
 those two groups are our target market. Nevertheless
 our staff
is committed to raising awareness of selenium issues throughout China
 particularly in the eastern regions with large populations
and selenium-poor soil. Our marketing staff makes personal appearances throughout our prime markets
 both to raise awareness of
the problem of selenium deficiency and to educate consumers about the proper use of selenium supplements and the risks of excess
selenium ingestion. Additionally
 we plan to develop a media advertising program in the future.


 Guangdong Gewang has
distribution agreements with sixteen major wholesale customers
 including eight well-established customers that retail health
care products and eight distributors that sell selenium-enriched food in China. Each wholesale customer is assigned an exclusive
market and barred by contract from selling in other markets. The sixteen wholesale customers
 their designated markets and the
expiration of the respective contracts are:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Dongguan Renzheng Pharmaceuticals and Trading Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
March 5
 2017
    

Shenzhen Youmeikang Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
March 7
 2017
    

Foshan Kangchen Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
March 25
 2017
    

Fujian Beier Pharmaceuticals Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
April 14
 2017
    

Guangdong Sinopharm Pharmaceuticals Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
May 9
 2017
    

Huizhou Liqi Pharmaceuticals Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
May 9
 2017
    

Heyuan City Corning Pharmaceutical Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd
    
    
    
    
    
    
October 23
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
February 28
 2017
    

Zhejiang &nbsp;Supply &amp;Sales Supermarket Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
March 1
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
March 29
 2017
    

Shanghai Liangyou Jinban Convenience Chain Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
June 2
 2017
    

Shanxi Taiyuan Tangjiu Supermarket Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
July 26
 2017
    

Guangzhou Huayuda Commerce and Trade Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
March 30
 2017
    

Shanwei City Urban Area Dongsheng Health Products Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    
August 16
 2019&nbsp;
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
August 31
 2017&nbsp;
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
March 31
 2017&nbsp;
    


Our
distribution agreements fix the payment terms
 which vary among customers. In each distribution agreement
 Guangdong Gewang warrants
that the products will conform to all the requirements set forth in the New National Pharmacopeia of the National Food and Drug
Supervision and Management Bureau
 and that all products will have a remaining viable period of no less than 12 months when delivered.

Our
distribution agreements with the wholesale customers do not prevent them from selling competitor&rsquo;s selenium products. Rather
we assure ourselves of their loyalty by providing focused advertising of our brand in the chain stores&rsquo; markets
 thereby
making sale of the Jindanli products an attractive
 low-effort proposition for our wholesale customers.



    
    


Our
Competition

There
are a limited number of name brands of selenium supplements in China
 as the industry is in its early development period. In the
markets where we do face competition
 we emphasize the high quality of the Jindanli products such as the following:




    
    
The
    Jindanli Selenium Capsule is designed using carageenan capsules to offer rapid absorption and high quality
 yielding a product
    useful for all persons in need of added selenium in their diet.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Jindanli Selenium - Glossy Ganoderma Capsules offer an attractive combination of contemporary biotechnology with traditional
    healing. We source pure ganoderma spore powder from Mount Taishan wood
 combine it with Jindanli selenium and package it in
    a carageenan capsule.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Jindanli Organic Selenium Powder provides the benefits of selenium to infants and the infirm
 for whom swallowing capsules
    is difficult.



While
the industry has grown significantly
 we believe the market is still in its early stages which is why we believe the market is
fragmented and lacking a nationally recognized brand of selenium supplements.

Due
to the fragmented market comprised of small players
 many potential customers&rsquo; initial experiences with selenium supplements
are with what we believe to be inferior products
 many of which make unsupportable health claims. According to the Chinese Selenium
Supplements Association
 this has led to a lack of confidence in the selenium supplements among the Chinese people. Therefore
our marketing strategy must include education and strong prudent promotion
 coupled with publicity to build confidence in the
industry and our brands.

We
believe that the quality of our products
 along with our association with top quality manufacturers and chain stores
 will enable
us to compete effectively and gain market share
 as the selenium supplement industry grows.

Our
Growth Strategy

Through
our wholesale and retail operations
 we are currently selling selenium products in Guangdong Province
 Fujian Province
 Zhejiang
Province
 Anhui Province
 Hunan Province
 Shanxi Province
 Hubei Province and the cities of Tianjin
 Shanghai and Shenzhen. We
also have current plans to expand our sales through a combination of retail stores and wholesale chain stores to Jiangsu Province
Jiangxi Province
 Chongqing Province and Sichuan Province. We have begun our efforts to establish a nationwide reach through the
wholesale and retail operations carried on at our home office
 and our immediate plan is to bring intense marketing to regions
where the need for selenium supplements is most pronounced
 by locating dedicated corporate stores in these key markets. The stores
will feature the Jindanli products
 allowing us
 by our pronounced presence
 to bring attention to the issue of selenium deficiency
attract new customers
 and provide customers with the information about the proper use of selenium supplements. The stores will
also function as promoters of the Jindanli brand
 and we believe this will enable us to build our brand as a high quality choice
and become a dominant player in the market.

We
currently have four stores
 strategically located near our large chain customers. We opened our first store
 in Chancheng
 in
September 2014
 and opened two more stores
 in Xiamen and Changsha
 during fiscal year 2015. In June 2016
 we opened our flagship
store in Guangzhou. Also in June 2016
 our Chancheng store moved to Foshan
 our Xianmen store moved to Longyan and our Changshai
store moved to Zhuzhou. Our goal is to open up to 26 new stores in the fiscal year 2017. Each store requires an investment of
300
000 to 400
000 RMB ($47
000 to $62
000) along with working capital of 100
000 to 200
000 RMB ($16
000 to $31
000). &nbsp;



    
    


The
stores do not carry any products that compete against the Jindanli brand products. However
 the stores do carry other quality
selenium products and related health food and other products allowing us to bring attention to the issue of selenium deficiency
attract new customers
 provide them the information about the proper use of selenium supplements and offering a full array of
quality selenium products and other health food and related products to allow customers to increase their understanding of selenium
and one location for their health food and related products. The stores will also function as a training center for the employees
of our large chain customers to support our education and marketing strategy throughout their respective stores with a focus on
the Jindanli brand
 allowing us to fill the void in the selenium industry that lacks any well-known brand.

Corporate
Structure

China
Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc.
 our U.S. parent company (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo; or the &ldquo;U.S. Company&rdquo;) was incorporated
on May 29
 2009 in the State of Nevada under the name Rich Star Development Corporation. On January 8
 2015 the U.S. Company&rsquo;s
corporate name was changed to &ldquo;China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc.&rdquo; The name change was effected as an amendment to its
Articles of Incorporation pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes Section 92A.200.

The
U.S. Company was originally formed for the purpose of sourcing and distributing food products
 paper products
 janitorial products
restaurant utensils and equipment to the food service industry in the PRC. Due to lack of financing
 the U.S. Company never initiated
operations. On December 1
 2014
 control of the U.S. Company was transferred by its management and its primary shareholders to
Mr. Shili Zhang. Mr. Zhang immediately abandoned the U.S. Company&rsquo;s prior business plan and set about causing the U.S. Company
to acquire control of Guangdong Gewang.

Organization
and Acquisition of Biotechnology International and Guangdong Gewang

The
corporate structure of the U.S. Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates was developed through the following steps:


In
                                         June 2010 three individuals (Shili Zhang
 Yun Zeng
 Wei Xu) organized Guangdong Gewang
                                         as a limited liability company in China under the name &ldquo;Guangzhou Qinxiyuan Food
                                         Co.
 Ltd.&rdquo; The registered equity was allocated among the founders thus: Shili Zhang
                                         - 54%
 Yun Zeng - 28%
 Wei Xu - 18%. On December 27
 2011
 the limited liability company
                                         changed its name to Guangzhou Qinxiyuan Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd. Subsequently on July
                                         17
 2013
 the name was changed to Guangdong Gewang Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd. Since the
                                         time of its organization
 Guangdong Gewang has been engaged in the wholesale marketing
                                         of selenium supplements. Since January 2014 it has also engaged in retail marketing of
                                         selenium supplements.


On
                                         June 3
 2014
 Bing Hua Wu
 a resident of the PRC
 organized Hong Kong Gewang in Hong
                                         Kong. Bing Hua Wu organized Hong Kong Gewang at the behest of Shili Zhang
 as the first
                                         step in Mr. Zhang&rsquo;s plan to place Guangdong Gewang under foreign control. The registered
                                         capital of Hong Kong Gewang was 10
000 Hong Kong Dollars. Mr. Zhang established Hong
                                         Kong Gewang to take advantage of tax advantages offered by the government of China to
                                         WFOEs whose equity-owners are Hong Kong residents. On August 29
 2014
 Bing Hua Wu transferred
                                         the capital stock of Hong Kong Gewang to Shili Zhang
 who in turn transferred it to Bin
                                         Wang on October 17
 2014. On January 20
 2015
 Bin Wang transferred the shares to Gao
                                         Yishi Yang
 a resident of Beijing.



    
    



On
                                         March 10
 2015
 Hong Kong Gewang received a Certificate of Approval from the local government
                                         of the PRC approving the establishment of Gewang Selenium as a WFOE wholly owned by Hong
                                         Kong Gewang.


On
                                         March 17
 2015
 Shili Zhang organized Biotechnology International under the BVI Business
                                         Companies Act
 2004 in the British Virgin Islands. Mr. Zhang was appointed Director of
                                         Biotechnology International
 and held 25% of the outstanding shares. The remaining 50
000
                                         shares were purchased for US$1.00 each by nineteen of Mr. Zhang&rsquo;s business associates
                                         none of whom acquired more than 4.9% of the outstanding shares. Mr. Zhang organized a
                                         British Virgin Islands holding company because the tax policies as well as the flexible
                                         corporation laws of the British Virgin Islands are advantageous to residents of the PRC
                                         requiring an offshore holding company.


On
                                         April 2
 2015
 Gao Yishi Yang transferred to Biotechnology International all of the outstanding
                                         shares of Hong Kong Gewang in exchange for 10
000 Hong Kong Dollars.


On
                                         April 6
 2015
 Gewang Selenium
 Guangdong Gewang and the equity owners in Guangdong Gewang
                                         entered into the Variable Interest Entity Agreements (the &ldquo;VIE Agreements&rdquo;)
                                         as a result of which Guangdong Gewang became a controlled affiliate (variable interest
                                         entity) of Gewang Selenium.


On
                                         April 20
 2015
&nbsp;the U.S. Company acquired all of the capital stock of Biotechnology
                                         International through the Share Exchange with the shareholders of Biotechnology International.


On
                                         July 13
 2016
 the U.S. Company's wholly owned subsidiary
 Gewang Selenium
 exercised
                                         its option to purchase all of the registered equity of Guangdong Gewang. The purchase
                                         price paid for the equity was RMB10
000 (approximately $1
500). The equity was purchased
                                         from Shili Zhang
 Yun Zeng and Wei Xu. Shili Zhang was the U.S. Company's CEO until April
                                         8
 2016 and is the father of Mengdi Zhang
 who owned 12.7% of the U.S. Company&rsquo;s
                                         outstanding common stock at the time of the sale on July 13
 2016. The other two sellers
                                         were not affiliated with the U.S. Company. Upon application to the provincial government
                                         for registration of the transfer of equity
 the U.S. Company was informed that Gewang
                                         Selenium would not be permitted to own 100% of Guangdong Gewang. Therefore the parties
                                         modified the exercise of the option to provide that Gewang Selenium would purchase 98%
                                         of the registered equity of Guangdong Gewang. The remaining 2% of the registered equity
                                         was then sold by Yun Zeng to Haiping Wu for a price of RMB200
000 (approximately $30
000)
                                         which equaled 2% of the registered equity of Guangdong Gewang. The acquisition
 as modified
                                         was then approved by the provincial government on August 8
 2016. Prior to the acquisition
                                         Gewang Selenium controlled Guangdong Gewang through a series of contractual agreements
                                         which made Guangdong Gewang a variable interest entity
 the effect of which was to cause
                                         the balance sheet and operating results of Guangdong Gewang to be consolidated with those
                                         of Gewang Selenium in the U.S. Company's financial statements. As a result of the acquisition
                                         by Gewang Selenium of registered ownership of Guangdong Gewang
 the balance sheet and
                                         operating results of Guangdong Gewang will hereafter continue to be consolidated with
                                         those of Gewang Selenium as its majority owned subsidiary and the VIE Agreements are
                                         no longer in effect. &nbsp;The previous non-controlling interest has been reclassified
                                         to additional paid-in-capital.



    
    


Acquisition
of Tianmei Australia and Guangdong Tianmei




    
    
On April 28
 2016
 the Registrant's wholly-owned subsidiary
 Biotechnology International
 entered into an investment agreement with Guangdong Tianmei. The investment agreement provided that Biotechnology International would pay US$1
000
000 to acquire a 30% interest in an Australian corporation to be formed
 which would indirectly own all of the equity in Guangdong Tianmei. On May 6
 2016
 Biotechnology International participated in the organization of Tianmei Beverage Group Corporation Limited (&quot;Tianmei Australia&quot;). &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;




On
                                         May 16
 2016
 Tianmei Australia purchased all of the outstanding shares of Tianmei BVI.
                                         The purchase price paid by Tianmei Australia was US$50
000. The seller was not affiliated
                                         with the Registrant or its subsidiaries. Tianmei BVI
 through its wholly owned subsidiary
                                         a Hong Kong holding company
 owns all of the equity of a wholly foreign-owned subsidiary
                                         organized in the PRC
 which wholly owns Guangdong Tianmei. Guangdong Tianmei was organized
                                         in May 2015
 and is engaged in the business of distributing selenium-rich bottled water
                                         and also functions as a placement agent for a variety of products from various manufacturers
                                         all within the PRC.

Corporate
Structure Chart

Our
organizational structure is as follows:






employees: 5 in human resources
 6 in administration
 7 in accounting
 11 in the purchase department
 4 in logistics
 6 in technology
quality control
 10 in brand management
 8 in the customer center
 7 in the Chairman&rsquo;s office and 66 in external collaboration
which includes our store sales
 training and regional management employees.

PRC
Government Regulations

Because
our operating subsidiary
 Guangdong Gewang
 is located in the PRC
 our business is regulated by the national and local laws of
the PRC. We believe our conduct of business complies with existing PRC laws
 rules and regulations.



    
    


General
Regulation of Businesses

We
believe we are in material compliance with all applicable labor and safety laws and regulations in the PRC
 including the PRC
Labor Contract Law
 the PRC Production Safety Law
 the PRC Regulation for Insurance for Labor Injury
 the PRC Unemployment Insurance
Law
 the PRC Provisional Insurance Measures for Maternity of Employees
 PRC Interim Provisions on Registration of Social Insurance
PRC Interim Regulation on the Collection and Payment of Social Insurance Premiums and other related regulations
 rules and provisions
issued by the relevant governmental authorities from time to time.

According
to the PRC Labor Contract Law
 we are required to enter into labor contracts with our employees. We are required to pay no less
than local minimum wages to our employees. We are also required to provide employees with labor safety and sanitation conditions
meeting PRC government laws and regulations and carry out regular health examinations of our employees engaged in hazardous occupations.

Foreign
Currency Exchange

The
principal regulation governing foreign currency exchange in China is the Foreign Currency Administration Rules (1996)
 as amended
(2008). Under these Rules
 the RMB is freely convertible for current account items
 such as trade and service-related foreign
exchange transactions
 but not for capital account items
 such as direct investment
 loan or investment in securities outside
China unless the prior approval of
 and/or registration with
 the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People&rsquo;s
Republic of China
 or SAFE
 or its local counterparts (as the case may be) is obtained.

Pursuant
to the Foreign Currency Administration Rules
 foreign invested enterprises
 or FIEs
 in China may purchase foreign currency without
the approval of SAFE for trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions by providing commercial documents evidencing
these transactions. They may also retain foreign exchange (subject to a cap approved by SAFE) to satisfy foreign exchange liabilities
or to pay dividends. In addition
 if a foreign company acquires a subsidiary in China
 the acquired company will also become an
FIE. However
 the relevant PRC government authorities may limit or eliminate the ability of FIEs to purchase and retain foreign
currencies in the future. In addition
 foreign exchange transactions for direct investment
 loans and investment in securities
outside China are still subject to limitations and require approvals from
 and/or registration with
 SAFE.

Dividend
Distributions

Under
applicable PRC regulations
 FIEs in China may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits
 if any
 determined in accordance
with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition
 a FIE in China is required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax
profit based on PRC accounting standards each year as as general reserve until the cumulative amount of such reserves reach 50%
of its registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends.

The
Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementing rules generally provide that a 10% withholding tax applies to China-sourced income
derived by non-resident enterprises for PRC enterprise income tax purposes unless the jurisdiction of incorporation of such enterprises&rsquo;
shareholder has a tax treaty with China that provides for a different withholding arrangement. Gewang Selenium is considered a
FIE and is directly held by our subsidiary in Hong Kong
 Hong Kong Gewang. According to a 2006 tax treaty between the Mainland
and Hong Kong
 dividends payable by an FIE in China to a company in Hong Kong that directly holds at least 25% of the equity interest
in the FIE will be subject to a withholding tax of no more than 5%. We expect that such 5% withholding tax will apply to dividends
paid to Hong Kong Gewang by Gewang Selenium
 but this treatment will depend on our status as a non-resident enterprise.



    
    


Item
1A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Risk Factors

Investing
in our common stock involves risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information
contained in this Report
 including the financial statements and the related notes
 before deciding whether to purchase any shares
of our common stock. If any of the following risks is realized
 our business
 financial condition or operating results could materially
suffer. In that event
 the trading price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment.

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS

Our
management has limited experience in managing and operating a public company. Any failure to comply with federal securities laws
rules or regulations could subject us to fines or regulatory actions
 which may materially adversely affect our business
 results
of operations
 financial condition and the market price of our stock.

Our
management personnel have no prior experience managing and operating a public company. They will rely in many instances on the
professional experience and advice of third parties
 including our attorneys and accountants. None of the members of our management
staff were educated and trained in U.S. business systems
 and we may have difficulty hiring new employees in the PRC with such
training. As a result
 we may experience difficulty in establishing management
 legal and financial controls
 collecting financial
data and preparing financial statements
 books of account and corporate records and instituting business practices that meet U.S.
standards. This may result in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls
 which could impact the
reliability of our financial statements and prevent us from complying with the SEC rules and regulations. Failure to comply with
any laws
 rules
 or regulations applicable to our business may result in fines or regulatory actions
 which may materially adversely
affect our business
 results of operation
 or financial condition and could result in delays in development of an active and liquid
trading market for our common stock. To the extent that the market place perceives that we do not have a strong financial staff
and financial controls
 the market for
 and price of
 our stock may be impaired.

During
the past two fiscal years
 management has identified material weaknesses in our internal controls
 including:


The
                                         relatively small number of employees who are responsible for accounting functions prevents
                                         us from segregating duties within our internal control system; &nbsp;



Our
                                         internal financial staff lack expertise in identifying and addressing complex accounting
                                         issues under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles;



Our
                                         executive officers are not familiar with the accounting and reporting requirements of
                                         a U.S. public company; and



We
                                         have not developed sufficient documentation concerning our existing financial processes
                                         risk assessment and internal controls.

We
plan to continue to address these deficiencies by nominating independent directors including a &ldquo;financial expert&rdquo;
highly experienced in internal control systems and creating an Audit Committee to address these material weaknesses. Pursuant
to an Audit Committee Charter
 which we plan to adopt
 the members of the Audit Committee will recommend to management concrete
actions to address each material weakness and review the impact of such actions to remedy the deficiencies in our internal controls.



    
    


We
depend on our partnership with the Academy for the development and conduct of our business. Any interference with that partnership
could jeopardize our ability to conduct our business.

The
formulas for our proprietary selenium products have been developed by the Academy of Agricultural Sciences of Shandong Province
which licenses to us the right to market and sell these products. The Academy also identifies the manufacturers of our products
and provides technical expertise to those manufacturers. If we are unable to maintain the current arrangement with the Academy
we could lose the right to sell our products and our relationships with our contract manufacturers as well as our general reputation
could suffer. If the Academy provides the formula or otherwise cooperates with any of our competitors
 we could lose the competitive
advantage inherent in our current arrangements with the Academy. Also
 if the Academy decides to discontinue its work further
developing selenium formulas
 our potential for further growth could suffer.

We
rely on a single manufacturer to manufacture each of our three products. Events that interfere with any manufacturer&rsquo;s ability
to fill our orders could damage our business.

We
currently depend on three contracted manufacturers
 one to manufacture each of the three products that we sell. If any significant
problems occur at the production facility of one of our third-party manufacturers
 our ability to deliver that manufacturer&rsquo;s
products could be adversely affected. If any of our contract manufacturers are unable to maintain adequate manufacturing and shipping
capacity
 timely delivery of products of acceptable quality could become problematic. Our inability to meet our customers&rsquo;
demand for our products could have a material adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Additionally
if the prices charged by any of our contractors increase for reasons such as increases in labor costs
 our cost of manufacturing
would increase
 adversely affecting our operations. We require our contract manufacturers to meet our standards in terms of product
quality and other matters. A failure by any of our contract manufacturers to meet these standards
 to adhere to labor or other
laws or to diverge from our mandated practices
 and the potential negative publicity relating to any of these events
 could harm
our business and reputation.

The
lack of expertise in U.S. GAAP among the staff of our finance department could result in errors in our filings.

The
books and records of Guangdong Gewang
 our operating entity
 are maintained in accordance with bookkeeping practices that are
customary in China. The financial statements of Guangdong Gewang and Gewang Selenium are prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in China. The staff of our finance department
 which prepares those financial statements
 has experience
with Chinese GAAP
 but very limited experience with U.S. GAAP. Therefore
 in order to file with the SEC consolidated financial
statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP
 we have engaged an independent consultant who makes the adjustments to the financial
statements of Guangdong Gewang and Gewang Selenium necessary to achieve compliance with U.S. GAAP
 and performs the consolidation
required to produce the consolidated financial statements of China Gewang. Because that consultant
 who is not present in our
executive offices
 is the only participant in the preparation of our financial statements possessing a familiarity with U.S. GAAP
there is a risk that the persons responsible for the initial classifications of the elements of our financial results will err
in making those classifications
 which will cause our reported financial statements to be erroneous. Any such errors
 besides
being misleading to investors
 could result in subsequent restatements
 which could have an adverse effect on the perception of
the U.S. Company among investors.



    
    


We
may not be able to meet the internal control reporting requirements imposed by the SEC resulting in a possible decline in the
price of our common stock and our inability to obtain future equity or debt financing.

As
directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 the SEC adopted rules requiring each public company to include a report of
management on its internal controls over financial reporting in its annual reports. Although the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act exempts&nbsp;emerging growth companies from the requirement that our independent registered public
accounting firm attest to our financial controls
 this exemption does not affect the requirement that we include a report of management
on our internal control over financial reporting and does not affect the requirement to include the independent registered public
accounting firm&rsquo;s attestation when&nbsp;we cease to be an emerging growth company. For the fiscal year ending November 30
2016
 we were not subject to the requirement that we include an attestation report
 as&nbsp;we are an emerging growth company.

While
we expect to expend significant resources in developing the necessary documentation and testing procedures required by Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 there is a risk that we may not be able to comply timely with all of the requirements imposed by
this rule. Regardless of whether we are required to receive a positive attestation from our independent registered public accounting
firm with respect to our internal controls
 if we are unable to do so
 investors and others may lose confidence in the reliability
of our financial statements and our stock price and ability to obtain equity or debt financing as needed could suffer.

In
addition
 in the event that our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to rely on our internal controls in connection
with its audit of our financial statements
 and in the further event that it is unable to devise alternative procedures in order
to satisfy itself as to the material accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures
 it is possible that we would
be unable to file our Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC
 which could also adversely affect the market for and the market
price of our common stock and our ability to secure additional equity or debt financing as needed.

The
residents of China have only recently begun to use supplements to offset selenium deficiency in their diets. We cannot
 therefore
predict the potential market for our products. If the market fails to develop adequately
 our financial results will be insufficient
to produce a profitable return for our investors.

Selenium
deficiency has been a problem in eastern China for centuries
 and the relationship of selenium deficiencies to Keshan Disease
has long been known. Until recently
 efforts to alleviate selenium deficiency have been limited to changes in diet
 the introduction
of selenium-rich foods
 where available. The use of selenium supplements
 such as those sold by Guangdong Gewang is relatively
recent. For that reason
 we cannot know the extent to which we will be able to develop a sizeable market for our supplements.
As food production and transportation rapidly increases in China
 selenium-rich foods will become available to more of the residents
of eastern China
 where the problem of selenium deficiency is most acute. If Chinese people prefer to alter their diets to include
imported selenium-rich foods
 the demand for our selenium supplements will be reduced. In addition
 concerns among the population
about the possibility of harm from ingestion of excessive selenium could reduce demand for our products. If we are not able to
persuade a sizeable market that use of selenium supplements is a safe
 cost-effective method of avoiding selenium deficiency
our company will not grow.



    
    


The
loss of the services of our key employees
 particularly the services rendered by Li Wang
 our Chief Executive Officer
 could harm
our business.

Our
success depends to a significant degree on the services rendered to us by our key employees. If we fail to attract
 train and
retain sufficient numbers of these qualified people
 our prospects
 business
 financial condition and results of operations will
be materially and adversely affected. In particular
 we are heavily dependent on the continued services of Li Wang
 our chief
executive officer. We currently do not have key employee insurance for our officers and directors. The loss of any these key employees
including members of our senior management team
 and our inability to attract highly skilled personnel with sufficient experience
in our industry could harm our business.

We
require highly qualified personnel and
 if we are unable to hire or retain qualified personnel
 we may not be able to grow effectively.

Our
future success also depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Expansion of our business and the
proposed growth of our business will require additional managers and employees with industry experience
 and our success will
be highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain skilled management personnel and other employees. We may not be able
to attract or retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for skilled marketing and administrative personnel is significant.
This competition may make it more difficult and expensive to attract
 hire and retain qualified managers and employees.

Product
liability claims could materially impact operating results and profitability.

Excessive
ingestion of selenium can have serious harmful effects on an individual. We intend to use our best efforts to educate our customers
regarding the proper amount of selenium to add to their diets. If
 however
 an individual intentionally or inadvertently ingests
too much selenium and is injured
 we may be subject to a lawsuit for damages. Such lawsuits could drain our financial resources
particularly as we do not presently carry any product liability insurance or business interruption insurance. Lawsuits by customers
may also distract the time and attention of our management. In addition
 a product liability claim
 regardless of merit or eventual
outcome
 could result in damage to our reputation
 decreased demand for our products
 product recalls and loss of revenue.

Government
regulation or other influences may cause us to disclose the formulas for our products
 which could assist our competitors in producing
copies of our products.

We
have a significant competitive advantage in the Jindanli brand
 which represents a group of products available only from Guangdong
Gewang. The exclusive quality of our products
 which is comprised of the formula for each
 is known only to Guangdong Gewang
our manufacturers
 and our colleagues at the Academy of Agricultural Sciences of Shandong Province. However
 because excess ingestion
of selenium is known to be harmful
 it may occur that one or more government bodies will mandate that the selenium content of
our products must be disclosed. In addition
 disclosure of the selenium content of our products may occur as a result of malfeasance
by employees
 accidental disclosure
 or litigation. If the formula for our products becomes known in our industry
 we will lose
the competitive advantage that comes with being the exclusive source for the Jindanli products.

Our
inability to protect our trademarks and license rights may prevent us from successfully marketing our products and competing effectively.

Failure
to protect our intellectual property could harm our brands and our reputation
 and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively.
Further
 enforcing or defending our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
 trade secrets
 and our exclusive rights
with the Academy to our product formulas could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. We
produce
 market and sell our products under the brand &ldquo;Jindanli&rdquo;. We regard our intellectual property
 particularly
our trademarks and license rights
 to be of considerable value and importance to our business and our success. There can be no
assurance that the steps taken by us to protect these proprietary rights will be adequate or that third parties will not infringe
or misappropriate our trademarks or the formulas for our products.



    
    


RISKS
RELATED TO DOING BUSINESS IN CHINA

Uncertainties
with respect to the PRC legal system could limit the legal protections available to you and us.

We
conduct substantially all of our business through our operating subsidiary and affiliate in the PRC. Our operating subsidiary
is generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China and
 in particular
 laws applicable to
foreign-invested enterprises. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes
 and prior court decisions may be cited for reference
but have limited precedential value. Since 1979
 a series of new PRC laws and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections
afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China. However
 since the PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve
 the
interpretations of many laws
 regulations and rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws
 regulations and rules
involve uncertainties
 which may limit legal protections available to you and us. In addition
 any litigation in China may be
protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.

The
Registrant is a Nevada holding company and most of our assets are located outside of the United States. All of our current business
operations are conducted in the PRC through Guangdong Gewang. In addition
 all of our directors and officers are nationals and
residents of the PRC
 and the assets of these persons are located outside the United States. As a result
 it may be difficult
for you to effect service of process within the United States upon these persons. It may also be difficult for you to enforce
in U.S. courts judgments on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers and
directors
 most of whom are not residents in the United States and the substantial majority of whose assets are located outside
of the United States. In addition
 there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments
of U.S. courts. China does not have any treaties or other arrangements that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement
of foreign judgments with the United States. In addition
 according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law
 courts in the PRC will not
enforce a foreign judgment against us or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment violates basic principles
of PRC law or national sovereignty
 security or the public interest. So it is uncertain whether a PRC court would enforce a judgment
rendered by a court in the United States

Restrictions
on currency exchange may limit our ability to receive and use our funds effectively.

All
our sales revenue and expenses are denominated in RMB. Under PRC law
 the RMB is currently convertible under the &ldquo;current
account
&rdquo; which includes dividends and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions
 but not under the &ldquo;capital
account
&rdquo; which includes foreign direct investment and loans. Currently
 our PRC operating subsidiary may purchase foreign
currencies for settlement of current account transactions
 including payments of dividends to us
 without the approval of the
State Administration of Foreign Exchange
 or SAFE
 by complying with certain procedural requirements. However
 the relevant PRC
government authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the future. Since a significant amount
of our future revenue will be denominated in RMB
 any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability
to utilize funds denominated in RMB to fund any future business activities outside China or to utilize foreign currencies should
the need to do so arise.



    
    


Foreign
exchange transactions by our PRC operating subsidiary under the capital account continue to be subject to significant foreign
exchange controls and require the approval of or need to register with PRC government authorities
 including SAFE. In particular
if our PRC operating subsidiary borrows foreign currency through loans from us or other foreign lenders
 these loans must be registered
with SAFE
 and if we finance the subsidiary by means of additional capital contributions
 these capital contributions must be
approved by certain government authorities
 including the Ministry of Commerce
 or MOFCOM
 or their respective local counterparts.
These limitations could affect their ability to obtain foreign exchange through debt or equity financing.

Fluctuations
in exchange rates could adversely affect our business and the value of our securities.

The
value of our common stock will be indirectly affected by the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and RMB and between those
currencies and other currencies in which our sales may be denominated. Appreciation or depreciation in the value of the RMB relative
to the U.S. dollar would affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollar terms without there being any underlying change
in our business or results of operations. Fluctuations in the exchange rate will also affect the relative value of any dividend
we issue that will be exchanged into U.S. dollars as well as earnings from
 and the value of
 any U.S. dollar-denominated investments
we make in the future.

In
August 2015
 the PRC government devaluated the RMB by approximately 3.5%
 and from January 2016 through November 2016 the PRC
government devalued its currency by an additional 7.5%. Additional devaluation could occur in the future and affect our results.

Since
July 2005
 the RMB is no longer pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although the People&rsquo;s Bank of China regularly intervenes in the
foreign exchange market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate
 the RMB may appreciate or depreciate
significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. Moreover
 it is possible that in the future PRC authorities
may lift restrictions on fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market.

Very
limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date
 we have not
entered into any hedging transactions. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future
 the availability and effectiveness
of these transactions may be limited
 and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition
 our foreign
currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign
currencies.

Restrictions
under PRC law on our PRC subsidiary&rsquo;s ability to make dividend and other distributions could materially and adversely affect
our ability to grow
 make investments or complete acquisitions that could benefit our business
 pay dividends to you
 and otherwise
fund and conduct our businesses.

Substantially
all of our revenues are earned by our PRC subsidiary. However
 PRC regulations restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiary to make
dividend and other payments to its offshore parent company. PRC legal restrictions permit payments of dividend by our PRC subsidiary
only out of its accumulated after-tax profits
 if any
 determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations.
Our PRC subsidiary is also required under PRC laws and regulations to allocate at least 10% of our annual after-tax profits determined
in accordance with PRC GAAP to a statutory general reserve fund until the amounts in said fund reaches 50% of our registered capital.
Allocations to the statutory reserve funds can only be used for specific purposes and are not transferable to us in the form of
loans
 advances or cash dividends. Any limitations on the ability of our PRC subsidiary to transfer funds to us could materially
and adversely limit our ability to grow
 make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business
 pay dividends
and otherwise fund and conduct our business.



    
    


Under
the Enterprise Income Tax (the &ldquo;EIT&rdquo;) Law
 we may be classified as a &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; of China. Such
classification will likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC stockholders.

Under
the New Income Tax Law
 enterprises established outside the PRC whose &ldquo;de facto management bodies&rdquo; are located in
the PRC are considered &ldquo;resident enterprises&rdquo; and their global income will generally be subject to the uniform 25%
enterprise income tax rate. On December 6
 2007
 the PRC State Council promulgated the Implementation Regulations on the New Income
Tax Law
 which define &ldquo;de facto management bodies&rdquo; as bodies that have material and overall management control over
the business
 personnel
 accounts and properties of an enterprise. In addition
 a circular issued by the State Administration
of Taxation on April 22
 2009 provides that a foreign enterprise controlled by a PRC company or a PRC company group will be classified
as a &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; with its &ldquo;de facto management bodies&rdquo; located within the PRC if the following
requirements are satisfied:


the
                                         senior management and core management departments in charge of its daily operations function
                                         mainly in the PRC;


its
                                         financial and human resources decisions are subject to determination or approval by persons
                                         or bodies in the PRC;


its
                                         major assets
 accounting books
 company seals
 and minutes and files of its board and
                                         shareholders&rsquo; meetings are located or kept in the PRC; and


more
                                         than half of the enterprise&rsquo;s directors or senior management with voting rights
                                         reside in the PRC.

Because
the EIT Law
 its implementing rules and the recent circular are relatively new
 no official interpretation or application of this
new &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; classification is available. Therefore
 it is unclear how tax authorities will determine
tax residency based on the facts of each case.

If
the PRC tax authorities determine that we are a &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; for PRC enterprise income tax purposes
 a number
of potentially unfavorable PRC tax consequences could follow. First
 we may be subject to the enterprise income tax at a rate
of 25% on any worldwide taxable income as well as PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. In our case
 this would mean
that non-China source income would be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25%. Second
 although under the EIT Law
and its implementing rules dividends paid to us from our PRC subsidiary would qualify as &ldquo;tax-exempt income
&rdquo; we cannot
guarantee that such dividends will not be subject to a 5% withholding tax
 as the PRC foreign exchange control authorities
 which
enforce the withholding tax
 have not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing of outbound remittances to entities that
are treated as resident enterprises for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. Finally
 it is possible that future guidance issued
with respect to the new &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; classification could result in a situation in which a 10% withholding
tax is imposed on dividends we pay to our non-PRC stockholders and with respect to gains derived by our non-PRC stockholders from
transferring our shares.

If
we were treated as a &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; by PRC tax authorities
 we would be subject to taxation in both the U.S.
and China
 and our PRC tax may not be creditable against our U.S. tax.



    
    


If
the China Securities Regulatory Commission (&ldquo;CSRC&rdquo;) or another PRC regulatory agency determines that CSRC approval
was required in connection with the reverse acquisition of Biotechnology International
 the reverse acquisition may be unwound
or we may become subject to penalties.

On
August 8
 2006
 six PRC regulatory agencies
 including the CSRC
 promulgated the Provisions Regarding Mergers and Acquisitions
of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors (the &ldquo;M&amp;A Rule&rdquo;)
 which became effective on September 8
 2006. The
M&amp;A Rule
 among other things
 requires that an offshore company controlled by PRC companies or individuals that have acquired
a PRC domestic company for the purpose of listing the PRC domestic company&rsquo;s equity interest on an overseas stock exchange
must obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of such offshore company&rsquo;s securities on an overseas
stock exchange. In addition
 when an offshore company acquires a PRC domestic company
 the offshore company is generally required
to pay the acquisition consideration within three months after the issuance of the foreign-invested company license unless certain
ratification from the relevant PRC regulatory agency is obtained. On September 21
 2006
 the CSRC
 pursuant to the M&amp;A Rule
published on its official web site procedures specifying documents and materials required to be submitted to it by offshore companies
seeking CSRC approval of their overseas listings.

We
believe the M&amp;A Rule mandating CSRC approval for acquisition of a PRC domestic company by an offshore company controlled by
PRC companies or individuals should not apply to our reverse acquisition of Biotechnology International because none of Biotechnology
International
 Hong Kong Gewang or Gewang Selenium was a &ldquo;Special Purpose Vehicle&rdquo; or an &ldquo;offshore company controlled
by PRC companies or individuals&rdquo; at the moment of acquisition.&nbsp;Because we believe the M&amp;A Rule does not apply
we have not sought approval from the CSRC or any other agency
 including MOFCOM for the reverse acquisition of Biotechnology International.
However
 if the PRC regulatory authorities take the view that the reverse acquisition of Biotechnology International constituted
a &ldquo;round-trip investment&rdquo; without MOFCOM approval
 they could invalidate our acquisition and ownership of Biotechnology
International. We cannot make any assurance in such a case&nbsp;that we would be able to obtain the approval required from MOFCOM.

Failure
to comply with PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject
our PRC resident shareholders to personal liability
 limit our ability to acquire PRC companies or to inject capital into our
PRC subsidiary
 limit our PRC subsidiary&rsquo;s and affiliate&rsquo;s ability to distribute profits to us or otherwise materially
adversely affect us.

On
July 4
 2014
 SAFE issued the Notice on Issues Relating to the Administration of Foreign Exchange for Overseas Investment and
Financing and Reverse Investment by Domestic Residents via Special Purpose Vehicles
 or Circular 37
 which replaced the Notice
on Issues Relating to the Administration of Foreign Exchange for the Financing and Reverse Investment by Domestic Residents via
Offshore Special Purpose Vehicles issued by SAFE in October 2005
 or Circular 75. Pursuant to Circular 37
 any PRC residents
including both PRC institutions and individual residents
 are required to register with the local SAFE branch before making any
contribution to a company set up or controlled by the PRC residents outside of the PRC for the purpose of overseas investment
or financing with their legally owned domestic or offshore assets or interests
 referred to in this circular as a &quot;special
purpose vehicle.&quot; Under Circular 37
 the term &quot;PRC institutions&quot; refers to entities with legal person status or
other economic organizations established within the territory of the PRC. The term &quot;PRC individual residents&quot; includes
all PRC citizens (also including PRC citizens abroad) and foreigners who habitually reside in the PRC for economic benefits. A
registered special purpose vehicle is required to amend its SAFE registration in the event of any change of basic information
including PRC individual resident shareholder
 name
 term of operation
 or PRC individual resident's increase or decrease of capital
transfer or exchange of shares
 merger
 division or other material changes. In addition
 if a non-listed special purpose vehicle
grants any equity incentives to directors
 supervisors or employees of domestic companies under its direct or indirect control
the relevant PRC individual residents could register with the local SAFE branch before exercising such options. The SAFE simultaneously
issued a series of guidances to its local branches with respect to the implementation of Circular 37. Circular 37 modified certain
defined terms under Circular 75 to clarify the SAFE registration scope. For example
 Circular 37 broadened the definition of special
purpose vehicle to offshore entities that were (i) established for the purpose of overseas investments by PRC residents (in addition
to for the purpose of financing as defined under Circular 75) and (ii) established by PRC residents with their legally owned offshore
assets or interests (in addition to domestic assets or interests as defined under Circular 75); and it also broadened the definition
of reverse investment to include establishing new foreign invested entities or projects as a way of domestic direct investment
by PRC residents
 directly or indirectly
 through a special purpose vehicle
 which was excluded by Circular 75. Furthermore
 Circular
37 modified certain SAFE registration procedures and requirements for special purpose vehicles and clarified the SAFE registration
procedures for equity incentive awards granted by non-listed special purpose vehicles to directors
 supervisors or employees of
their controlled domestic companies.



    
    


We
have advised our shareholders who are PRC residents
 as defined in Circular 37 
 to register with the relevant branch of SAFE
as currently required
 in connection with their equity interests in us and our acquisitions of equity interests in our PRC subsidiary
and affiliate. However
 as SAFE registration is a personal obligation of each shareholder
 we cannot provide any assurances that
their existing registrations have fully complied with
 and they have made all necessary amendments to their registration to fully
comply with
 all applicable registrations or approvals required by Circular 37. Moreover
 because of uncertainty over how Circular
37 will be interpreted and implemented
 and how or whether SAFE will apply it to us
 we cannot predict how it will affect our
business operations or future strategies. For example
 our present and prospective PRC subsidiaries&rsquo; ability to conduct
foreign exchange activities
 such as the remittance of dividends and foreign currency-denominated borrowings
 may be subject to
compliance with Circular 37 by our PRC resident beneficial holders. In addition
 such PRC residents may not always be able to
complete the necessary registration procedures required by Circular 37. We also have little control over either our present or
prospective direct or indirect shareholders or the outcome of such registration procedures. A failure by our PRC resident beneficial
holders or future PRC resident shareholders to comply with Circular 37
 if SAFE requires it
 could subject these PRC resident
beneficial holders to fines or legal sanctions
 restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities
 limit our subsidiaries&rsquo;
ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure
 which could adversely affect our business and
prospects.

Additionally
in October of 2016
 the Interim Measures for the Administration of the Establishment and Record Alteration of Foreign Investment
Enterprises (&ldquo;Interim Measures&rdquo;) took effect and now mandates that WFOEs
 among other types of PRC domiciled companies
must register with MOFCOM and request MOFCOM&rsquo;s approval for any change in ownership by foreign investors. Neither our U.S.
parent company nor our operating subsidiary
 Guangdong Gewang
 are affected by the Interim Measures
 but our subsidiary Gewang
Selenium is subject to the Interim Measures as a WFOE. As such
 any change in ownership of Gewang Selenium would require the approval
of MOFCOM
 and such approval cannot be guaranteed. Any failure to seek approval of any change in ownership of Gewang Selenium
could create liability affecting our U.S. parent company
 and the potential barrier in changing the ownership structure of the
U.S. parent and its subsidiaries owned by Gewang Selenium could limit opportunities for restructuring. Gewang Selenium has already
registered its current ownership with MOFCOM prior to the effective date of the Interim Measures
 so under the U.S. Company&rsquo;s
current corporate structure
 the Interim Measures will not affect our business. Gewang Selenium does not have any material operations
and we plan to retain the current ownership structure under Gewang Selenium&rsquo;s existing registration with MOFCOM in order
to avoid any risk.



    
    


We
may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Chinese anti-corruption law
 and any determination that
we violated these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We
are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 (&ldquo;FCPA&rdquo;) and other laws that prohibit improper payments or
offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers for the purpose
of obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject to Chinese anti-corruption laws
 which strictly prohibit the payment of
bribes to government officials.

We
principally have operations
 agreements with third parties and make sales in China
 which may experience corruption. Our activities
in China create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of the employees or consultants of our company
because these parties are not always subject to our control. We believe that to date we have complied in all material respects
with the provisions of the FCPA and Chinese anti-corruption law. However
 our existing safeguards and any future improvements
may prove to be less than effective
 and the employees
 consultants or distributors of our Company may engage in conduct for which
we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA or Chinese anti-corruption law may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions
and we may be subject to other liabilities
 which could negatively affect our business
 operating results and financial condition.
In addition
 the government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor liability FCPA violations committed by companies
in which we invest or that we acquire.

Lack
of bank deposit insurance in the PRC puts our cash balances at risk of loss
 the loss of which could have a material adverse effect
on our business.

We
maintain bank accounts in China the balances of which are not insured and are not protected by U.S. FDIC insurance or&nbsp;other
insurance. As of January 9
 2017 we held the equivalent of approximately $14
921
000 in US Dollars in bank accounts in China.
If a Chinese bank holding our funds were to experience insolvency or closure
 it may not permit us to withdraw our funds
 which
would result in a loss of such funds
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

RISKS
RELATED TO THE MARKET FOR OUR STOCK

There
is only a very limited market for our Common Stock.

While
our common stock is listing for quotation on the OTCQB
 there is currently little trading in our common stock. We cannot provide
any assurances as to if or when an active market will develop for our common stock.

Registrant
is an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging
growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors.

We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; or &ldquo;&rdquo;EGC&rdquo; as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act
of 2012
 or the JOBS Act. We will remain an EGC until the earlier of: the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual
gross revenues of $1.0 billion or more; the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during
the previous three years; the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC; or November
30
 2019 (i.e.
 five years from the closing of our initial public offering).



    
    


An
emerging growth company may take advantage of reduced reporting requirements that are otherwise applicable to public companies.
These provisions include
 but are not limited to:


not
                                         being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of
                                         the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended;



reduced
                                         disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports 
 proxy
                                         statements and registration statements; and



exemptions
                                         from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation
                                         and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

We
have elected to take advantage of certain of the reduced disclosure obligations in this Report and may elect to take advantage
of other reduced reporting requirements in our future filings with SEC.

The
Jobs Act also provides that we can take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting
standards. Thus
 an EGC can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to
private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this extended transition period and
 as a result
 we may not adopt new
or revised accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.

We
cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock
price may be more volatile when trading occurs.

For
so long as we are an emerging growth company
 we may rely on certain exemptions provided in the JOBS Act
 including reduced disclosure
regarding executive compensation
 not seeking an advisory vote with respect to executive compensation and not requiring our independent
registered public accounting firm to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 which could
make our common stock less attractive to investors due to the nature of the reduced disclosure.

We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company
&rdquo; as defined in the JOBS Act. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company
we are permitted and plan to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies. These exemptions include not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 or SOX Section 404
 not being required to comply with any requirement that
may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the
auditor&rsquo;s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements
 reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation
and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In this Report
 we have not included all of
the executive compensation related information that would be required if we were not an emerging growth company
 nor have we included
an audit report on our internal controls. We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive if we
rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading
market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. In addition
 the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth
company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows
an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to
private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this extended transition period and
 as a result
 we may not adopt new
or revised accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.



    
    


If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports or publish unfavorable research about our business
 the price
and trading volume of our common stock could decline.

The
trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish
about us or our business. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by securities and industry analysts.
If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us
 the trading price for our common stock and other securities would
be negatively affected. In the event we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage
 if one or more of the analysts who covers
us downgrades our securities
 the price of our securities would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases to cover
us or fails to publish regular reports on us
 interest in the purchase of our securities could decrease
 which could cause the
price of our common stock and other securities and their trading volume to decline.

If
our common stock becomes a &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; you may have greater difficulty selling your shares.

Penny
stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00
 other than securities registered on certain national securities
exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system
 provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such
securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. Our common stock may become a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; within the
meaning of the rules
 as the rules apply to us and to our securities if we are not listed on a national securities exchange. These
rules may further affect the ability of owners of shares to sell our securities in any market that might develop for them. As
long as the trading price of our common stock is less than $5.00 per share
 even if our common stock is quoted on either the OTCQX
or OTCQB market place operated by the OTC Markets
 our common stock will be subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act (the
&ldquo;Penny Stock Rules&rdquo;). The Penny Stock Rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock
 to deliver
a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC
 that:


contains
                                         a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both
                                         public offerings and secondary trading;



contains
                                         a description of the broker&rsquo;s or dealer&rsquo;s duties to the customer and of the
                                         rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties
                                         or other requirements of securities laws;



contains
                                         a brief
 clear
 narrative description of a dealer market
 including bid and ask prices
                                         for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price;



contains
                                         a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions;


defines
                                         significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks;
                                         and


contains
                                         such other information and is in such form
 including language
 type
 size and format
                                         as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation.



    
    



 prior
to effecting any transaction in a penny stock
 the customer with: (a) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; (b) the compensation
of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply
or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) a monthly account statements
showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. In addition
 the penny stock rules require
that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written
determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written acknowledgment
of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement
 a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks
 and a signed and dated
copy of a written suitably statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the
secondary market for our stock it becomes designated as a Penny Stock.

Because
we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock
 our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their
shares unless they sell them.

We
currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends
 our stockholders will not be
able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. There is no assurance that stockholders will be able to sell shares
when desired.

Item
1B.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Unresolved Staff Comments

Not
applicable.

Item
2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Properties

Because
our business is exclusively sales
 we require only modest real property to operate. Our home office in Guangzhou houses both our
administrative functions and our marketing operations. We lease that property for an annual fee of 600
000 RMB ($93
660)
 with
a lease termination date of July 1
 2017. &nbsp;Our flagship store is leased for an annual fee of 960
000 RMB ($143
701)
 with
a lease termination date of May 31
 2017.

We
lease the properties that house our home office
 flagship store and three other stores under the following terms:



    
    
    

    

000 RMB 
000)
July 1
 2017

    

000 RMB
000)
May 31
 2017

    

000 RMB
000)
May 31
 2017

    

000 RMB
000)
May 31
 2017

    

000 RMB
000)
May 31
 2017


Item
3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Legal Proceedings



Item
4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not
Applicable.



    
    


PART
II

Item
5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Market For Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities.

(a)
Market Information

The
Registrant&rsquo;s common stock was first quoted on the OTC Pink Market on April 24
 2015. Since September 26
 2016 it has been
quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;CGWB.&rdquo; The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the prices of
the common stock
 as reported by the OTC Markets. Such prices are inter-dealer bid and asked prices
 without markup
 markdown
commissions
 or adjustments
 and may not represent actual transactions.




    
    

Quarter
    Ending
    
    

May
    31
 2015
    
    

August
    31
 2015
    
    

November
    30
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

February
    29
 2016
    
    

May
    31
 2016
    
    

August
    31
 2016
    
    

November
    30
 2016
    
    


(b)
Shareholders

Our
shareholders list contains the names of 2
074 registered stockholders of record of the Registrant&rsquo;s Common Stock.

Our
stock transfer agent is Island Stock Transfer: 15500 Roosevelt Blvd.
 Suite 301
 Clearwater
 Florida 33760; (727) 289-0010.

(c)
Dividends

The
Registrant has never paid or declared any cash dividends on its Common Stock and does not foresee doing so in the foreseeable
future. The Registrant intends to retain any future earnings for the operation and expansion of the business. Any decision as
to future payment of dividends will depend on the available earnings
 the capital requirements of the Registrant
 its general
financial condition
 legal restrictions and other factors deemed pertinent by the Board of Directors.

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

The
Registrant had no securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans as of November 30
 2016.



    
    


(e)
Performance Graph 

The
following Performance Graph and related information shall not be deemed &quot;soliciting material&quot; or deemed to be &quot;filed&quot;
with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under
the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 except to the extent that we specifically incorporate such
information by reference into such filing.

The
graph below presents a comparison of the annual (or partial-year) change in the cumulative total return on our common stock
 over
the period from April 24
 2015 (when our common stock was first traded publicly) to November 30
 2016
 with the cumulative total
return of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the Russell Microcap Index over the same period. The graph assumes an investment of $100
in our common stock and in each of the indices at the closing price on April 24
 2015 and assumes all dividends were reinvested.
The figures set forth in the graph have been calculated based on the closing prices on the last trading day for each period indicated.

Comparison
of Cumulative Total Return

Assumes
Initial Investment of $100

(f)
Sale of Unregistered Securities

The
Registrant did not issue any unregistered equity securities during the 4

(g)
Repurchase of Equity Securities

The
Registrant did not repurchase any shares of its common stock during the 4



    
    


Item
6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Selected Financial Data

The
consolidated selected balance sheet data as of November 30
 2016 and 2015 and the consolidated selected statements of operations
data for the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 set forth below have been derived from our audited consolidated financial
statements included in this Report
 and should be read in conjunction with those financial statements (including the notes thereto).
The consolidated selected balance sheet data as of November 30
 2014 and 2013 and the consolidated selected statements of operations
data for the year ended November 30
 2013 have been derived from audited consolidated financial statements not included herein
but which were previously filed with the SEC.

Consolidated
Statements of Operations Data
(in
thousands
 except per share data)



    



    
    
    
    
    

    
45
519
4
184
2
368
1
468

    
16
754
2
998
1
643
    

    
12
098
1
633
1
019
    

    
12
113
1
647
1
022
    

    
13
574
1
189
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
65
441
40
944
35
500
    

    
    
    
    
    


Consolidated
Balance Sheet Data
(in
thousands
 except per share data)



    



    
    
    
    
    

    
13
108
8
669
3
013
2
289

    
36
203
9
361
3
220
2
371

    
    
    
    
    

    
4
815
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




    
Financial information for the years ended and as of
November 30
 2014 and 2013 are derived from the financial statements of Guangdong Gewang Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd. included in the
Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 21
 2015. The Registrant acquired control of Guangdong Gewang Biotechnology
Co
 Ltd. on April 20
 2015.




    
    


Item
7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis

Results
of Operations for the Year Ended November 30
 2016 Compared with the Year Ended November 30
 2015

The
following table sets forth key components of our results of operations during the years ended November 30
 2016 and 2015
 and
the percentage changes between 2016 and 2015.




    
Fiscal
Year

(US $)
Fiscal
Year

(US $)
    
%

    
45
519
999
4
184
255
    

    
(28
765
888
(1
186
461
2
325

    
16
754
111
2
997
794
    

    
3
044
135
836
040
    

    
1
005
385
528
627
    

    
605
816
    
    

    
4
655
336
1
364
667
    

    
12
098
775
1
633
127
    

    
14
868
13
508
    

    
12
113
643
1
646
635
    

    
3
075
733
457
922
    

    
4
536
760
    
    

    
13
574
670
1
188
713
1
042

    
(326
213
(61
790
    

    
13
348
457
1
126
923
1
075






519
999
for the fiscal year ended November 30
 2016 from $4
184
255 for the year ended November 30
 2015
 an increase of $41
335
744 or
988%. We did not increase the prices of any of our products. However
 we have begun to wholesale products manufactured by other
companies through our distribution network and have also increased the volume of sales of our Jindanli branded products. Since
March 2016
 we have signed agreements with eight distributors to distribute selenium products to hundreds of retail stores
 and
we made net sales of selenium and selenium-related products totaling $41
160
605 to these distributors during fiscal year 2016.
The following factors had the greatest impact on our increase in sales:



    
    
Total wholesale sales
 including of our Jindanli branded products and products manufactured by other companies
 to our distribution network of 16 wholesale customers and distributors by our headquarters marketing personnel increased by $38
215
165
 primarily due to an increase in the number of sales personnel during fiscal year 2016.



Of
                                         the total increase in wholesale sales during the year ended November 30 2016
 $32
559
461
                                         was attributable to the wholesale of 89 selenium product types manufactured by other
                                         companies. In fiscal year 2015
 we did not wholesale any products other than our Jindanli
                                         branded products. Of the total increase in wholesale sales during fiscal year 2016
 $32
559
461
                                         is attributable to new wholesale customers. Since March 2016
 we have signed agreements
                                         with eight distributors to distribute selenium products to hundreds of retail stores
                                         and this expansion of our customer base has greatly increased our volume of sales.



Of
                                         the total increase in wholesale sales during the year ended November 30
 2016
 $5
654
374
                                         is attributable to an increase in the volume of our three Jindanli branded selenium supplements
                                         from $2
945
440 during fiscal year 2015
 an increase of 192%. The increase is related
                                         to an expansion of our sales staff
 which has increased the volume of sales of our existing
                                         products.



    
    



Retail
                                         sales increased by $3
085
289
 or 249% during the year ended November 30
 2016. Due to
                                         increased rent and unsatisfactory pedestrian flow
 we closed our Changcheng
 Xiamen and
                                         Changsha stores on May 31
 2016 and opened stores in Foshan
 Longyan and Zhuzhou and
                                         a flagship store in Guangzhou on June 1
 2016. The new stores are located in areas with
                                         better pedestrian flow
 resulting in a sharp increase in retail sales. In addition
 the
                                         new stores stock an inventory of over 90 selenium products
 whereas the previous stores
                                         stocked only our three selenium supplements.

During
the summer of 2016
 we commenced franchising the use of our trademark
 name identification and other business resources. The franchisees
were required to pay us a franchise fee and monthly management fees. During the year ended November 30
 2016
 two franchisees
signed with us. However
 we terminated the franchises in the fall of 2016 and do not plan to carry on franchise operations in
the near future.

The
following table shows the source of our revenue in the comparable periods:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
8
599
814
    
2
945
440
    

    
32
559
461
    
    
    

    
241
466
    
505
406
    

    
265
612
    
621
025
    

    
196
419
    
93
618
    

    
161
315
    
18
766
    

    
485
773
    
    
    

    
431
392
    
    
    

    
411
304
    
    
    

    
2
130
683
    
    
    

    
35
290
    
    
    

    
45
519
999
    
4
184
255
    


Gross
Profit

For
the past three years we have sold our three selenium supplements
 and only in March 2016 began to resell a wide variety of selenium-related
products that we purchase at wholesale. After increasing over the past two fiscal years
 the unit prices that we pay to our manufacturers
for the selenium supplements stabilized in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. As a result
 our gross margin for selenium supplements
was not significantly changed: 71.4% in fiscal year 2016 compared to 71.6% in fiscal year 2015. However
 the selenium-related
products that we resold during fiscal year 2016 yielded a gross margin of only 25%. As a result
 our overall gross margin during
fiscal year 2016 declined to 36.8% from 71.6% recorded on the sale of selenium supplements alone during fiscal year 2015.

Selling
expenses

Our
selling and marketing expenses increased by 459% to $3
044
135 for the year ended November 30
 2016 from $836
040 for the year
ended November 30
 2015. Our selling expenses include rent
 transportation expenses
 advertising expenses and salaries incurred
for the sales function
 all of which will tend to increase as our sales increase. In fiscal 2016
 we incurred RMB 3
790
000 (US$574
000)
in advertising expense
 which is significantly higher than we incurred in the past. We are committed to paying our current rate
of advertising costs until March 31
 2017.



    
    


General
and administrative expenses


(&ldquo;G&amp;A&rdquo;) expenses increased by 90% to $1
005
385 for the year ended November 30
 2016 from $528
627 for the year
ended November 30
 2015. The largest components of our G&amp;A expenses are the salaries of administrative personnel and fringe
benefits provided to all of our staff. The change in G&amp;A expenses occurred primarily as a result of the expansion of our business
over the prior year
 as reflected in the growth of our sales
 which led to increases in travel and entertainment expenses. In
addition
 to enable us to manage our expanding operations
 we added administrative personnel.

Income
from operations



sales generated a material increase in our gross profit
 our operating income increased by 640% to $12
098
775 for the year ended
November 30
 2016
 from $1
633
127 for the year ended November 30
 2015.


 our
other income for the years ended November 30
 2016 and 2015 consisted of interest income earned on our bank balances of $14
868
and $13
508. Our pre-tax income
 therefore
 was $12
113
643 and $1
646
635 for the years ended November 30
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

Net
income


our pre-tax income
 our provision for income taxes increased by 639% to $3
075
733 for the year ended November 30
 2016 from $457
922
for the year ended November 30
 2015.&nbsp;In this period


536
760
 representing our
30% interest in the net income reported by Tianmei Australia for the year ended November 30
 2016. After deducting the provision
for income taxes and adding equity in income of investee
 China Gewang reported net income before noncontrolling interests of
$13
574
670 and $1
188
713 for the year ended November 30
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.


 2016
 the VIE
Agreements assigned to Gewang Selenium 95% of the net income of Guangdong Gewang. On August 8
 2016
 Gewang Selenium purchased
98% of the registered equity of Guangdong Gewang. Our non-controlling interest
 therefore
 was reduced from 5% to 2%. We recorded
a deduction for noncontrolling interests of $326
213 and $61
790 for the years ended November 30
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
after which our net income attributable to common stockholders was $13
248
457 ($0.20 per share) and $1
126
923 ($0.03 per share)
for the years ended November 30
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

Foreign
Currency Translation Adjustment

Our
reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. Our local currency
 the Renminbi (RMB)
 is our functional currency. Results of operations
and cash flow are translated at average exchange rates during the period being reported upon
 and assets and liabilities are translated
at the unified exchange rate as quoted by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China on the balance sheet date. Translation adjustments
&nbsp;years
ended November 30

 foreign currency translation adjustments of $(1
455
633)
and $(315
020)
 respectively
 have been reported as other comprehensive loss in the consolidated statement of income and comprehensive

 2016 was primarily due to devaluation of the PRC currency of
approximately 3.5% in August 2015 and further devaluations aggregating 7.5% through November 2016. Additional devaluations could
occur in the future and affect our results.



    
    


RMB
is not freely convertible into the currency of other nations. All such exchange transactions must take place through authorized
institutions. There is
 therefore
 no guarantee the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted into US dollars at the
rates used in translation. Substantially all of our assets are located in the PRC which makes it difficult for any funds to be
utilized outside the PRC.

Results
of Operations for the Year Ended November 30
 2015 Compared with the Year Ended November 30
 2014

he
following table sets forth key components of our results of operations during the years ended November 30
 2015 and 2014
 and
the percentage changes between 2015 and 2014.



    




    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
4
184
255
2
368
016
    

    
(1
186
461
(725
449
    

    
2
997
794
1
642
567
    

    
836
040
473
670
    

    
528
627
150
154
    

    
1
364
667
623
824
    

    
1
633
127
1
018
743
    

    
13
508
2
900
    

Income
before provision for income taxes
1
646
635
1
021
643
    

    
457
922
264
553
    

    
1
188
713
757
090
    

    
(61
790
(38
952
    

    
1
126
923
718
138
    


Our
sales increased to $4
184
255 for the year ended November 30
 2015 from $2
368
016 for the year ended November 30
 2014
 an increase
of $1
816
239 or 77%. In addition to the beneficial effects of our marketing efforts
 the primary causes of the increase were:


Increased
                                         demand for our products allowed us to implement a 30% increase in our wholesale prices.
                                         Our average unit price in and before March 2014 was $81 (RMB 500) and increased to $105
                                         (RMB 650) from April 2014.



During
                                         the first half of fiscal 2014
 our sales were made exclusively from the head office
                                         mostly to wholesale customers but with modest retail sales. During the latter part of
                                         fiscal 2014
 we increased retail sales from our head office and opened our first physical
                                         store in Chancheng. In June 2015
 we opened a second store in Xiamen. In October 2015
                                         we opened a third store in Changsha. Retail sales were 30% and 18% of total sales for
                                         the years ended November 30
 2015 and 2014. The retail average unit selling price during
                                         fiscal 2015 was $222 (RMB 1
380).



    
    



The
following table shows the source of our revenue in the comparable periods:



    
Year ended Nov. 30
 2015
Year Ended Nov. 30
 2014

    
    
    
    
    

    
2
945
440
    
1
930
057
    

    
505
406
    
380
368
    

    
621
025
    
57
591
    

    
93
618
    
    
    

    
18
766
    
    
    

    
4
184
255
    
2
368
016
    


Gross
&nbsp;Our cost of sales increased during the two years ended November 30
 2015 due to increased unit prices
paid to our manufacturers. Although our cost for &quot;Organic Selenium Powder&rdquo; increased by 44% in April 2014
 the increase
in cost for our two best selling products was less than the 30% overall increase in our sales price: our unit purchase price for
the &ldquo;Xikang Capsule&rdquo; increased by 22% to $35; the unit purchase price of our &ldquo;Xizhi Capsule&rdquo; increased
by 25% to $32. Therefore
 our gross profit margin increased by 2% to 71.6% for the year ended November 30
 2015.

Selling
&nbsp;Our selling expenses increased by 77% to $836
040 for the year ended November 30
 2015 from $473
670 for
the year ended November 30
 2014. Our selling expenses will not increase in strict proportion to an increase in sales
 because
a large component of our selling expenses is a fixed license fee that we pay to the Shandong Academy of Agriculture for use of
the selenium formulae developed by the Academy. On the other hand
 our selling expenses include rent
 transportation expenses
advertising expenses and salaries incurred for the sales function
 all of which will tend to increase as our sales increase. In
addition
 one specific reason for the increase in our selling expenses was the opening of our retail stores in Foshan
 Xiamen
and Changsha since September 2014.

General
&nbsp;Our general and administrative (&ldquo;G&amp;A&rdquo;) expenses increased by 252% to
$528
627 for the year ended November 30
 2015 from $150
154 for the year ended November 30
 2014. The largest components of our
G&amp;A expenses are the salaries of administrative personnel and government-mandated benefits provided to all of our staff. The
change in G&amp;A expenses from year to year occurred primarily as a result of the expansion of our business in the past year
as reflected in the growth of our sales.

Pre-tax
&nbsp;Because our operating expenses increased at a faster rate than our gross profit during the year ended November
30
 2015
 our operating income increased by only 60%
 to $1
633
127 in the year ended November 30
 2015 from $1
018
743 in the
year ended November 30
 2014
 respectively
 less than the 83% increase in our gross profit.

As
we have very little debt
 our only other income consisted entirely of interest income earned on our bank balances: $13
508 and
$2
900 during the years ended November 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. Our pre-tax income
 therefore
 was $1
646
635 and $ 1
021
643
for the years ended November 30
 2015 and 2014 respectively.

Net
&nbsp;Due to the 61% increase in our pre-tax income for year ended November 30
 2015
 our provision for income
taxes increased to $457
922 for the year ended November 30
 2015 from $264
553 for the year ended November 30


 2015 and 2014. After
deducting the provision for income taxes and noncontrolling interests
 China Gewang reported net income before noncontrolling
interests of $1
188
713 and $757
090 for the years ended November 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. Because the VIE Agreements
assigned to Gewang Selenium only 95% of the net income of Guangdong Gewang
 we recorded a deduction for noncontrolling interests
after which our net income attributable to common stockholders was $1
126
923 ($0.02 per share) for the year ended November 30
2015 and $718
138 ($0.02 per share) for the year ended November 30
 2014.

.
&nbsp;years ended November 30

foreign currency translation adjustments of $(315
020) and $1
333
 respectively
 have been reported as other comprehensive income

30
 2015 was primarily due to devaluation of the PRC currency of approximately 3.5% in August 2015. Additional devaluations could
occur in the future and affect our results.


the currency of other nations. All such exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. There is
 therefore
no guarantee the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted into US dollars at the rates used in translation. Substantially
all of our assets are located in the PRC which makes it difficult for any funds to be utilized outside the PRC.



    
    


Liquidity
and Capital Resources



at November 30
 2016
 our only debt was $237
639 in loans from a stockholder and $228
238 in loans from a third party
 all of
which consisted of US Dollars loaned to pay our administrative expenses in the U.S.


30
 2016
 the increase in our working capital was approximately equal to the sum of our net income for the period less net income
attributable to the increase in value of our investment in Guangdong Tianmei
 supplemented by the proceeds of two private placements
of common stock (together generating net proceeds of $9
848
200). Our working capital as of November 30
 2016 was $25
145
721
which represented an increase of $16
256
017 during fiscal year 2016. The approximation of our net income from the operations
of Guangdong Gewang (plus capital paid-in during the period) to the increase in our working capital occurs because our operations
which involve no manufacturing and limited real estate
 require very modest capital investments and
 as a result
 almost all of
our assets (other than our investment in Guangdong Tianmei) and all of our liabilities are current. Until we further implement
our plan to open a series of dedicated retail stores
 which will add depreciable capital assets to our balance sheet
 net income
should continue to increase our working capital.

For
the same reasons
 during the year ended November 30
 2015
 the increase in working capital was approximately equal to the sum
of our net income for the year and the proceeds of a private placement of common stock for $5
000
000. Our working capital as
of November 30
 2015 was $8
889
704
 which represented an increase of $5
839
436 during the fiscal year then ended.

For
the year ended November 30
 2016
 our principal investing activity was the purchase of a 30% interest in Tianmei Australia for
$995
811. In addition
 we purchased equipment for $123
352. Our investing cash flows for the years ended November 30
 2015 and
2014 consisted of the purchase of fixed assets for $52
485 and $6
676
 respectively. As we develop our physical presence by investing
in retail stores
 cash used in investing activities will increase
 and may require expansion of our cash flows from financing
activities.

For
the years ended November 30
 2016 and 2015
 our financing activities provided $9
848
200 and $5
000
000
 respectively
 which represented
the proceeds of two private placements of our common stock during fiscal year 2016 and one during fiscal year 2015. We had no
financing activities during the year ended November 30
 2014.


30
 2016
 although we recorded net income of $13
574
670
 our operations used $2
835
968 in net cash. The primary reasons for
the difference were:


Our
                                         net income included $4
536
760 attributable to our investment in Guangdong Tianmei
 which
                                         represents our 30% equity interest in the net income of Guangdong Tianmei for the year.



The marked increase in our sales volume during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 caused our accounts receivable
balance at November 30
 2016 to significantly increase by approximately $10
937
143. All of these receivables have been collected
since the fiscal year-end.




In
                                         anticipation of further growth
 we increased the balance of our prepaid expenses by $5
338
682
                                         to assure delivery of inventories as needed. Included in that amount was $4
929
890 in

                                         Those prepaid fees will be amortized over the terms of our distribution agreements. 



    
    



partially offset by a $3
367
174 increase in our accounts payable and a $725
217 increase in our tax payable
 both of which reflect
the growth in our operations.

In
contrast
 during the year ended November 30
 2015
 when the level of our operations was modest
 our operations yielded $1
188
713
in net income and provided $1
037
620 in cash
 as the increase in our accounts receivable during that year was modest. Likewise
our operations for the year ended November 30
 2014 yielded $793
656 in net income and provided $728
904 in cash.

We
have no long-term debt or any debt other than to our shareholder. Our most significant capital commitments for the next year are:


Our
                                         greatest capital commitments in the long term are our quarterly payments to the Academy
                                         for a selenium enrichment technology and research research related to advanced selenium-enrichment
                                         techniques. Currently
 we have committed to paying the Academy RMB 600
000 (US$86
724)
                                         per year for the next four years for selenium-enrichment technology and RMB 4
000
000
                                         (US$578
160) quarterly for research related to advanced selenium-enrichment techniques
                                         for the next ten years. We expect to fund these fees from operations.



In
                                         the short term
 over the next year we expect to renew all of our current leases
 which
                                         will require prepayment of RMB 2
820
000 (US$407
603)
 which we expect to pay from operations.
                                         We also hope to open up to 26 new retail stores
 which will require a capital commitment
                                         of US$2
309
000.



During
                                         fiscal year 2016 we expended $4
607
301 on promotion fees to distributors. These fees
                                         are generally paid up front on an annual basis. Because of the increase in our sales
                                         which we believe has resulted in part from our sales team seeking out new wholesale customers
                                         and paying these promotion fees
 we plan to spend more on promotion fees in the upcoming
                                         fiscal year. We have projected that we could spend up to RMB 58
104
000 (US$8
398
000)
                                         in promotion fees in the 2017 fiscal year.

We
have ample cash and our operations are profitable. In addition
 we expect our recent success in collecting our entire accounts
receivable balance within 60 days to be replicated
 due to our close relationship with our customers. For these reasons
 we do
not anticipate incurring significant additional debt.&nbsp;&nbsp;Therefore
 our liquidity should be adequate to sustain the full
implementation of our business plan for at least the next twelve months and the foreseeable future. We intend to apply a portion
of our cash resources to an increase in the number of distributors with which we have relationships. Since the settlement period
for payment of invoices by the distributors is
 in some cases
 as long as 90 days
 our cash resources will be needed to offset
the gap between the cash collections and cash payments.

Application
of Critical Accounting Policies

In
preparing our financial statements
 we are required to formulate working policies regarding valuation of our assets and liabilities
and to develop estimates of those values.&nbsp;In our preparation of the financial statements for fiscal 2016
 there was one estimate
made which was (a) subject to a high degree of uncertainty and (b) material to our results:&nbsp;



    
    
The determination
 described in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements
 to record as an asset the
full value of prepaid promotional fees totaling $4
275
602 included in our prepaid expenses at November 30
 2016. The determination
was based on our prior experience with the distributors to whom the fees were paid and our expectation of the continuation of those
relationships.



We
made no material changes to our critical accounting policies in connection with the preparation of financial statements for fiscal
2016.



    
    


Operating
Segments 

We
have performed an internal analysis to identify the our reportable operating segments. Various factors were assessed and we concluded
that all streams of revenue use the same resources (management
 HR
 fixed assets
 advertising
 etc.). The chief operating decision
maker is only provided with a breakdown of wholesale and retail revenues. Due to the operations and management being the same
for both revenue streams
 we believe that segmental reporting is not required.

Impact
of Recent Accounting Pronouncements

New
accounting rules and disclosure requirements can significantly impact the comparability of our financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Please
refer to Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.



 the FASB issued ASU 2016-12 (Subtopic
606)
&rdquo; The new standards address that an entity should recognize revenue
to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects
to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15
 2017 and interim and annual reporting periods thereafter (which equates to January 1
 2018 for public entities with a December
31 year-end). Revenue is recognized when a company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service
to a customer
 which is when the customer obtains control of that good or service. We are currently evaluating the impact of our
pending adoption of the new standard on our financial statements.

Except
for the foregoing ASU
 there were no recent accounting pronouncements that we expect to have a material effect on the Registrant&rsquo;s
financial position or results of operations.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition or results of operations.

Item
7A&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Foreign
Exchange Risk

Substantially
all of our revenues and our expenses are denominated in RMB. We believe the impact of foreign currency risk is not material and
we have not used any forward contracts
 currency borrowings or derivative instruments to hedge our exposure to foreign currency
exchange risk. Although in general our exposure to foreign exchange risks should be limited
 the value of your investment in our
shares will be affected by the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and RMB because the value of our business is effectively
denominated in RMB
 while we use the U.S. dollar as our reporting currency and our common stock is traded in U.S. dollars. The
value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by
 among other things
 changes in China&rsquo;s political
and economic conditions and China&rsquo;s foreign exchange policies.

To
the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into RMB for our operations
 acquisitions or other uses within China
 appreciation
of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we receive from the conversion. To the extent
that we seek to convert RMB into U.S. dollars
 depreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on
the U.S. dollar amount we receive from the conversion. As of November 30
 2016
 we had RMB-denominated cash
 cash equivalents
and short-term investments of RMB90.3 million
 which we recorded as US$13
108
340 on our balance sheet. A 10% change in the exchange
rate between the RMB and the U.S. dollar would result in an increase or decrease of $1
310
834 in the U.S. dollar-denominated
value of this cash
 cash equivalents and short-term investments.

Interest
Rate Risk


rate risk primarily relates to the interest income generated by our cash resources
 which is mostly held in interest-bearing bank
deposits. We have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest risk exposure. Interest-earning instruments
carry a degree of interest rate risk. We have not been exposed
 nor do we anticipate being exposed
 to material risks due to changes
in interest rates. However
 our future interest income may be lower than expected due to changes in market interest rates.



    
    


Item
8.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Financial Statements

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




    
Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

    
Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of November 30
 2016 and 2015.

Consolidated
                                         Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended November 30
 2016
                                         2015 and 2014.

Consolidated
                                         Statement of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the Years Ended November 30
 2016
                                         2015 and 2014.

Consolidated
                                         Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014.

F-10
to F-32
Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements.




    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


To
the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders
of China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc. and Subsidiaries

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
as of November 30
 2016 and 2015
 and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders&rsquo;
equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended November 30
 2016. China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc.
and Subsidiaries&rsquo; management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position
of China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc. and Subsidiaries as of November 30
 2016 and 2015
 and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended November 30
 2016
 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.


 Wei &amp;
Co.
 LLP 

Flushing
 New York

February
10
 2017



    
    


CHINA
GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 



    
November&nbsp;30




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
108
340
8
669
034

    
11
205
011
267
868

    
107
830
156
778

    
5
540
051
201
369

    
    
    

    
29
961
232
9
295
049

    
    
    


 plant and equipment
 net
128
767
65
860

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
110
086
    

    
6
003
412
    

    
    
    

    
36
203
497
9
360
909


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


CHINA
GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED) 




    
    
November&nbsp;30

    
    
November&nbsp;30

    

LIABILITIES
    AND STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Current
    liabilities:
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accounts
    payable
    
    
3
367
174
    
    
    
    
    

Taxes
    payable
    
    
789
370
    
    
    
64
153
    

Accrued
    expenses and other payables
    
    
193
090
    
    
    
175
086
    

Loans
    from third party
    
    
228
238
    
    
    
    
    

Loans
    from stockholder
    
    
237
639
    
    
    
166
106
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    current liabilities
    
    
4
815
511
    
    
    
405
345
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Commitments
    and contingencies
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    equity:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    stock - $0.001 par value
 100
000
000 and&nbsp;&nbsp;75
000
000 shares authorized
 75
000
000 and 45
500
000 shares issued
    and outstanding as of November 30
 2016 and November 30
 2015
 respectively
    
    
75
000
    
    
    
45
500
    

Additional
    paid-in capital
    
    
16
980
102
    
    
    
6
525
743
    

Retained
    earnings
    
    
15
026
053
    
    
    
2
270
416
    

Statutory
    reserve fund
    
    
759
094
    
    
    
281
766
    

Other
    comprehensive (loss)
    
    
(1
707
064
    
    
    
(252
022
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    equity before noncontrolling interests
    
    
31
133
185
    
    
    
8
871
403
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Noncontrolling
    interests
    
    
254
801
    
    
    
84
161
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    stockholders&rsquo; equity
    
    
31
387
986
    
    
    
8
955
564
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

TOTAL
    LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; 
    
    
    
36
203
497
    
    
    
9
360
909
    



See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


CHINA
GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
45
519
999
4
184
255
2
368
016

    
(28
765
888)
(1
186
461)
(725
449

    
    
    
    

    
16
754
111
2
997
794
1
642
567

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
3
044
135
836
040
473
670

    
1
005
385
528
627
150
154

    
605
816
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
4
655
336
1
364
667
623
824

    
    
    
    

    
12
098
775
1
633
127
1
018
743

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
14
868
13
508
2
900

    
    
    
    

    
12
113
643
1
646
635
1
021
643

    
3
075
733
457
922
264
553

    
    
    
    

    
4
536
760
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
13
574
670
1
188
713
757
090

    
(326
213
(61
790
(38
952

    
    
    
    

    
13
248
457
1
126
923
718
138

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
65
441
257
40
944
444
35
500
000


See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


CHINA
GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED)
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
13
574
670
1
188
713
757
090

    
(1
455
633
(315
020
1
333

    
    
    
    

    
12
119
037
873
693
758
423

    
(170
640
(46
039
(39
019

    
    
    
    

    
11
948
397
827
654
719
404



See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


CHINA
GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 



    
Common
    Stock
Additional
    Paid-in Capital
Retained
    Earnings
Noncon-
    trolling Interests
Statutory
    Reserve Fund
Other
    Comprehensive &nbsp;Income (Loss)
    

Balance
November
                                         30
 2013
35
500
1
539
275
592
024
16
113
65
089
61
665
2
309
666

Net
    income
    
    
761
313
22
839
    
    
784
152

Statutory
    reserve
    
    
(76
131
    
76
131
    
    

Other
    comprehensive income
    
    
    
    
    
1
226
1
333

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
November
                                         30
 2014
35
500
1
539
275
1
277
273
38
952
144
454
62
998
3
098
452

Reverse
    merger adjustment
    
(3
532
3
532
    
    
    
    

Issuance
    of Common Stock
10
000
4
990
000
    
    
    
    
5
000
000

Net
    income
    
    
1
126
923
61
790
    
    
1
188
713

Statutory
    reserve
    
    
(137
312
    
137
312
    
    

Other
    comprehensive income
    
    
    
(16
581
    
(315
020
(331
601


See
accompanying notes to the 



    
    


CHINA
GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 



    
Common
    Stock
Additional
    Paid-in Capital
Retained
    Earnings
Noncon-
    trolling Interests
Statutory
    Reserve Fund
Other
    Comprehensive Income (Loss)
    

Balance
November
                                         30
 2015
45
500
6
525
743
2
270
416
84
161
281
766
(252
022
8
955
564

Issuance
    of common stock
29
500
9
818
700
    
    
    
    
9
848
200

Equity
    in excess of purchase price of investee under common control
    
466
652
    
    
    
    
466
652

Acquisition
    of VIE non-controlling interest
    
169
007
135
147
(264
372
(15
492
(25
757
(1
467

Net
    income
    
    
13
113
310

461
360
    
    
13
574
670


Statutory
    reserve
    
    
(492
820
    
492
820
    
    

Other
    comprehensive income (loss)
    
    
    
(26
348
    
(1
429
285
(1
455
633

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
November
                                         30
 2016
75
000
16
980
102
15
026
053

254
801
759
094
(1
707
064
31
387
986


See
accompanying notes to the 


    
    


CHINA
GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
13
574
670
1
188
713
793
656

    
    
    
    

    
52
919
32
121
25
962

    
(4
536
760
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(10
937
143
(267
868
    

    
48
948
(102
782
(53
996

    
(5
338
682
(96
169
(90
470

    
3
367
174
(7
225
    

    
    
(56
930
(14
997

    
725
217
16
824
29
345

    
207
689
330
936
9
410

    
    
    
    

    
(2
835
968
1
037
620
728
904

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(123
352
(52
485
(6
676

    
(995
811
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(1
119
163
(52
485
(6
676

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
9
848
200
5
000
000
    

    
    
    
    

    
9
848
200
5
000
000
    

    
    
    
    

    
(1
453
763
(328
913
1
366

    
    
    
    

    
4
439
306
5
656
222
723
594


 beginning
8
669
034
3
012
812
2
289
218

    
    
    
    


 end
13
108
340
8
669
034
3
012
812


See
accompanying notes to the 


    
    


CHINA
GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
2
543
744
446
012
238
026

    
    
    
    

    
466
652
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
298
938
159
689
6
417


See
accompanying notes to the 


    
    


CHINA
GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS&#9;
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 



    
    



 Inc.
(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 formerly known as Rich Star Development
 was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on
May 29
 2009. From its inception until the closing of the reverse merger described below
 the Company was a development-stage

paper products
 janitorial products
 restaurant utensils and equipment to the food service industry in the PRC.

On
April 20
 2015
 the Company completed a reverse merger transaction through a share exchange with the stockholders of Biotechnology
International Holding Ltd. (&ldquo;Biotechnology International&rdquo;)
 whereby the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding shares
of Biotechnology International in exchange for 32
000
000 shares of its common stock
 representing 90.14% of the issued and outstanding
shares of common stock. As a result of the reverse merger
 Biotechnology International became the Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned
subsidiary and the former Biotechnology International stockholders became our controlling stockholders. The share exchange transaction
was treated as a reverse acquisition
 with Biotechnology International as the acquirer and the Company as the acquired party for
accounting purposes.

On
January 8
 2015
 the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its articles of incorporation to change its name from &ldquo;Rich
Star Development&rdquo; to &ldquo;China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc.&rdquo;

On
July 20
 2016 the Company filed with the Nevada Secretary of State a Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation. &nbsp;The
Certificate of Amendment increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from 75 million to 100 million.

Majority-owned
subsidiary: Guangdong Gewang 

As
a result of the transaction with Biotechnology International
 the Company owns all of the issued and outstanding common stock
of Hong Kong Gewang Holdings Group Limited (&ldquo;Hong Kong Gewang&rdquo;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Biotechnology International
which in turn owns all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Gewang Selenium Enrichment Information Consulting (Shenzhen)
Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Gewang Selenium&rdquo;). Before August 8
 2016
 the Company effectively and substantially controlled Guangdong
Gewang Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Guangdong Gewang&rdquo;) through a series of captive agreements between Guangdong Gewang
and Gewang Selenium. Guangdong Gewang
 incorporated under the laws of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (&ldquo;PRC&rdquo;)
on June 2010
 is primarily engaged in the sale of selenium supplements within the PRC. It is a member of the Chinese Selenium
Supplements Association.



    
    


CHINA
GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS&#9;
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 


ORGANIZATION
                                         (continued)

On
July 13
 2016
 Gewang Selenium exercised its option to purchase all of the registered equity of Guangdong Gewang. The purchase
price paid for the equity was RMB10
000 (approximately $1
500). The equity was purchased from Shili Zhang
 Yun Zeng and Wei Xu.
Shili Zhang was the Company&rsquo;s CEO until April 8
 2016 and is the father of Mengdi Zhang
 who was the beneficial owner of
22.7% of the Company's outstanding common stock at the time of the sale on July 13
 2016. The other two sellers are not affiliated
with the Company.

Upon
application to the provincial government for registration of the transfer of equity
 the Company was informed that Gewang Selenium
would not be permitted to own 100% of Guangdong Gewang. Therefore the parties modified the exercise of the option to provide that
Gewang Selenium would purchase only 98% of the registered equity of Guangdong Gewang. The purchase price paid for the equity was
RMB 9
800 (approximately $1
500). The remaining 2% of the registered equity was then sold by Yun Zeng to Haiping Wu for a price
of RMB 200
000 (approximately $30
400)
 which equaled 2% of the registered equity of Guangdong Gewang. Haiping Wu is a Director
of Guangdong Gewang. The acquisition
 as modified
 was then approved by the provincial government on August 8
 2016.

Prior
to the acquisition
 Gewang Selenium controlled Guangdong Gewang through a series of contractual agreements
 which made Guangdong
Gewang a variable interest entity
 the effect of which was to cause the balance sheet and operating results of Guangdong Gewang
to be consolidated with those of Gewang Selenium in the Company's financial statements. As a result of the acquisition by Gewang
Selenium of registered ownership of Guangdong Gewang
 the balance sheet and operating results of Guangdong Gewang will hereafter
continue to be consolidated with those of Gewang Selenium as its majority-owned subsidiary. &nbsp;The previous non-controlling
interest was reclassified to additional paid-in-capital.


    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


ORGANIZATION
                                         (continued)

Equity
investment: Guangdong Tianmei

On
April 28
 2016
 the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary
 Biotechnology International
 entered into an investment agreement with
Guangdong Tianmei Selenium-Rich Beverage Chain Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Guangdong Tianmei&rdquo;). Guangdong Tianmei was organized in
May 2015
 and is engaged in the business of distributing selenium-rich bottled water and also functions as a placement agent for
a variety of products from various manufacturers
 all within the PRC. The investment agreement provided that Biotechnology International
would pay US$1
000
000 to acquire a 30% interest in an Australian corporation to be formed
 which would indirectly own all of
the equity in Guangdong Tianmei.

The
foregoing acquisition by Biotechnology International of 30% of Tianmei Beverage Group Corporation Limited
 an Australian corporation
(&quot;Tianmei Australia&quot;)
 was completed in May 2016
 at which time Tianmei Australia acquired ownership
 through subsidiaries
of Guangdong Tianmei. The $1
000
000 purchase price was paid in full on June 17
 2016.

As
a result of the entry into the foregoing agreements
 the Company has a corporate structure which is as follows:




    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis
of accounting and presentation

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. The consolidated financial statements include those of the Company and its subsidiaries. All
significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

The
Company uses the equity method of accounting for its equity investments in Tianmei Australia. The investment was under common
control and can be significantly influenced. Under the equity method
 investments are carried at cost and increased or decreased
by the Company&rsquo;s pro-rata share of earnings or losses. The carrying costs of these investments is also increased or decreased
to reflect additional contributions or withdrawals of capital. Any difference in the book equity and the Company&rsquo;s pro-rata
share of the net assets of the investment will be reported as gain or loss at the liquidation of the investment. Losses in excess
of the investments are recorded when the Company is committed to provide additional financial support. The Company uses the equity
method for investment of 30% because the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence over these entities.

All
consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements are presented in United States dollars (&ldquo;US
Dollar&rdquo; or &ldquo;US$&rdquo; or &ldquo;$&rdquo;).

Use
of estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

Foreign
currency translations

Almost
all of the Company assets are located in the PRC. The functional currency for the Company&rsquo;s operations is the Renminbi (&ldquo;RMB&rdquo;).
The Company uses the United States Dollar (&ldquo;US Dollar&rdquo; or &ldquo;US$&rdquo; or &ldquo;$&rdquo;) for financial reporting
purposes. The financial statements of the Company have been translated into US Dollars in accordance with Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&quot;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Update (&quot;ASU&quot;) Section 830
 &ldquo;

All
asset and liability accounts have been translated using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date. Equity accounts
have been translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred. Statements of income (loss) and
comprehensive income (loss)
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows have been translated using the average exchange
rate for the periods presented. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the Company&rsquo;s financial statements are recorded
as other comprehensive income (loss).

The
exchange rates used to translate amounts in RMB into US Dollars for the purposes of preparing the financial statements are as
follows:



    
    
November&nbsp;30
 

 2015

 2014

    
    
    
    
    

    

 except for stockholders&rsquo; equity
 as of year end
    
    
    




    
    



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows for the year presented
    
    
    



For
the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 foreign currency translation adjustments of $(1
455
633)
 $(315
020)
 and $1
333
respectively
 have been reported as other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) of the Company consists
entirely of foreign currency translation adjustments.



    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

Foreign
currency translations (continued)

Although
PRC government regulations now allow convertibility of the RMB for current account transactions
 significant restrictions still
remain. Hence
 such translations should not be construed as representations that the RMB could be converted into US Dollars at
that rate or any other rate.

The
value of the RMB against the US Dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by
 among other things
 changes in the
PRC&rsquo;s political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of the RMB may materially affect the Company&rsquo;s
financial condition in terms of US Dollar reporting. In August 2015
 the PRC devalued its currency by approximately 3.5%; in January
2016 the PRC devalued its currency by an additional 0.5%; from February 2016 to November 2016
 the PRC devalued its currency by
an additional 7%. Further devaluations of its currency could occur.

Revenue
recognition

Revenues
are primarily derived from selling selenium supplements and selenium products to wholesale customers
 contract distributors
 and
&rdquo;
The Company recognizes revenue when the following fundamental criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
(ii) delivery has occurred
 (iii) the price paid by the customer is fixed or determinable and (iv) collection of the resulting
account receivable is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue for sales upon transfer of title to the customers. Customer
purchase orders and/or contracts are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping documents and the completion
of any customer acceptance requirements
 when applicable
 are used to verify product delivery. The Company assesses whether a
price is fixed or determinable based upon the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject
to refund or adjustment. For manufacturing defects identified by customers at acceptance
 the Company will return the goods to
the manufacturer and receive replacements. The Company has no product returns or sales discounts and allowances because goods
delivered and accepted by customers are not returnable. 

Wholesale
Revenue


upon receipt at the distributors&rsquo; locations
 as determined by the specific sales terms.



    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

Revenue
recognition (continued)

Wholesale
Revenue (continued)

The
Company pays distributors certain incentives for promoting and placing its products
 which allows the Company to quickly expand
its distribution network and sales volume. The costs associated with these incentives is deducted from gross revenue in the consolidated
statements of income and comprehensive income

Retail
Revenue

Company-operated
retail store revenues are recognized when payment is tendered at the point of sale.

Franchise
Revenue

In
June 2016
 the Company commenced franchising the use of the Company's trademark
 name identification and other business resources.
The franchisee is required to pay franchise fees and management fees to the Company. Franchise fees are recognized only when all
material services or conditions relating to the sale have been substantially performed or satisfied by the Company. In September
2016
 the Company terminated its two franchise agreements for marketing reasons. The Company returned the total franchise fees
to the franchisees and kept the management fees of $35
290 as per the termination agreements.


for the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 were comprised as follows:




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
8
600
092
2
945
440
1
930
057

    
    
36
306
396
    
    

    


(3
745
883
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

 net
41
160
605
2
945
440
1
930
057

    
    
2
946
182
    
    

    
    
1
377
922
1
238
815
437
959

    
    
35
290
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
45
519
999
4
184
255
2
368
016



    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

Shipping
costs 

Shipping
costs incurred by the Company are recorded as selling expenses. Shipping costs for the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and
2014 were $96
969
 $44
326 and $27
545
 respectively.

Advertising
costs 

Advertising
costs are charged to operations when incurred. For the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 advertising expenses were
$619
447
 $82
110 and $70
013
 respectively.

Cash
and cash equivalents 

The
Company considers all demand and time deposits and all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or
less to be cash equivalents.

Accounts
receivable 

Accounts
receivable are recorded at the contract amount after deduction of trade discounts and
 allowances
 if any
 and do not bear interest.
The allowance for doubtful accounts
 when necessary
 is the Company&rsquo;s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses
from accounts receivable. The Company determines the allowance based on historical write-off experience
 the level of past-due
accounts based on the contractual terms of the receivable
 the relationship with the customer and current economic conditions.

Account
balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery
is considered remote. The Company does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers.

As
of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 accounts receivable were $11
205
011
 $267
868 and $0
 respectively. The increase is primarily
due to the recent sales with new wholesale distributors which has been subsequently fully collected. Therefore
 the Company determined
that an allowance for doubtful accounts was not necessary. Historically
 the Company did not have any uncollectable accounts receivable.



    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)



Inventory
comprised principally of boxed selenium capsules
 selenium-glossy ganoderma capsules and selenium powder
 is valued at the lower
of cost or market. The value of inventory is determined using the first-in
 first-out method.

The
Company periodically estimates an inventory allowance for estimated unmarketable inventories when necessary. Inventory amounts
are reported net of such allowances
 if any. There were no allowances for inventory as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014.

Fair
value of financial instruments

FASB
ASC 820
 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs
to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent
sources (observable inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:



    
    
Unadjusted quoted market prices for
identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.




    
    
Inputs other than the quoted prices
in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.




    
    
Inputs based on valuation techniques
that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.


ASC
820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.



    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

Fair
value of financial instruments (continued)

The
Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Carrying
values of non-derivative financial instruments
 including cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 inventory
 prepaid expenses
equity investment
 accounts payable
 taxes payable
 accrued liabilities and other payables
 and loan from stockholder
 approximated
their fair values due to the short nature of these financial instruments. There were no changes in methods or assumptions during
the periods presented.

Prepaid
expenses

Prepaid
expenses primarily consist of promotion expenses
 rent
 advertising expenses and licensing fees.


represent prepayments made to resellers for distributing products to retail stores. In March 2016
 the Company entered into agreements
with four distributors. In June
 July and September 2016
 the Company entered into agreements with another four distributors.
Prepaid promotion expenses as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 were $4
275
602
 $0 and $0
 respectively.

On
January 5
 2011
 the Company entered into a license agreement for the technology utilized for the manufacture of its products
from an unrelated third party for five years from January 2011 to December 2015. On December 30
 2015
 the Company renewed the
license agreement for another five years to December 2020 for $90
872 (RMB 600
000) each year. The related prepaid licensing fees
as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 were $7
259
 $7
805 and $8
155
 respectively. The license provides for renewal options.
Since this agreement requires the advance payment of the annual licensing fee
 there were no minimum payments remaining under
this agreement as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014.

On
September 30
 2016
 the Company entered into a six-month agreement with an advertising company for $908
725 (RMB 6
000
000). As
of November 30
 2016
 the unamortized balance of $605
816 was included in prepaid expenses on the balance sheet.



    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

Impairment
of long-lived assets

The
Company applies FASB ASC 360

 Plant and Equipment
&rdquo; which addresses the financial accounting and
reporting for the recognition and measurement of impairment losses for long-lived assets. In accordance with ASC 360
 long-lived
assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
not be recoverable. The Company will recognize the impairment of long-lived assets in the event the net book value of such assets
exceeds the future undiscounted cash flows attributable to those assets. No impairment of long-lived assets was recognized for
the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014.

Statutory
reserve fund

Pursuant
to corporate law of the PRC
 the Company is required to transfer 10% of its net income
 as determined under PRC accounting rules
and regulations
 to a statutory reserve fund until such reserve balance reaches 50% of the Company&rsquo;s registered capital.
The statutory reserve fund is non-distributable other than during liquidation and can be used to fund previous years&rsquo; losses
if any
 and may be utilized for business expansion or used to increase registered capital
 provided that the remaining reserve
balance after use is not less than 25% of registered capital. The statutory reserve fund was $759
094
 $281
766
 and $144
454
as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. As of November 30
 2016
 the required statutory reserve fund has been fully
funded.

Income
taxes

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 740&rdquo;)
which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial
statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized
for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to
reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.



    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


SUMMARY
                                         OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

Income
taxes (continued)

ASC
740 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in
the financial statements. Under ASC 740
 the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is
more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the technical
merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position would be measured based on
the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. ASC 740 also provides guidance
on de-recognition of income tax assets and liabilities
 classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
and accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions. As of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the Company does
not have a liability for any unrecognized tax benefits. The Company&rsquo;s tax filings are subject to examination by the tax
authorities. The tax years of 2103
 2014 and 2015 remain open to examination by tax authorities in the PRC.

The
income tax laws of various jurisdictions in which the Company and its subsidiaries operate are summarized as follows:

United
States

The
Company is subject to United States tax at graduated rates from 15% to 35%. No provisions for income tax in the United States
have been made as the Company had no U.S. taxable income for the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014.

British
Virgin Islands

Biotechnology
International is incorporated in the BVI and is governed by the income tax laws of the BVI. According to current BVI income tax
law
 the applicable income tax rate for the Company is 0%.

Hong
Kong

Hong
Kong Gewang is incorporated in Hong Kong. Pursuant to the income tax laws of Hong Kong
 the Company is not subject to tax on non-Hong
Kong source income.

The
People's Republic of China (&ldquo;PRC&rdquo;)

Gewang
Selenium and Guangdong Gewang are subject to an Enterprise Income Tax at 25% and file their own tax returns.



    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


RECENTLY
                                         ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

In
May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-12 (Subtopic 606)
&rdquo; The new standards
address that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new standard is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017 and interim and annual reporting periods thereafter (which equates to January
1
 2018 for public entities with a December 31 year-end). Revenue is recognized when a company satisfies a performance obligation
by transferring a promised good or service to a customer
 which is when the customer obtains control of that good or service.
We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of the new standard on our financial statements.


 the FASB issued
ASU 2016-02
.&rdquo; The new standard establishes a right-of-use (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;) model that requires
a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases
will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income
statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within
those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing
at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain
practical expedients available. We do not believe this will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements as
currently all leases are prepaid.

In
July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11 (Subtopic 330)
 &ldquo;
&rdquo; which provides
guidance to companies who account for inventory using either the first-in
 first-out (&ldquo;FIFO&rdquo;) or average cost methods.
The guidance states that companies should measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value
is defined as the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016. Early adoption is permitted.
This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements.


    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


RECENTLY
                                         ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (continued)

In
January 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-01 (Subtopic 225-20)
.&rdquo;
This ASU addressed the simplification of income statement presentation by eliminating the concept of extraordinary items. The
amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December
15
 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively
to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied
from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on
the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements.

In
August 2014
 the FASB issued authoritative guidance that requires an entity&rsquo;s management to evaluate whether there are conditions
or events
 considered in the aggregate
 that raise substantial doubt about the entity&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern
and requires additional disclosures if certain criteria are met. This guidance is effective for fiscal periods ending after December
15
 2016
 with early adoption permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s
consolidated financial statements.


RELATED
                                         PARTY TRANSACTIONS




agreement with Guangdong Tianmei
 in which it holds an indirect 30% ownership interest. Promotions expenses incurred during the
year ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 in connection with this relationship were $626
147
 $0
 and $0
 respectively.


The
Company entered into an agreement with Guangdong Tianmei on June 10
 2015 to license the use of the Company&rsquo;s trademark
for 10 years. Trademark revenue recorded for the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 were $1
470
 $0 and $0
 respectively.
The future commitment is approximately $1
500 each year. 

Equity
investment

On
April 28
 2016
 the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary
 Biotechnology International
 entered into an investment agreement with
Guangdong Tianmei. At that time
 88% of the equity in Guangdong Tianmei was owned by two individuals who together directly or
indirectly owned over 60% of the Company's outstanding shares. The investment agreement provided that Biotechnology International
would pay US$1
000
000 to acquire a 30% interest in an Australian corporation to be formed
 which would indirectly own all of
the equity in Guangdong Tianmei.



    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)



RELATED
                                         PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

Equity
investment (continued)

The
acquisition by Biotechnology International of 30% of Tianmei Australia was completed in May 2016
 at which time Tianmei Australia
acquired ownership
 through subsidiaries
 of Guangdong Tianmei. The investment agreement provided that payment of the $1
000
000
purchase price was due on June 20
 2016
 which was paid in full on June 17
 2016.

The
net worth of Guangdong Tianmei at the time of the acquisition was $4
888
840
 30% of which was $1
466
652. Because the Company
and Guangdong Tianmei were under common control at the time of the acquisition
 the $466
652 by which the Company's share of the
net book value of Guangdong Tianmei exceeded the purchase price has been recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital.

The
changes in the equity investment are summarized as follows:



    
    

 2016

 2015

 2014

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
1
466
652
    
    

    
    
4
536
760
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

 end of year
6
003
412
    
    


The
following is a summary of balance sheet of the investee for the year ended November 30
 2016:



    
    
41
948
599

    
    
    

    
    
1
321
713

    
    
    

    
    
14
760
307

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
28
510
005


The
following is a summary of results of operations of the investee for the period from the acquisition date to November 30
 2016:



    
    
41
285
348

    
    
(15
168
370

    
    
(10
994
445

    
    
    

    
    
15
122
533




    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)




The
Company leased its warehouse and office space from an unrelated third party under a one-year operating lease
 which expired on
July 1
 2016. The lease required the Company to prepay the total rent of $90
872 (RMB 600
000) in advance for one year. On June
29
 2016
 the Company renewed the lease
 which commenced on July 2
 2016 and expires on July 1
 2017. 

The
following leases terminated during the year:


The
                                         Company leased its Chancheng store from an unrelated third party. The lease
 which expired
                                         on August 31
 2015
 required the Company to prepay the rent of $41
801 (RMB 276
000)
                                         in advance for one year. The Company renewed this lease to August 31
 2016 and prepaid
                                         the rent of $54
523 (RMB 360
000) in advance for one year. On May 31
 2016
 the Company
                                         terminated the lease with a $4
576 settlement fee. 


The
                                         Company leased its Xiamen store from an unrelated third party. The lease expired on June
                                         1
 2016 and the Company decided not to renew the lease. 


The
                                         Company also leased its Changsha store from an unrelated third party. The lease
 which
                                         was to expire on October 7
 2018
 required the Company to prepay the rent of $63
611
                                         (RMB 420
000) in advance for one year. On May 31
 2016
 the Company terminated the lease
                                         without any settlement fee.

The
following leases remained in effect at November 30
 2016:


The
                                         Company leases its flagship store in Guangzhou from an unrelated third party. The lease
                                         commenced on June 1
 2016 and expires on May 31
 2017. The lease required the Company
                                         to prepay the rent of $145
396 (RMB 960
000) in advance for one year. The Company paid
                                         the rent in June 2016. 


The
                                         Company leases its Foshan store
 Longyan store and Zhuzhou store from three unrelated
                                         third parties. All three leases commenced on June 1
 2016 and expire on May 31
 2017.
                                         These leases each required the Company to prepay the rent of $63
611 (RMB 420
000) in
                                         advance for one year. The Company fully paid the rent in June 2016. Since these leases
                                         require the advance payment of the annual rent
 there are no minimum payments remaining
                                         under these leases.


123
and $179
515 at November 30
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. Rent expense for the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 was
$345
315
 $181
125 and $44
501
 respectively.


    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


FIXED
                                         ASSETS

Fixed
assets as of November 30
 2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
125
850
68
733

    
    
121
151
69
714

    
    
12
031
12
936

    
    
    
    

    
    
259
032
151
383

    
    
(130
265
(85
523

    
    
    
    

    
    
128
767
65
860


For
the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 depreciation expense was $52
919 $32
121 and $25
962
 respectively. 




The
Company obtained demand and non-interest bearing loans from a former officer and stockholder
 who resigned from office on April
8
 2016. The loans of $228
238 and $0 at November 30
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 are reflected as loans from third party.
The
Company obtained demand and non-interest bearing loans from one of its stockholders. The loans of $237
639 and $166
106 at November
30
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 are reflected as loans from stockholder.

INCOME
                                         TAXES

The
provision for income taxes for the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 consisted of the following:




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
3
075
733
457
922
264
553

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
3
075
733
457
922
264
553


No
provisions for income taxes in the United States have been made. The Company did not generate any income in the United States
or otherwise have any U.S. taxable income. The Company does not believe that it has any U.S. Federal income tax liabilities with
respect to any transactions that the Company or any of its subsidiaries may have engaged in through November 30
 2016. However
there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service (&ldquo;IRS&rdquo;) will agree with this position
 and therefore the
Company ultimately could be liable for U.S. Federal income taxes
 interest and penalties. The tax years ended November 30
 2015
December 31
 2014
 2013 and 2012 remain open to examination by the IRS.


    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)



INCOME
                                         TAXES (continued)

The
Company did not file on time its U.S. federal income tax returns
 including
 without limitation
 information returns on IRS Form
5471
&rdquo; for the short year
tax return ended November 30
 2015 required to be filed as a result of the change in fiscal year. Failure to furnish any income
tax returns and information returns with respect to any foreign business entity required
 within the time prescribed by the IRS
subjects the Company to certain civil penalties. Management is of the opinion that penalties
 if any
 that may be assessed would
not be material to the consolidated financial statements.


CONCENTRATION
                                         OF CREDIT AND BUSINESS RISKS

Cash
and cash equivalents

Substantially
all of the Company&rsquo;s assets and bank accounts are in banks located in the PRC and are not covered by protection similar
to that provided by the FDIC on funds held in United States banks.

Major
customers

For
the year ended November 30
 2016
 three customers accounted for 48% of total sales. For the year ended November 30
 2015
 no customers
accounted for over 10% of total sales. For the year ended November 30
 2014
 three customers accounted for 35% of revenue. As
of November 30
 2016
 three customers accounted for 64% of trade accounts receivable. As of November 30
 2015
 seven customers
accounted for 90% of accounts receivable. There was no accounts receivable as of November 30
 

Vulnerability
Due to Operations in the PRC

The
Company&rsquo;s operations may be adversely affected by significant political
 economic and social uncertainties in the PRC. Although
the PRC government has been pursuing economic reform policies for more than twenty years
 no assurance can be given that the PRC
government will continue to pursue such policies or that such policies may not be significantly altered
 especially in the event
of a change in leadership
 social or political disruption or unforeseen circumstances affecting the PRC&rsquo;s political
 economic
and social conditions. There is also no guarantee that the PRC government&rsquo;s pursuit of economic reforms will be consistent
or effective. The economy in the PRC has recently started to narrow.


    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


ISSUANCE
                                         OF COMMON STOCK

On
January 18
 2016 the Company sold an aggregate of 12
000
000 shares of common stock to four individuals in a private offering.
&nbsp;None of the purchasers were affiliated with the Company. The purchase price for the shares was three RMB (approximately
US$0.4561) per share
 or a total of 36 million RMB (approximately US$5
473
200). The purchase price was paid by the investors
to Guangdong Gewang
 which at that time was managed by the Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary and accounted for as a variable
interest entity.

On
May 16
 2016 the Company sold an aggregate of 17
500
000 shares of common stock to two entities in a private offering. Neither
of the purchasers were affiliated with the Company. The purchase price for the shares was US$0.25 per share
 or a total of US$4
375
000.
The purchase price was paid by the investors to Guangdong Gewang
 which at that time was managed by a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company and accounted for as a variable interest entity.


COMMITMENTS
                                         AND CONTINGENCIES


 2015
 the Company
entered into a technology usage agreement with the Academy of Agricultural Sciences of Shandong Province (the &quot;Academy&quot;)
for the right of using a non-patented selenium-enrichment technology for its supplements manufacturing. The agreement commenced
on December 30
 2015 and expires on December 29
 2020. Annual fee of RMB 600
000
 approximately $87
000
 is required to be paid
in advance by the agreement before December 30 each year.


 2016
 the Company entered
into a long-term agreement with the Academy. This agreement entitles the Company to the exclusive right of first refusal to use
the research related to advanced selenium-enrichment techniques and technology that the Academy develops. The agreement calls for
annual payments of approximately $2
324
000 (RMB 4
000
000) to be paid on a quarterly basis. For the use of the techniques and/or
technology developed
 there will be additional charges to be negotiated.

On
July 1
 2016
 the Company entered into three year agreements with four of its directors for a total of approximately $15
000 (RMB
110
000) per month.


 2016
 Guangdong Gewang
entered into a Performance Salary Assessment Agreement with the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer (&ldquo;CEO&rdquo;). The
agreement states that the CEO would receive additional monthly compensation of RMB 50
000 (approximately $7
000)
 only when the
monthly net income of Guangdong Gewang exceeds RMB 2
500
000 (approximately $363
000). The agreement commenced on April 8
 2016
and expires on April 7
 2017.


    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


PARENT
                                         COMPANY ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The
following is the condensed financial information of China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc.
 the US parent
 consisting of balance sheets
as of November 30
 2016 and 2015
 and statements of income and cash flows for the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014.

Condensed
Balance Sheets




    
    
    
November&nbsp;30

        
    
    
November&nbsp;30
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Other
    receivable from Guangdong Gewang
    
    
14
848
200
    
    
    
5
000
000
    

    
Investments
    in subsidiaries and VIE
    
    
16
520
171
    
    
    
3
977
483
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
TOTAL
    ASSETS
    
    
31
368
371
    
    
    
8
977
483
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
LIABILITIES
        AND stockholders&rsquo;
        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Current
    liabilities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Accrued
    expenses
    
    
33
375
    
    
    
33
375
    

    
Loans
    from third party
    
    
220
396
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan
    from stockholder
    
    
236
216
    
    
    
156
866
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Total
    current liabilities
    
    
489
987
    
    
    
190
241
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Stockholders&rsquo;
    equity:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Common
    stock
 $0.001 par value
 100
000
000 and 75
000
000 shares authorized
 75
000
000 and 45
500
000 shares issued and outstanding
    as of November 30
&nbsp;&nbsp;2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
    
    
75
000
    
    
    
45
500
    

    
Additional
    paid-in capital
    
    
16
980
102
    
    
    
6
525
743
    

    
Retained
    earnings
    
    
14
771
252
    
    
    
2
270
416
    

    
Statutory
    reserve fund
    
    
759
094
    
    
    
281
766
    

    
Other
    comprehensive (loss) income
    
    
(1
707
064
    
    
    
(252
022
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Total
    stockholder&rsquo;s equity
    
    
30
878
384
    
    
    
8
787
242
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
TOTAL
    LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
    
    
31
368
371
    
    
    
8
977
483
    



    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


PARENT
                                         COMPANY ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)

Condensed
Statements of Income 




    
    
    
Year Ended November 30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
13
358
543
    
    
    
1
310
747
    
    
    
724
555
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
188
852
    
    
    
183
824
    
    
    
6
417
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
13
169
691
    
    
    
1
126
923
    
    
    
718
138
    


Condensed
Statements of Cash Flows




    
    
    
Year Ended November 30

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
13
169
691
    
    
    
1
126
923
    
    
    
718
138
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(13
358
543
    
    
    
(1
310
747
    
    
    
(724
555
    

    
    
    
    
188
852
    
    
    
183
824
    
    
    
6
417
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Cash
 beginning of year
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Cash
 end of year
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
298
938
    
    
    
159
689
    
    
    
6
417
    



    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


PARENT
                                         COMPANY ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)

Basis
of Presentation

The
Company records its investment in its subsidiaries and VIE under the equity method of accounting. Such investments are presented
as &ldquo;Investments in subsidiaries and VIE&rdquo; on the condensed balance sheets and the subsidiaries and VIE profits are
presented as &ldquo;Share of earnings from investments in subsidiaries and VIE&rdquo; on the condensed statements of income.

Certain
information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted. The parent only financial information has been
derived from the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the Company&rsquo;s
consolidated financial statements.

There
were no cash transactions in the US parent company during the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014.

Restricted
Net Assets


the Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries and VIE are restricted in their ability to transfer certain of their net assets to the Company
in the form of dividend payments
 loans or advances. The restricted net assets of the Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries and the
VIE were approximately $31
368
000 and $8
977
000 as of November 30
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.

The
Company&rsquo;s operations and revenues are conducted and generated in the PRC
 and all of the Company&rsquo;s revenues being
earned and currency received are denominated in RMB. RMB is subject to the foreign exchange control regulations in China
 and
as a result
 the Company may be unable to distribute any dividends outside of China due to the PRC foreign exchange control regulations
that restrict the Company&rsquo;s ability to convert RMB into US Dollars.


    
    


CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


FOR THE YEARS
ENDED NOVEMBER 30
 2016

$)


PARENT
                                         COMPANY ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)

Restricted
Net Assets (continued)

Schedule
I of Article 5-04 of Regulation S-X requires the condensed financial information of the parent company to be filed when the restricted
net assets of consolidated subsidiaries exceed 25 percent of consolidated net assets as of the end of the most recently completed
fiscal year. For purposes of the above test
 restricted net assets of consolidated subsidiaries shall mean that amount of the
Company&rsquo;s proportionate share of net assets of consolidated subsidiaries (after intercompany eliminations) which as of the
end of the most recent fiscal year may not be transferred to the parent company by its subsidiaries in the form of loans
 advances
or cash dividends without the consent of a third party. The condensed parent company only financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with Rule 12-04
 Schedule I of Regulation S-X as the restricted net assets of the Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries
exceed 25% of the consolidated net assets of the Company.


SUBSEQUENT
                                         EVENTS


performed subsequent events procedures through February 10
 2017
 which is the date the consolidated financial statements were
available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements



    
    


Item
9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

Not
Applicable.

Item
9A.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Controls and Procedures

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
of the effectiveness of the Registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule13a-15(e) promulgated by
the Securities and Exchange Commission) as of November 30
 2016. The evaluation revealed that there are material weaknesses in
our disclosure controls
 specifically:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 risk assessment and internal controls.&nbsp;


Based
on their evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Registrant&rsquo;s system of disclosure
controls and procedures was not effective as of November 30
 2016.

We
plan to continue to address these deficiencies by nominating independent directors including a &ldquo;financial expert&rdquo;
highly experienced in internal control systems and creating an Audit Committee to address these material weaknesses. Pursuant
to an Audit Committee Charter
 which we plan to adopt
 the members of the Audit Committee will recommend to management concrete
actions to address each material weakness and review the impact of such actions to remedy the deficiencies in our internal controls.

Changes
in Internal Controls
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) identified in connection with the evaluation described in the preceding paragraph that
occurred during the Registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially
affect the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management
of the Registrant is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We have assessed the effectiveness of those internal controls as
of November 30
 2016
 using the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;) Internal
Control &ndash; Integrated Framework (2013) as a basis for our assessment.

Because
of inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems
 no
matter how well designed
 have inherent limitations. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.



    
    


A
material weakness in internal controls is a deficiency in internal control
 or combination of control deficiencies
 that adversely
affects the Registrant&rsquo;s ability to initiate
 authorize
 record
 process
 or report external financial data reliably in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America such that there is more than a remote
likelihood that a material misstatement of the Registrant&rsquo;s annual or interim financial statements that is more than inconsequential
will not be prevented or detected. In the course of making our assessment of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial
reporting
 we identified three material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. These material weaknesses
consisted of:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 risk assessment and internal controls.&nbsp;


We
plan to continue to address these deficiencies by nominating independent directors including a &ldquo;financial expert&rdquo;
highly experienced in internal control systems and creating an Audit Committee to address these material weaknesses. Pursuant
to an Audit Committee Charter
 which we plan to adopt
 the members of the Audit Committee will recommend to management concrete
actions to address each material weakness and review the impact of such actions to remedy the deficiencies in our internal controls.

Because
of the above conditions
 management&rsquo;s assessment is that the Registrant&rsquo;s internal controls over financial reporting
were not effective as of November 30
 2016.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report from the Registrant&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm
regarding internal control over financial reporting.

Item
9B&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Other Information





    
    


PART
III

Item
10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

The
names of our current officers and directors
 as well as certain information about them
 are set forth below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Jun
    Wen
    
    
    
Chairman
    of the Board
    
    

Li
    Wang
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 Director
    
    

Yingping
    Zhang
    
    
    
President
    Chief Operating Officer and Director
    
    

Hai
    Lin
    
    
    
    
    
    

Ruigang
    Guo
    
    
    
    
    
    

Ming
    Cheng
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer and Treasurer
    
    

Lingjing
    Zhao
    
    
    
    
    
    


Biographies
of Officers and Directors

Jun
Wen
General Manager of Nami Kente Group in Hong Kong
 a water processing manufacturer
 specializing in the manufacture of Nanometer
high-energy water-fluctuating machines. From 2009 to 2012
 Mr. Wen served as Researcher and Assistant to the Dean of Beijing Huixia
Scientific Medical School. In 2008 Mr. Wen was employed as Marketing Director of Shanxi Sanbafule Corporation. From 2006 to 2008
he was employed as Marketing Director of Jiutong Market in Hefei
 Anhui Province. In 1988 Mr. Wen was awarded an Executive Master
of Business Administration degree by Shanxi University. We believe Mr. Wen is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors
because of his marketing
 business and research experience as well as his perspective as the Chairman of our largest shareholder.

Li
Wang
 Ltd.
 our operating
subsidiary. She has served as the Registrant's Chief Executive Officer since April 2016. From January 2015 to December 2015
 she
served as Sales Director of By-Health Co.
 Ltd.
 a company specializing in the research and development and production of health
products as well as business services. From 2004 through 2014 Ms. Wang was employed as Chairman of Beijing Tianrun Gewei Trading
Co.
 Ltd.
 a company specializing in the import and export of medical and firefighting rescue products
 where she was responsible
for development strategy
 management policy and budgeting
 as well as operations management. From 1991 through 2003
 Ms. Wang
was employed as Sales Manager for Beijing China Textiles Import and Export (Group) Corporation. In 1991 Ms. Wang was awarded a
Bachelor&rsquo;s degree in economics with a major in International Business Administration by the University of International
Business and Economics in Beijing. From 1998 through 2000
 Ms. Wang did postgraduate study in International Trade at that same
institution. We believe Ms. Wang is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of the experience and perspective
she brings as our Chief Executive Officer and as General Manager of our operating subsidiary as well as her decades of experience
in senior management of Chinese companies.

Yingping
Zhang
 as well as a member of the Board.
After receiving his degree from Bethune Medical University in 1990
 Dr. Zhang was employed as Chief Physician by the Bethune International
Peace Hospital (1991 to 2002)
 Beijing 252 Military Hospital (2003 to 2009) and Chinese People&rsquo;s Liberation Army 153 Hospital
(2010 to 2015). Dr. Zhang currently serves as the Executive Director of the China Selenium Association
 Director of the China
Health Water Association
 Researcher at China&rsquo;s Difficult Disease Research Center
 Secretary General of the Chinese Anti-Cancer
Academy
 Member of the China Trace Element Association
 and Director of the Three High Four Disease Prevention Office. He is also
the designated Successor for the Chief Team Leader and Selenium Application Experts of the China Selenium Supplement Project.
We believe Dr. Zhang is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his experience in the healthcare field
and because of his extensive knowledge of selenium and its medicinal value.



    
    


Hai
Lin
 Ltd. From
2013 to 2014 he was employed as General Manager of Shenzhen Qianhai Chengtai Investment Fund Management Co.
 Ltd. From 2010 to
2013
 Mr. Lin was employed as Vice President of Gaoneng Tiancheng Investment Co.
 Ltd. In 1992 Mr. Lin was awarded a Master&rsquo;s
Degree in Finance by Fudan University. We believe Mr. Lin is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because
of his experience in finance and his strategic insight as an investment professional.

Ruigang
Guo
employed as General Manager of Hangzhou Chunlu Network Technology Co.
 Ltd.
 which supports a members-only trading platform for
rare curios and antiques. From 2007 to 2010
 Mr. Guo served as Senior Partner of the Beijing Alliance PKU Management Consultants
Group. From 2005 to 2007
 Mr. Guo was employed as Senior Consultant by the Beijing Redetac Management and Consulting Limited Liability
Company. Mr. Guo was awarded a Masters Degree in Business Administration by the University of International Business and Economics
in 2005
 and a Bachelor&rsquo;s Degree with a concentration in Economics by the Central University of Finance and Economics in
1997. We believe Mr. Guo is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of more than 20 years experience
in business management and as an expert in professional management practices.

Ming
Cheng
as Financial Manager of the Harbin Power Plant Equipment Corporation. From 2010 to 2013 he was employed as Financial Manager by
Harbin Shanglin Electronics Co.
 Ltd. In 2002 Mr. Cheng was awarded a Bachelor&rsquo;s Degree with a major in financial accounting
by the Central University of Finance and Economics.

Lingjing
Zhao
 our operating subsidiary. In
2015 she was elected to serve as a member of the Registrant&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 a position she resigned on June 27
 2016.
Ms. Zhao has served as Secretary of the Registrant since June 2016. From 2009 to 2012 Ms. Zhao was employed as a Brand Director
by the Guangdong Fangyuan Group
 which marketed cosmetics to the health profession. From 2008 to 2009 Ms. Zhao was employed as
an English translator at the Yuyuan Gardens in Shanghai. In 2008 Ms. Zhao was awarded a Bachelor&rsquo;s Degree by the Central
South University. 

Code
of Ethics

The
Company has not adopted a formal code of ethics applicable to its executive officers. The Company expects to adopt a formal code
of ethics during fiscal year 2017.

Director
Independence

Hai
Lin is the Registrant's only independent directors
 as the term &ldquo;independent&rdquo; is defined by the rules of NASDAQ&nbsp;.


Family
Relationships

There
are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors.

Board
Committees

We
presently do not have an audit committee
 compensation committee or nominating committee or committee performing similar functions
as our management believes that until this point it has been premature at the early stage of our management and business development
to form an audit
 compensation or nominating committee. Until these committees are established
 these decisions will continue
to be made by our Board of Directors. We also
 for the same reason
 do not have an audit committee financial expert. We intend
to recruit an audit committee financial expert and organize the aforementioned committees during fiscal 2017.



    
    


Section
16(a) Compliance

Section
16(a) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 requires that directors and executive officers
 and persons who own beneficially
more than ten percent (10%) of the Registrant's Common Stock
 to file reports of ownership and changes of ownership with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of all filed reports are required to be furnished to the Registrant pursuant to Section
16(a). Based solely on the reports received and on written representations from the reporting persons
 we believe that
 during
the 2016 fiscal year
 our CEO
 Li Wang
 our CFO and Treasurer
 Ming Cheng
 our Secretary
 Lingjing Zhao
 our directors Jun Wen
Hai Lin and Ruigang Guo
 and our 10% stockholders Hong Kong Nuoxin Investment Management Co
 Limited
 Hong Kong Quansheng Holding
Management Co.
 Ltd and China Xin Fu Group Limited filed Form 3s later than is required under Section 16(a).

Item
11.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Executive Compensation

The
following table sets forth all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid by China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc. and its subsidiaries
to its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer during the past three fiscal years. There was no other officer or employee
whose compensation for fiscal year 2016 exceeded $100
000.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
75
218
    
    
    
    
75
218

    
    
40
523
    
    
    
    
40
523

    
    
116
455
    
    
    
    
116
455

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
7
072
    
    
    
    
7
071

    
    
8
960
    
    
    
    
8
960

    
    
13
901
    
    
    
    
13
901






Siu
                                         Mun Kung served as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer during the fiscal
                                         year ended November 30
 2014
 and resigned from those positions on December 1
 2014.
                                         Shili Zhang was appointed Chief Executive Officer on December 1
 2014 in connection with
                                         the closing of his acquisition of controlling interest in the Registrant at that time.
                                         Mr. Zhang resigned from office on April 8
 2016
 and was replaced by Li Wang on that
                                         date. Mr. Zhang also served as Chief Financial Officer from December 1
 2014 to April
                                         20
 2015.

Includes
                                         $17
999 paid to Mr. Zhang during the year ended November 30
 2015 and $98
456 accrued
                                         as of November 30
 2015 and subsequently paid.

Shili
                                         Zhang served as Chief Financial Officer from December 1
 2014 until April 20
 2015. Fengxia
                                         Wu was appointed Chief Financial Officer on April 20
 2015 and served until June 29
                                         2016
 when Ming Cheng was appointed to that position.



    
    


Employment
Agreements

Our
operating subsidiary
 Guangdong Gewang
 is party to a Labor Contract dated April 8
 2016 with our Chief Executive Officer
 Li
Wang. The contract
 whose form is mandated by the PRC Labor Contract Law
 provides that Ms. Wang will serve as General Manager
of Guangdong Gewang for a term ending on April 7
 2019. In compensation
 Guangdong Gewang will pay Ms. Wang a salary of 12
000
RMB ($1
875) per month and afford her the benefits required by PRC Labor Laws. In addition
 Guangdong Gewang and Li Wang signed
a Performance Salary Assessment Agreement
 also dated April 8
 2016. The Performance Agreement provides that Guangdong Gewang
will pay Ms. Wang a bonus of 50
000 RMB ($7
812) per month after the monthly net income of Guangdong Gewang exceeds 2
500
000
RMB ($390
625). The Performance Agreement terminates on April 7
 2017.

Equity
Grants

The
following tables set forth certain information regarding the stock options acquired by the Registrant&rsquo;s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer during the year ended November 30
 2016 and those options held by either of them on November
30
 2016.

Option
Grants in the Last Fiscal Year





    
    
    
    
    
    
value at assumed
 annual rates 
of appreciation
 for option term

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the stock grants received by the executive officers named in the table
above during the year ended November 30
 2016 and held by them unvested at November 30
 2016.

Unvested
Stock Awards in the Last Fiscal Year



    
    
Market&nbsp;Value&nbsp;of
Shares That

    
    
    

    
    
    


Compensation
of Directors

On
July 1
 2016
 the Company entered into three year agreements with four of its directors (Jun Wen
 Li Wang
 Yingping Zhang and
Hai Lin) for a total of approximately $15
000 (RMB 110
000) per month.

Item
12. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The
following table sets forth information known to us with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date
of this report by the following:


each
                                         shareholder known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of our common stock;



Li
                                         Wang
 our Chief Executive Officer



each
                                         of our directors; and



all
                                         directors and executive officers as a group.



    
    


There
are 75
000
000&nbsp;shares of our common stock outstanding on the date of this report. Except as otherwise indicated
 we believe
that the beneficial owners of the common stock listed below have sole voting power and investment power with respect to their
shares
 subject to community property laws where applicable. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

In
computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percent ownership of that person
 we include shares of common
stock subject to options or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days.
We do not
 however
 include these &ldquo;issuable&rdquo; shares in the outstanding shares when we compute the percent ownership
of any other person.&#9;




    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
17
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
5
028
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
25
071
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
746
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
775
000
    
    
    
    
    

Hong Kong Quansheng Holding Management Co.
 Limited
    
    
10
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

Hong Kong Nuoxin Investment Management Co
 Limited
    
    
7
500
000
    
    
    
    
    







    
Unless otherwise noted
 the address for an owner is c/o China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc.

    
The address for Jun Wen is No. 1
 Row 3
 Zhuping District
 Tongkuan
 Yuanqu County
 Shanxi Province
 P.R. China.

    
The shares attributed to Jun Wen do not include 12
775
000 shares owned by China Xin Fu Group Limited. Jun Wen is a director of China Xin Fu Group Limited
 but denies that he controls the voting or disposition of shares owned by that entity.

    
The address for Han Xu is No. 438-501-2 Binjiang East Road
 Haizhu District
 Guangzhou
 Guangdong
 P.R. China.

    
The shares attributed to Han Xu include 19
000
000 shares with respect to which she exercises voting control
only
 including 10
000
000 shares owned by Hong Kong Quansheng Holding Management Co.
 Limited
 5
000
000 shares owned by Jun Wen
and 2
971
500 shares owned by Xiuqin Jiang.

    
The address for Xiuqin Jiang is No. 27 Dongjin Road
 Jingcheng Town
 Jingjiang City
 Jiangsu Province
 P.R. China.

    
The shares attributed to Xiuqin Jiang include 12
775
000 shares owned by China Xin Fu Group Limited
 which Xiuqin Jiang controls as director of that company. 

    
The address for China Xin Fu Group Limited is Unit 04
 7/F Bright Way Tower No. 33
 Mong Kok RD KL
 Hong Kong. Xiuqin Jiang has voting and dispositive control over the shares owned by China Xin Fu Group Limited.

    
The address for Hong Kong Quansheng Holding Management Co.
 Limited is Unit A1
 7/F
 Cheuk Nang Plaza 250 Hennessy Road
 Wanchai
 Hong Kong. Xin Zhao has voting and dispositive control
 and Han Xu has voting control
 over the shares owned by Hong Kong Quansheng Holding Management Co.
 Limited.

    
The address for Hong Kong Nuoxin Investment Management Co.
 Limited is Unit A1
 7/F
 Cheuk Nang Plaza 250 Hennessy Road
 Wanchai
 Hong Kong. Fanfei Guan has voting and dispositive control
 and Mengdi Zhang has voting control
 over the shares owned by Hong Kong Nuoxin Investment Management Co.
 Limited.





    
    


Item

Investment


 2016 the Registrant&rsquo;s
wholly owned subsidiary
 Biotechnology International
 entered into an investment agreement with Guangdong Tianmei. At that time
88% of the equity in Guangdong Tianmei was owned by two individuals who together
 directly and indirectly
 owned 57.5% of the
Registrant&rsquo;s outstanding shares. The investment agreement provided that Biotechnology International would pay US$1
000
000
to acquire a 30% interest in an Australian corporation to be formed
 which would indirectly own all of the equity in Guangdong
Tianmei.

The
acquisition by Biotechnology International of 30% Tianmei Australia was completed in May 2016
 at which time Tianmei Australia
acquired ownership
 through subsidiaries
 of Guangdong Tianmei. The investment agreement provided that payment of the $1
000
000
purchase price was due on June 20
 2016
 which was paid in full on June 17
 2016.

The
net worth of Guangdong Tianmei at the time of the acquisition was $4
888
840
 30% of which is $1
466
652. Because the Registrant
and Guangdong Tianmei were considered to be under common control at the time of the acquisition by reason of the commonality of
majority shareholders as quantified above
 the $466
652 by which the Registrant&rsquo;s share of the net worth of Guangdong Tianmei
exceeded the purchase price has been recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital.

The
changes in the equity investment are summarized as follows:



    


2016

 2015

    
1
000
000
    

    
466
652
    

    
4
536
760
    


 end of period/year
6
003
412
    


Other
Related Party Transactions



loans from a former officer and stockholder
 who resigned from office on April 8
 2016. The loans of $228
238 and $0 at November
30
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 are reflected as loans from third party.


237
639 and $166
106 at November 30
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 are reflected as loans from stockholder.


promotion agreement with Guangdong Tianmei
 in which the Registrant holds an indirect 30% ownership interest. Promotion expenses
incurred during the year ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 were $626
147
 $0 and $0
 respectively.

Guangdong
Gewang entered into an agreement with Guandong Tianmei on June 10
 2015 to license the usage of the Registrant&rsquo;s trademark
for 10 years. Trademark revenue recorded for the years ended November 30
 2016 and 2015 were $1
470 and $0
 respectively. The
future commitment is approximately $1
500 each year.

Director
Independence

The
Board of Directors has determined that among its members only Hai Lin is independent
 as &ldquo;independence&rdquo; is defined
in the Rules of NASDAQ.



    
    


Item
14.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Audit
Fees

Wei
Wei &amp; Co.
 LLP billed $70
000 in connection with the audit and reviews of the Registrant&rsquo;s financial statements for
the year ended November 30
 2016. Wei
 Wei &amp; Co.
 LLP billed $72
000 in connection with the audit and reviews of the Registrant&rsquo;s
financial statements for the year ended November 30
 2015. Also included are those services normally provided by the accountant
in connection with the Registrant&rsquo;s statutory and regulatory filings.

Audit-Related
Fees

Wei
Wei &amp; Co.
 LLP did not bill the Registrant for any Audit-Related fees in fiscal 2016 or fiscal 2015.

Tax
Fees

Wei
Wei &amp; Co.
 LLP did not bill the Registrant for any tax compliance
 tax advice or tax planning in fiscal 2016. Wei
 Wei &amp;
Co.
 LLP billed $2
900 for tax-related services in fiscal 2015.

All
Other Fees

Wei
Wei &amp; Co.
 LLP did not bill the Registrant for any other fees in fiscal 2016 or fiscal 2015.

It
is the policy of the Registrant that all services
 other than audit
 review or attest services
 must be pre-approved by the Board
of Directors.


    
    


PART
IV

Item
15.

(b)
Exhibit List



    
Articles
    of Incorporation
 as amended.

    
Articles
    of Merger of China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc. into Rich Star Development - filed as an exhibit to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed on January 12
 2015
 and incorporated herein by reference.

    
By-laws
    - filed as an exhibit to the Registrant&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-166454) and incorporated
    herein by reference.

    
Exclusive
    Technical Service and Business Consulting Agreement dated April 6
 2015 between Guangdong Gewang Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd. and
    Gewang Selenium Enrichment Information Consulting (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.

    
Call
    Option Agreement dated April 6
 2015 among Gewang Selenium Enrichment Information Consulting (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.
 Zhang Shili
    Zeng Yun and Xu Wei. 

    
Proxy
    Agreement dated April 6
 2015 among Guangdong Gewang Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd.
 Gewang Selenium Enrichment Information Consulting
    (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.
 Zhang Shili
 Zeng Yun and Xu Wei. 

    
Share
    Pledge Agreement dated April 6
 2015 among Guangdong Gewang Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd.
 Gewang Selenium Enrichment Information
    Consulting (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.
 Zhang Shili
 Zeng Yun and Xu Wei. 

    
Product
    Manufacture and Purchase Agreement among Guangzhou Qinxiyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Yantai Yisheng Pharmaceutical Co.
 Ltd. and Shandong
    Academy of Agricultural Sciences. 

    
Product
    Manufacture and Purchase Agreement
 dated June 30
 2016
 by and among Guangdong Gewang Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing Technology
    Development Company of CAAS and the Shandong Academy of Agricultural Sciences.

    
Licensing
    Agreement
 dated December 30
 2015
 between the Shandong Academy of Agriculture and Guangdong Gewang Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd.

    
License
    Agreement Supplement Agreement dated January 14
 2015 between the Shandong Academy of Agriculture and Guangdong Gewang Biotechnology
    Co.
 Ltd.

    
Product
    Manufacture and Purchase Agreement dated January 27
 2016 by and among Guangdong Gewang Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd.
 Taian Zhishengtang
    Ganoderma Co.
 Ltd. and the Shandong Academy of Agricultural Sciences.

    
Labor
    Contract between Guangdong Gewang Biotechnology Co. Ltd. and Li Wang dated April 8
 2016.

    
Performance
    Salary Assessment Agreement between Guangdong Gewang Biotechnology Co. Ltd. and Li Wang dated April 8
 2016.

    
    

    
Rule
    13a-14(a) Certification - CEO

    
Rule
    13a-14(a) Certification - CFO

    
Rule
    13a-14(b) Certifications

    
XBRL
    Instance

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    








Filed
                                         as an exhibit to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Amendment No.
                                         1)
 filed on January 12
 2017 (File No. 333-214597)
 and incorporated herein by reference.
Filed
as an exhibit to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 21
 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.

Filed
                                         as an exhibit to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed on November
                                         14
 2016 (File No. 333-214597)
 and incorporated herein by reference.



    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized
 on February 10
 2017.




    
China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Li Wang

    
    
Li
    Wang


    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Report has been signed below on February 10
 2017 by the following
persons
 on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated.




/s/
    Li Wang
    

Li
    Wang
 Director
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    

    
    

/s/
    Ming Cheng 
    

Ming
    Cheng
    

Chief
    Financial and Accounting Officer
    

    
    

/s/
    Jun Wen
    

Jun
    Wen
 Director
    

    
    

/s/
    Yingping Zhang
    

Yingping
    Zhang
 Director
    

    
    

/s/
    Hai Lin
    

Hai
    Lin
 Director
    

    
    

/s/
    Ruigang Guo
    

Ruigang
    Guo
 Director 
    


*
* * * *

















     


EXHIBIT
21



Biotechnology
International
 Inc.
 a British Virgin Islands corporation

Hong
Kong Gewang Holdings Group Limited
 a Hong Kong corporation

Gewang
Selenium Enrichment Information Consulting (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.
 a P.R. China corporation

Guangdong
Gewang Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd.
 a P.R. China corporation

Tianmei
Beverage Group Corporation Limited
 an Australia corporation

Guangdong
Tianmei Selenium-Rich Beverage Chain Co.
 Ltd.
 a P.R. China corporation

*
* * * *












     



EXHIBIT 31.1



I
Li Wang
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)
Designed such internal controls over financial reporting
 or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s Board of Directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
February 10
 2017
/s/
    Li Wang

    
Li
    Wang


    
Chief
    Executive Officer



*
* * * *












     


EXHIBIT
31.2



I
Ming Cheng
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc.;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)
Designed such internal controls over financial reporting
 or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s Board of Directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    February 10
 2017
/s/
    Ming Cheng

    
Ming
    Cheng


    
Chief
    Financial Officer



*
* * * *












     


EXHIBIT
32



The
undersigned officers certify that this report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 and that the information contained in the report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition
and results of operations of China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc..

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to China
Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc. and will be retained by China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.




Date:
    February 10
 2017
/s/
    Li Wang

    
Li
    Wang


    
(Chief
    Executive Officer)




Date:
    February 10
 2017
/s/
    Ming Cheng

    
Ming
    Cheng


    
(Chief
    Financial Officer)












begin 644 image_001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0 B17AI9@  34T *@    @  0$2  

# P
!PD.#PT
#@L

# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#]_**** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

M884'&3@'C/\ AI;XJ?\ 1N7CC_PI_#__ 


MC_PI_#__ 

MT


_LV6OA.;Q

M@^&=(O\ QA?77VWQ-J

&_\-+?%3_HW+QQ_P%/X?_ /DV




M 


.NWXZK\#P__ (:6^*G_ $;EXX_\*?P__P#)M'_#2WQ4_PC<O''_A3^
M'_\ Y-KUSP%X[T?XH^!]'\2^'M1M=8T'Q!90ZCIM_;-OAO;:5!)%*C=U9&5@





FU[E10
M!X;_ 


M_P##


M6?$G@GQ#\/?$7@'7_#ND:?KACU&^L+R.[MKR:\AC*/:SR@


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH

1
(F(



MTGP_KGC3P3\&[C6K'Q1H^AV;7VK6

MXF_:3_:V_:

:












M:7



U3PKXUC6V6:XN-.L;BVO(9%\LK
M;RW*R6BGS


#_ (\:?HNB?L]Z


MNUEZ)I26N\;M-RDR:D$URKM&.N_N];]WJMMG:^B
3]CG]L&/]KKPIXRU!_ G



M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 




MT3S2?^_]Q_\ '*]RHH \-_X=J_ W_HGFD_\ ?^X_^.4?\.U?@;_T3S2?^_\

MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ^?OB5_RE-^#'
M_9+?'G_IU\'5] U^&W_!03]OC]LWX._\%]?!'PI\)Z3\--0O-;M+_1_ &IW/
MAZZ:)]!UFZL+BYDN0+H!Y;-M(56=2@(AE8J!(H7]Q;-)(K2)9I%FF5 )'5-@






M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


N@2]V3B]T[?/F<?S37GNM#?\ ^%)?
M'/\ Z+KH_P#X0$'_ 
E4?\*2^.?_ $771_\ P@(/_DJN9_: _PM/P6^ O[





MIHKJ1FP!\:,PDSMPIYXKP'_ (*_P#!7K2/@I_P3V\7?&[X(ZKX)^(TO@G4

1NQD5/_  ?PW^X(NZOZ?CM]]F6?^%)?'/\ Z+KH_P#X0$'_ ,E4?\*2
M^.?_ $771_\ P@(/_DJMOX1?MQ_?X^:?X4O/!?C;2?$EGXXFO8-!N;%9)(-


2^M4\RXM=I Q,B98H<,0#@'!KE?@;_
M ,%;?@O\<]#^+&MVOB1=(\-?/Q

MS_Z+KH__ (0$'_R51_PI+XY_]%UT?_P@(/\ Y*KI/''[9OPK^&OQ9TOP+KWC





M_P (#_Y*K=U;]MCX6^%/B;H_@?6_'?A?3?&FLQVC1:6UZV^Z5C;H7P%5IM





M)V^;7W^I=NK[V]&TWK\D_N.L_P%)?'/_HNNC_\ A 0?_)5'_DOCG_T771_

X7['^$O\ P48\)^%/V5?A-XT^-OC7P/X/


M_P#HNNC_ /A 0?\ R57G




MM9?L#S-+
!=
RVP(C5MK3%&\M3AGQ\H-:SIN


M8
_8\5?&KP39^&]9F\(BRN9M.UJVG:/4(+BZ@M@J-')&T3@SJ^6#Y%=H)W





MY_\ 1=='_P# @_^2J\AT#]OOXE^'O\ @KK8_L_^.--\$Z'X.\7^$[GQ;X.U
M**TN?[2U@1$33Y2T_EQW
'[R1RBNKQQ$@1EL+Y_^V#_ 
%'?C]^RC\!_AGX



M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1






M]=9O7TPM])\J)+)=1^Q9I98X]S3_8@ VU=A[SU'AG_@D7XHT?_@HGXX^)
M7B!/#?CKP5XW\3:3XVLY;GQMKVDWO@[5[6U-O+)#I4*O8W_H()9Y(I(59E.

6
M9NY
Z2N(75Y9-BAF#(B]'+I]Z?\ #QKX4_\ /]XT_P#U__ .0J/^'C7PI_

MT7_@A'\9OB/X)^
7A7QMK?PW\


.?\







M&OA3_P _WC3_ 

MM+U2T@MXO
LX=.^SMJ
?DF2:YDEDEN3(JM
J0Q*/H+_@DE^R#\2OV'_V7/%7




MP;X9OM/O/AK'XMN/V?KG]GWQ!8W7B:_DTO3;9@J1:U92C3M\\I4R%[1XH%)V






QG8!N+;SMVM




%1B


?C#4M4C^(.BW\B2^#=8M(HH(9B



MU-](XFH ]8HKYZ;]M7QAX]!7X=_ ;XF:ZK'$=]XGCB\(V'U87A^V!?I:L?8\
MXB/P[_:6^+LV[7OB%\/OA#I



_

M[M[OQMI.K?%N^MF#QS?$'5[CQ)#&X.0\=I<LUI$P/(:*%#C&
#'NVDZ3:Z#




M#+(VTOX_\.7OA^Q0\?\ +_-&+$]?X9S7MW@'XC^'?BMX8M];\+Z]HOB31;P;


UUIES

R45X#_P\I^'?_0N?'[_ ,,5
MXW_^5-'_  \I^'?_ $+GQ^_\,5XW_P#E30![]17@/_#RGX=_]Y\?O\ PQ7C







ST76K+7[<:7J<
MU@SW5G,L]N9&C(+HDR(^QLJ6120<5YW_ ,/*?AW_ -Y\?O_  Q7C?\ ^5-'

L\C&1H5BC2+RR=OE@J0=S9X__


]]-);1EO*\UH8&8QQ



MR


'CI7 
5_=ZWA?39,])=6-M(Z'^


MBO&__P J:/\ AY3\._\ H7/C]_X8KQO_ /*F@#WZBO ?^'E/P[_Z%SX_?^&*



6/BO2P/[K+?1-=[?:.[C

ML


7(20C#!'YD_73_A)M-_Z%C_P!_U_QK



$[.Z*


M

TY2;=V))+8]7_P$FTW_ *%C_W_ %_Q
MH_X2;3?^@A8_]_U_QKRC_AW/^SW_ -$(^#7_ (16F_\ QFC_ (=S_L]_]$(^
M#7_A%:;_ /&:0SU?_A)M-_Z%C_W_7_&C_A)M-_Z%C_ -_U_P :\H_X=S_L

MW/\ L]_]$(^#7_A%:;_\9H ]7_X2;3?^@A8_]_U_QH_X2;3?^@A8_P#?]?\

9H ]7_
M .$FTW_H(6/_ '_7_&C_ (2;3?\ H(6/_?\ 7_&O*/\ AW/^SW_T0CX-?^$5


.GV5ON.%WS3
J+DD 9(R:\SO/




/B;0+W]IS6_A
VD7NE:+$ESHB6
+V[/);V


Z+XH7XK1RZ=-K;EK.UF

JP@@;;$GRQJB
M/%GS'XD?\%1?CGX#_96^.LVC_&Y\37'@WX0^%OB+I_C@Z-HOF:+KFHRH)]&
M*QV@LY('7YHXY(FN%5V!F9MK+G4J1BK[I).ZV::E)-?*#WUNK;NP4XRDU%Z-
MMJW5-.,7?_MZ2VZ:[*Y^SE%?D __  4S_: T_P ?M:Z+X;^)&C^/?$7PWLO



KJP^'TOB;1M

M=D7*(SJJ.L
2D%]_9N[797_+;[_1VE;X691J*4%-=6E]Z;_):]KJ^Z/HCXP_

C]@WX



M#/B)K'_!
+X2_%[4OBUXD\+:W\:];\


G?Y.W
M:\9=C]2:*_&/X(_\%3?C=\=?V:/V'=:U#XSP^%=:^
'C?6O!_C*\L=)T5O[1





M 


MG:&

MRVA??=Z;G[145^4K_M1_M7?%7_@H[=^#=/\ &GB7P]HNF_&*?1=0T?1]$T9O
M#=KX+@LH'CNAJUS87.[4Y9G_ 'EH+G[0Y58(!\\?LG_  2V_:V^)?Q*_:O^
M*7PY^+7C.Z\4^)-)M6\1:4^B_P!CWG@ZYT:XOYX[.;3[BS@2ZAD1$\F2_EF
MD9HS(K $BLJ2]I&

MXS?M(_#O]G+3[&[^(7C[P7X#M=3E





Y_$/[*2_%.VT7^Q]+6'2_$Z7MFG^CF\MI9G25'D!MY


M[/5A_$CXG^&O@WX+OO$GC#Q%H?A7P[IBA[S5-8OXK&RM%)@R32LJ(2!EB.

MWONB5BQ




C*YR







%U\/+?QMX1F\?V-F-
M0N/#









M'A?1_/CB'P'X6\_LSV_P 2-#OH;/3[Z+Q[KL!2 :3(]S%+N@7RT1XK0PW)



RS+_I*EB!F+<
8KG<))R&!+JD
M1;E?V8/^H/QP^*?QR^&

M W.[*JC.2S #)(K\9_\ @FQ_P5N_: ^+6O?!F/7/B?H?Q U;XG?##QQK+:/J

O#!^\WR(Q;F(5

M?\7O&7C#Q9\'=8^$T4GBC3/$7AG1='L9/$EVQ2[L[14TZ*XO--C@?='=0S20
MGY

_
M4ZO /B-_RE

^L:RM




_[3/_!
G2?V

E;



MMW

ML;6S6TU&&2*ZDWM:/=+.5=KI.NQH4*@9??YO^S)_P $,? /[)?B;4-:\)_$
MSXO?VIJ'P^'PV,][-HLP@TU?(D1/[-XARNUBI1]H




M$/\ @O#\2_B[-\(XY/@OX/L_^%M^.-=^'MDT?C29_LM_IH)-TX-B/]%8A@1_

M^ZEFFD63R]
1W=99=ZN7SF- =REU?'^''_!!'P/\+6^'+:7\8/C9N^%OB[4?
M&VAF9_#S8U&_Q]J




M_@_0=:^

MWD[6X/\ 8M_X*Z^)?V5?V&_'FH?$;Q-JOQ
\96/QC/P]\-^%=96\N?%'A5KV


M?P

M1+=8MC-E&9F8Y4[QIV?G?O\ Q%+3I\%U=ZIM)-*[-ZW+*5UV7I?DDM?^WG%^
M:3;3:1P^F_\ !:+QWHOQ2^#%AXZ^#



D$$

M.Z]'&ROO?70\&MO^M'Q:^(/[5VL?OP+^S\=6UBV\!:#\0+:UUOQ'_86H6=
MM?RV\=Q9WT$\'[B[M_
F_=AF!\G!92=M6/A#_P %G[GQM_P4:T3X#^(OAV_A
M63Q8GB#^RH[B^D_M^S.E2
$DO;!H5$4%[#%-/;R)(X=-F
Y)'M7PY_X)S:#\
M-/VX-2^/5KXZ^(M]XFU?PO:^$+S3+^XT^?3;BQME7R]S?9!=F7S09FD-P69W
M8'*;4'D_P

M&]AG8V/GRHY9L2/(9AG_ %IP








M7K)



MOB%JGB[]HJS73O''C.[N-/&L:A;I!);1QQPQ6B:?#LAEE0&.T#$2$L68*R\[

MO#:0P)(


MJ

-G\-5






!:0N!-;


MCMW/Q_X(K_#?XF?LE_$+X3:EXN^(WE_%SQ,OBSQOXICN--&O^)KY)XYT\US
M9&UBB1H8 L=M;Q*JP@ #?(7\Y_X*$?L:?%3XC?MD_LAWW@W3_B1K7ASX2?VL
MGB#QQI&H^';35=--U8?8X+A8+IHH99%?$DJ+:-8]P$;Y\JEJK+=MP7E\*YW

%N+CXW_ ;X'W7ACP#8






L

M7FO_  Q[\0_^CK/CY_X*/!/_ 
S]'_#'OQ#_ .CK/CY_X*/!/_S/T!Y'B_P0

?DQSZCID%U)&F=
MVP

%'@G_YGZ/^&/?B'_T=9\?/_!1X

T7


_1'W;VZ_U^@2U23Z

M
N=I6-E*@C)P0.



_1_PQ
M[\0_^CK/CY_X*/!/_P S]3RHI2:U1T7[+/['/A/]EK]F33OA986MOJWARU^T






'_!%YJ%QHNAZ/I%QJTOGWTME91V[WDG/SR% [<GELGDUXW_PQ[\0_P#H

M9Y-5=3^#WA'6O-GX?O/WAR[T'3R#:Z;-IL



M #/T?\


?_F?H
M_P&/?B'_P!'6?'S_P %'@G_ .9^C:*AT5_Q;;^]ML&VY<W73\%9?@CTC0_V


M\


_0![%;_#?

YO$D.@Z+%XBN(_)EU1+&);V2/@;&FV[RO X)QP*;X1^&'AKX?R2OH/A


S]










MFLW@3P;
NG1+!:!]%MF^RQJQ=4CRGRJ&9F & Q/4UJ0_[PS;ZYJNJ1^'=!

M^4[^7Y?O'_#'OQ#_ .CK/CY_X*/!/_S/T?\ #'OQ#_Z.L^/G_@H\$_\ S/TN





[^



M:WM8+6UTZ.$3YAM8HHI!P[.[3
[
7RQX?P-_P0@O? ?B;P_JEO\ &)YIO#GQ

D



UT?LK2R*DJ7%L90%AY8 E6O? [_@N+I'BK











._

D
MCB420I)'



M4U^]?PX+K3])N+*QEOC+)/:RS*8YH89?*5-TI9 K1H73=Y)^T-_P61TOX\?L


MR&CBD'R^X?L\_P#!.75/@#%^T4MK\3M4:3]H#6;[Q!]LT_2DT^^\*WUU;FW
MMK
)'W&-%@*;QP\.[/S$#P+X=_\ !OI_PK[X:?%[P]'\9M2O)?C-X$T_P)K6

X=5EC D1E)6LW5/^).K:IJ?B^^B^.GB/1+_ 
5?C3?A.EYHNBQV-UI
MMG8F)DN8Y!,6\R1EE$B\92=E4IA2.3\3_P#!*CQ1^S+^R3\=OA=\/]6N?'.N
M?M372Z;-,-!ATS3?7GVBV=]J$[K*56W2V4NL0#2O*%5 Y=F7IQ$FW4=-*]I


T:R(2.QVL.*V:Y[X2?#JT^#_PJ\




60B
PO+=\5?\%1-6\'_&30_'EUHOCV;X3ZM\
M3\37'A6PL=







-%&4MKW+)ZW^5M/QO?_MSEU4KD0?\ZZ?C9^ODEOKS:6:M[YX!


;\JYMPHHHJ2

M]JCX;V/PQU#QHWC;PV_A32;^72[K58KY);6*[BG-O);[U)!D68&
H
D




M'_+0F2

M&G&RAN(3=@V:0QF'3X0D@
ZV


\XQ4QUC?KI^*3_._IMNF5+27+Z^F]O\ ANZUTO8M4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %?(WP*_:V^'/[/7Q!^
VA^-?%%GX;U:;XAW][':WD
RO)!)
M;6A25?DPR-@X8$@X/H:^N:* /#?^'E?P+_Z*1H?_ 'Q-_P#$4?\ #ROX%_\



M_HI&A_\ ?$W_ 
11_P /*_@7_P!%(T/_ +XF_P#B*]RHH \-_P'E?P+_PB
5_ O_ **1H?\ WQ-_\11_P\K^!?\ T4C0_P#OB;_X
MBO<J* /#?^'E?P+_ .BD:'_WQ-_\11_P\K^!?_12-#_[XF_^(KW*B@#PW_AY
M7\_^BD:'_WQ-_\ $4?\/*_@7_T4C0_^^)O_ (BO<J* /#?^'E?P+_Z*1H?_


11_P /*_@7_P!%
M(T/_ +XF_P#B*]RHH \-_P'E?P+_PBD:'_ -\3?_$4?\/*_@7_ -%(T/\



MZ6G_P#@0G^-'_6Z5_T$M/_ / A/\:\M_X=W_L__P#1_@[_P$9IO_ 
9H
M_P'=_[/_P#T0OX._P#A&:;_ /&: /4O^$MTK_H):?\ ^!?XT?\);I7_02T
M_P#\$_QKRW_ (=W_L__ /1_@[_ .$9IO\ \9H_X=W_ +/_ /T0OX._^$9I
MO_QF@#U+_A+=*_Z6G_^!?XT?\ 6Z5_P!!+3__  (3_&O+?^'=_PS_P#]
M$+^#O_A&:;_\9H_X=W_L_P#_ $0OX._^$9IO_P 9H ]2_P$MTK_ *6G_\
M@0G^-'_6Z5_T$M/_P# A/\ &O+?^'=_[/\ _P!$+^#O_A&:;_\ &:/^'=_[
M/_\ T0OX._\ A&:;_P#&: /4O^$MTK_H):?_ .!?XT?\);I7_02T_\ \$_
MQKRW_AW?^S__ -$+^#O_ (1FF_\ QFC_ (=W_L__ /1_@[_ .$9IO\ \9H
M]2_X2W2O^@EI_P#X$)_C1_PENE?]!+3_ /P(3_&O+?\ AW?^S_\ ]$+^#O\
MX1FF_P#QFC_AW?\ L_\ _1_@[_X1FF__&: /4O^$MTK_H):?_X$)_C1_P )
M;I7_ $$M/_\  A/\:\M_X=W_ +/_ /T0OX._^$9IO_QFC_AW?^S_ /\ 1_@
M[_X1FF__ !F@#U+_ (2W2O\ H):?_P!?XT?\);I7_02T__ 
$_P :\M_X
M=W_L_P#_ $0OX._^$9IO_P 9H_X=W_L__P#1_@[_P$9IO_ ,9H ]2_X2W2
MO^@EI_\ X$)_C1_PENE?]!+3_P#P(3_&O+?^'=_[/_\ T0OX._\ A&:;_P#&
M:/\ AW?^S_\ ]$+^#O\ X1FF_P#QF@#U+_A+=*_Z6G_ /@0G^-'_6Z5_T$
MM/\ _ A/\:\M_P'=_[/_P#T0OX._P#A&:;_ /&:/^'=_PS_P#]$+^#O_A&
M:;_\9H ]2_X2W2O^@EI__@0G^-'_  ENE?\ 02T__P $_QKRW_AW?\ L_\
M_1_@[_X1FF__&:/^'=_[/\ _P!$+^#O_A&:;_\ &: /4O\ A+=*_P@EI__
M ($)_C1_PENE?]!+3_\ P(3_ !KRW_AW?^S_ /\ 1_@[_X1FF__ !FC_AW?
M^S__ -$+^#O_ (1FF_\ QF@#U+_A+=*_Z6G_P#@0G^-'_6Z5_T$M/_ / A
M/\:\M_X=W_L__P#1_@[_P$9IO_ ,9H_P'=_[/_P#T0OX._P#A&:;_ /&:
M /4O^$MTK_H):?\ ^!?XT?\);I7_02T_P#\$_QKRW_ (=W_L__ /1_@[_
M .$9IO\ \9H_X=W_ +/_ /T0OX._^$9IO_QF@#U+_A+=*_Z6G_^!?XT?\
M6Z5_P!!+3__  (3_&O+?^'=_PS_P#]$+^#O_A&:;_\9H_X=W_L_P#_ $0O
MX._^$9IO_P 9H YO]J?Q+ILO[3?[,K+J%BRQ^-]4+$3I\H_X1?6ASS[C\Z]V
M_P$MTK_ *6G_\ @0G^-?(/[3/[?P/T?\ :
_9SL[3X

TW_XS
M0!ZE_P );I7_ $$M/_\  A/\:/\ A+=*_P@EI__ ($)_C7EO_#N_P#9_P#^
MB%_!W_PC--_^,T?\.[_V?_\ HA?P=_\ 

M_P :/^$MTK_H):?_ .!?XUY;_P[O_9__PB%_!W_P (S3?_ (S1_P .[_V?

M7EO_  [O_9__ .B%_!W_ 
(S3?\ XS1_P[O_ &?_ /HA?P=_\(S3?_C- 'J7

M2O\ H):?_P!?XUY;_P[O\ V?\ _HA?P=_\(S3?_C-'_#N_]G__ *(7\'?_

M?_\ HA?P=_\ ,TW_P
T?\ #N_]G_\ Z(7\'?\ PC--_P#C- 'J7_6Z5_T
M$M/_ / A/\:/^$MTK_H):?\ ^!?XUY;_P .[_V?_P#HA?P=_P#,TW_ .,T
M?\.[_P!G_P#Z(7\'?_
TW_XS0!ZE_PENE?]!+3_ /P(3_&C_A+=*_Z6G_^
M!?XUY;_ 

M7\'?_,TW_XS1_P[O_9__PB%_!W_P (S3?_ (S0!ZE_PENE?]!+3_\ P(3_
M !H_X2W2O^@EI_\ X$)_C7EO_#N_]G__ *(7\'?_  C--_\ C-'_  [O_9__
M .B%_!W_ 

M^
T?\.[_ -G_ /Z(7\'?_,TW_XS0!ZE_P );I7_ $$M/_\  A/\:/\ A+=*
M_P@EI__ ($)_C7EO_#N_P#9_P#^B%_!W_PC--_^
T?\.[_V?_\ HA?P=_\
M,TW_P

$_P :/^$MTK_H):?_ .!?XUY;_P[O_9_
M_PB%_!W_P (S3?_ (S1_P .[_V?_P#HA?P=_P#
TW_ .

MT_\ \$_QH_X2W2O^@EI_P#X$)_C7EO_  [O_9__ .B%_!W_ ,(S3?\ XS1_
MP[O_ &?_ /HA?P=_\(S3?_C- 'J7_6Z5_T$M/\ _ A/\:/^$MTK_H):?_X$
M)_C7EO\ P[O_ &?_ /HA?P=_\(S3?_C-'_#N_P#9_P#^B%_!W_PC--_^

MI?\ 6Z5_P!!+3__  (3_&C_ (2W2O\ H):?_P!?XUY;_P[O\ V?\ _HA?
MP=_\(S3?_C-'_#N_]G__ *(7\'?_  C--_\ C- 'J7_6Z5_T$M/_P# A/\

TW_P,T?\ #N_]G_\
MZ(7\'?\ PC--_P#C- 'J7_6Z5_T$M/_ / A/\:/^$MTK_H):?\ ^!?XUY;
M_P .[_V?_P#HA?P=_P#
TW_ .
T?\.[_P!G_P#Z(7\'?_,TW_XS0!ZE_PE
MNE?]!+3_ /P(3_&C_A+=*_Z6G_^!?XUY;_ ,.[_P!G_P#Z(7\'?_
TW_X
MS1_P[O\ V?\ _HA?P=_\(S3?_C- 'J7_  ENE?\ 02T__P $_QH_P$MTK_


ML_\ _1_@[_X1FF__&:/^'=_[/\ _P!$+^#O_A&:;_\ &: /4O\ A+=*_P@

U&U

M=^$Y+Z;P_P(8WELWO+.2SG*I(\;;X9 'C.Y&&U@.X%']?U]S [*BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@#P?]JK_ ).?_9C_ .QXU3_U%M;KWBO!_P!JK_DY_P#9C_['C5/_ %%M;KWB



MWS7GA/XO75]X/U&:VUS1==U!EMQ9IK


+O$UOY^NZK$VE6&O-J\L^F
MQB/[7)';R&W
JI)#'M431[V)SC]3J*EJ\;-]9/\ \BXOUWNK];=-HU+/1+


MXW%K'4=6MM-5=0TZ7P'J.@R%&TU-I7[9]I@B\B

MW2[_ (J
=/11T[*4EUTQE'FBHOI;\')Z]V^;7ORQ?0**X7XX?M0_#/\ 9DL=

M/_1RWP _\.%I'_R1691[_17@'_#V#]EG_HY;X ?^'TC_P2*/\ A[!^RS_T
 ?\/8/V6?\ HY;X ?\ APM(_P#DBC_A[!^RS_T<


.%I'_R


%[/P
M-\3KY8=?N]*^+,+V/P\NH8A#<WY7?EVL<UD[A






.%I'_R10![_17@'_#V#]EG




M_DBC_A[!^RS_ -'+? #_ 
.%I'_R10![_17@'_#V#]EG_HY;X ?^'TC_P2




M







M==U^L]GJUKJ%Q-%;W5O/+;-MF2.0
T1]& Z'@]?2K%?BOJG[:E]_P3W_ &\_
MV[O&7ACPK8S:]XL\7_#/P]:V\T





T,MC;7E
MHEY$L\3&1HR&@$B$LS(2

2-U8UJG)AY8B.JBD_D^9K_P!)9M3IN5:-%Z.3


USI$CWOVS:()KB9UB22



:_4WP/\ V[/C#\?/VS?%GPW\!Z1\*['P7\&;




MH:4U@$FBDAE29853)5/)
#?(G$BY 7T+X-?\%B_VE/B%X]^'^E7EM\$1;^-/


M2L=:G[8__!9+]I+]GCQ[XMTE?7PK\+7WA/X#6_Q:O\ 1-8TVZUBZT[4EUW



8^=HX_]H/\ X+2_M)_ 3XB_M :?-I/P3U&S^ _B+P3I$]L-%U2*;5O[=^?


_PI'QY_:/_ &0?@#K%IJ7A

O@7X?1





XA@GAM999G5]J(WEF63+J<$@A17_ .<'[(/
MP!^

JWB&$H[





19VL=HW;5SY]+KLI?)M+TW=
MO5


MWP;M?!OPF\


MIK
@7$:3*S0$YQO .5Z'KZ4_3M4MM8M%N+.X@NK=_NR0R1&^A'%?CO^Q)H'
MC+]CK]I/X#^&O&W@OX:_%GX6_$[6[E?A_P#&KP=,]GKVLR7%I?76[Q!Y8WK
MRP.^6( C\MV+NYP


6X@^41*PE._8AS)?'II)^G+9R33U32?])WI[K
MY5_,EZJ2E9KH_A:^_JK/]H**_*?X5?\ !9#]ICXL_L#_ !)_: A^&?@?1_!-
MGX#O_&/A75KNU2:UM[RRO)4DTFYABU=KJ\WVZ#_2A%9*5'S#(HKHO@W_P5
MQ^,'BZ/XYV/B[4_@MX3;X3^_!_CL^))- U%M/LK+5+)+W4(I+0ZAYEU+'&6


+2[(Y


S$*JC))/ %?*'_

M:27F)E9X5DG




M&







M[RZOK.VM)





M4_LG['?_ $;_ /$+_P 1X\9__*FC[)^QW_T;_P#$+_Q'CQG_ /*FA:6MTV\M
















M!6#_ 
.SOV?_ /HD/@3_ 

M0+*UOZU=W^.OJ
\*_P#!
;]GOP-XHTG6]'^#O@'3=7T'4I-9TZ\@TJ-)K*]D

M[($62Y0CE9F$: N/F.T9-6/^'9W[/_\ T2'P)_X*X_\ C_AV=^S_P#]$A\
M?^N/_CR_KI_DON0;[_ -;_ .;^]DL/_!-KX!V_PIL_ T?PA\!1^$=-U8Z[
M9:2FDQ+;65^5VFZB4#]W


\U'_P[._9__PB0^!/_!7'_A1_P[._
M9_\ ^B0^!/\ P5Q_X4;Z/^M+?EIZ:!UO_6]_SU]=3K/#O[(GPO\ 7COPWXH

M 
^$/@/5]2\87<=]KEQ=:
M5'))JT\9+1RSDC]XR$DJ6SMSQBC_ (=G?L__ /1(? G_ (*X_P#C_AV=^S_
M /\ 1(? G_@KC_PHN[W]?Q=W][U?F%E:WHONT7W=2;_ ()K_ *XT7Q)ILOP




Q
IOK.GWD&DQK-9
MWTFW?<QMC*RML3<X^9MBY)P*?_P[._9__PB0^!/_!7'_A7#?'[]E[]D[]F/
MP;'K?C'X;^ ]/AO)UL]/M(-$-YJ&L73 E+6TM85::YG;!Q'$C

MMXI2@Q]E@\U4W'







HPQDRLW_#L[]G_P#Z)#X$_P#!7'_A
DL3$;HW']Y2#6?)^R-\,9O@Y
M<?#V3P+X9F\%W4JSS:1)9(]M+*KJZRL"3(K*A#D[@47!&!CDO\ AV=^S_\
M]$A\?\ @KC_ 
*/^'9W[/\ _P!$A\?^N/_CI;N%WN=1H7[&_PH\+Q^U

M-B_\.SOV?_\ HD/@3_P5Q_X4?\.SOV?_ /HD/@3_ 









MG?\ /4Z[]D[]F7PW^QS^SQX7^&WA-;C^Q?#%LT2S7#!I[V:21II[F4@ &2::
M225B !ND. !@5R/Q?'_&?7P3/_4N^*OYZ31_P[._9_\ ^B0^!/\ P5Q_X5T7
MPI_8J^$OP






MRKW^O /AS_RE
^

+W$BVUM)

J*6(2*-6DD; X1%9F.  20*^6IO\ @MK^SC;?:/QU)XH\:1^$IM?_P$
M6CU)OAMXF$3ZIN*?8P/[/W&7S%:/;C_6 I][Y:^I=;U6/0=%O+Z:.ZDALX'G
AQ^'?VB)=:M
M_CZ_BV3P*W@%QI\.EG4Y;L:@)/[-%R6\EE/E_:S\[%?+S\HJA:=?V
MO.



MK4;2VDEYIUSI\[JKLAW07


D8


Y-6TN[12MIK))VN:2CRNS:WM


0S$B-LK$[E



MGDLUB15C7S&\QU*(R


)%X'U'5&A@U]8K=M(FEAM)5$$V\2




M8L(&.39Z;:KF*PM!P-D7[R3 ::2:3YSZ/\+/A1X9^!_@'3?W@_0M+\-^'=(
MB\FST_3[=88(%ZGKU8DDECDL22222:Z@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KP$_\



MBFW&G_
T.PU:.[\ V

MS??K:*=]M-+ZIWY:

EZ)I-GH-Y!K-UI_V5K:&_;SMLT+*SVW(5=DLODB5<L

MOJ4KK+

M:&2&16N_

\ ^'/_*4SXR?




M&\








JUY*7N9%++O2-O*'O-%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


MVWOV^YBFN(;U)IH6O




M-_ '_P /'J__ 


M-_ '_P /'J__ 


M-_ '_P /'J__ 

Q7F?@_]O#]H+Q%

Q6?\-_AO\9O'
MO[9GA;XC?$;PM\


M(GW;+5!&K


C;!Z
N&&002 =Q1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

MZQ\5=5ET7PW'=-M6]NHXO




MIXSP9^R'X@^-_BS3?&W[0%]I?B/4M-N5O]%\Z:[R^$_\RG
4K+(JG4KV/J

ML66[N6^:0JORH@VQQ+\L:(N%KT:@ KX6^(_[2/Q.^'__  4 U'P_?:QXET73



MV=V_[K7S=K-=FN_:ZM=W51DE:_=/[NG]=4KZ)I_G[\
_BC\?/&7[-%W)IGC?

M[[4(H=WDQS3A?

MYV\NIN4445!04444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5X?^4I _PR5G_T[BO?J_!_6O!'
M[9R?\'*$7P@M_C1XT7P3=6A\0QZ_]CLO
C\&?[2UMGR2-ZW/^@ARNXRE7(
M'% '[P4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '&_M%_&S3?V:OV?/'?Q&UBUOK[2/



M-0Z7
_\ X:5^*O\ T;GXV_\ GT#_P3:/\ AI7XJ_\ 1N?C;_PI] _^3:[+


C-8/




B
7'E  $$@^
?\$$_P!D3]JO_@DC\(O'7P]\

ACN1
D]PJJLBI;L!&S;663).X&OU*^*G


MRD ?

FU[E10!X;_ 
-*_%7_ *-S\;?^%/H'_P FT?\



61WE4K(A9&4-@D@BOJ0


M^'8==M=9^$FOGPWX@@U*R^S[+G;O5HCN(DC9


M]RHH \-_X:5^*O\ T;GXV_\ GT#_P3:/\ AI7XJ_\ 1N?C;_PI] _^3:]G
MU_7['PIH5[JFJ7MIINF:; ]U=W=U
L
&_P##2OQ5_PC<_&W_A3Z!_\ )M'_



MD
FJ6T:SS2O*S



MX$^
L/@7PQ\-_$GC[6O[%77KHV&HZ?90V=N\[P(UU/$69GC?A00 .2,BO8*
M\-T__E)7JW_9,[+_ -.MW0 ?\-*_%7_HW/QM_P%/H'_ 
FT?\-*_%7_ *-S
M\;?^%/H'_P FU[E10!X;_P -*_%7_HW/QM_X4^@?_)M'_#2OQ5_Z-S\;?^%/


MI*+C)QENC.


^&?B@OAN1]5@76KKPX5LO



MT=G_ %=7_)W/#?\ AI7XJ_\ 1N?C;_PI] _^3:/^&E?BK_T;GXV_\*?0/_DV

M@?4@'OJ%JKKO;YV3M]S3^8;.S[7^6J_-/[CPW_AI7XJ_]&Y^-O\ PI] _P#D
MVC_AI7XJ_P#1N?C;_P *?0/_ )-KW*B@#PW_ (:5^*O_ $;GXV_\*?0/_DVC


FUVG[4?[1N@_LC? #Q1\2O%%OJUQX;\'61U'4QIMN+BXBMU(WR

QR&&:-9$W*


M:Z
):.S_ *V?Y-/T:9Q/_#2OQ5_Z-S\;?^%/H'_R;5+_ (7E\1?^$A_M?_AF





#XH^*O$7@
MW4M#\4Z+\1=
^GOMLUO)./L<D*R1I$7










5.1Q4QDU-2T^+F?WU';_P J6](Q[%1A


M[XS?&S]O?XI6OQD\3?%+PVLWBOQ/ICZ79^#]?BTGQ/X9NX46P:#Q M[_ &;;




MVC12;$
FQB$$8D





;']F_XY? []FG]I2U^'O@3XF:'K&H?M+2:


@&X





M-=T?4M1T2TD709+JZABDO(#:.Y=+:[RLDBY4^5\OJ_P@^!7BC1_P!F3]D'


MK+&
MS12&!F1B5+0QG&5!KF_A=_P3R^$WP;^,&G^/?#WARYL_%EAI4FD/?-JMW*=
M022YENY)[I&D*7-T]Q//(;F96F+32'?\QJJ6BY9[7CZM135F]+N6JD]-_P[

MBZU:^EN))Y0 0)YW)=C*5*LY)QYA.

C17+M(I78K/\M?



47VU'U.*[5%
4-YYB[Y%O\ ;
(E7@ 8
MK]4_V9?CYK'BGX@:M\-=4^&/Q\)_P#!^'=%G_X2#5[&--(UF6XM@TEO:SQ








MGK'[3


K=G&+/Y[

M9II%M/M$3()
AA(2FXQ

MDFE4C[2

YCD:/RVV




MU#KL$=S!Y


M_!-WX/DT+PYXJ2RDUM+ZS?4'A2*$0K.MB2)!@ 9F0CS!(H=_P4A\+?%[QM\?



E_:3T[PW^VMI_P )])^/GEZKHG@S

M-QX?USX^^
K!OCF-8U

#OE

&*QJ6(52S''H!R?H*X/]F#]H[0?VM?@;HGQ \


_?51+X7!_^ M-+T?+;O\5G


?
VAF7&
5K%=;-_)IW?9Z**EI

M36\):3X^O_!6H:2NLZV-0MKKYI95:*WOY+2.201RS;UF(1L2_NQF^._AA\4[
M']@[PG?:;J?[1.M7FJ?%+PCJDN@:1\-_&7A[4_!5JEN$UB%5GN+R^GB:-2\L



S=&3<%\DSRZ?]F#@HX902%V[RH-SQ9X;^+_PX_:R
MFTV/PS^T3+#IO[6<'B*YL=%\1:AI<7@VYLU


M)61EX^\1449*%IMW4'&]^\51?_N--^4Y=QU:7.G!:.7-;YNHM/3VC2_PQ['X

M
K#PZ?%:3
M:

C)Q3HQ=.#I_RI1?W4TK^OLF_64RJOO24W
MU;:^3FVOE[5?)1N?C]^U5\$_C]\9_P#@J5^U3K'PAM_B/X+U3Q=\.M/T+2KR


MDOQ6\(?SQYXG_X))_'1O&&B_M377[1&N?#S5__B[PMJGAS6=0T?7M6DU*X
M^SWUB/LTD=Q



CAB6MM




MV/Q0^%




MCGP1H_Q-\$ZQX;\0:;::QH/BQFTW4KZC$D%];31M'+#(IX9'1F4@]02*\A



M5[E10!X;_P .U?@;_P!$[TG_ +_W'_QRC_AVK\#?^B=Z3_W_ +C_ ..5[E10
M!X;_ 

M7X&_]$[TG_O_ ''_ 

M$[TG_O\ W'_QRC_AVK\#?^B=Z3_W_N/_ (Y7N5% 'AO_  [5^!O_ $3O2?\


_\ #7_Q_Z-7^/7_@V\%?\ S04?\-?_ !_Z-7^
M/7_@V\%?_-!0![U17@O_  U_\0O^C5_CU_X-O!7_ 
T%'_#7_P 0O^C5_CU_



M_%G0?&6EV5I8:]I6N^#+[3]-T%[4+'-

\F^)E0*)&C_


O$/[
M_[$'A7]G/XB??XF+\2O $E[HL


\AFE+FUAD6$
$@S
@8@A2
M6XJU_P % _V@K_\ ;E_98^+WPG^'OPO^+FK0ZG\*_$&H27VM_#S7?#J2ZC&D
M$=CI]JVH6]L9KF5I)9-B*^5@QU;%?07_  U_\0O^C5_CU_X-O!7_ 
T%'_#7
M_P 0O^C5_CU_X-O!7_S05$Z?/2G1EM)M_-Q4?PLGZZ;&\*W+.$TOA_SO_P
'M'\-:U]IL/B UHL<YOK2%




M_!MX*_\ F@H ]ZHKP7_AK_XA?]&K_'K_ 
&W@K_YH*/^&O\ XA?]&K_'K_P;


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *BGE\B:?RY9O)BDE\F!/
GE\M&?RX8\
MC?*^-L:9&YR%R

+?@Q:^+O!'AG6]8\/2ZKXD\3'5KTZ-'X73Q5X8





MX*&?MY_$;PQXB\$7'[$?[:7Q4.@/X*^)?[2'B_P=IL%OX_\ AGX&\1:?=:/H

/
M^BN?'_\ \2*^.W_SQ*/MGC#_ **Y\?\ _P 2*^.W_P \2@#]^:*_ ;[9XP_Z

/\ HKGQ_P#_ !(KX[?_ #Q* /WYHK\!OMGC#_HK

/^BN?'_\
M\2*^.W_SQ*/MGC#_ **Y\?\ _P 2*^.W_P \2@#]^:*_ ;[9XP_Z*Y\?_P#Q

/\ HKGQ_P#_ !(KX[?_ #Q* /WYHK\!OMGC#_HKGQ__ /$B

M'XCZ+I%O?:_XAOM2UG4%TW2-/L=

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 ?D%_P5J_YW_  36_PS_P#Q#_Z[B_X*&5X)7O?_  5J
M_P0M_P36_[/_P#$/_KN+_@H97@E !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %?IU^PE_R;1X8_[*!\?_ /UH3XIU^8M?
MIU^PE_R;1X8_[*!\?_\ UH3XIT ?7U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45X!X _:Q_99^+'Q
M+\:_!?X6_M+? #XE?&+X;#7#\1?A/X ^,GPZ\9?$OP/#&MV_AGQ*?&O@3P[

(&\7?#W0O$5_XN\-C0M9OK+2-8.LZ19#3
M-3O+6PO?(NKB*)_?* /R_X*U?\ (6_X)K?]G_\ B'_UW%_P4


T5\ ?\


M 
0W_9U_^=S1_P .G?\ @EE_TC3_ & /_$-_V=?_ )W- 'W_ $5\ ?\ #IW_
NU52_L+'5;&]

M/ 7C/X5?#;]J3]O?XD^*O.H^&_%GCGQ=\$+76=-^.&N?[X:^#[#4KKPAK7
MQ5\-7/Q;^*?B

M^$7C3P_\2?A/^PA^QG\







M 

M?8%% 'Q__ 
)K^WW_ -&T


M_P#\)K^WW_T;1^Q__P)Q?&C_PEZT?\)K^WW_T;1^Q__P)Q?&C_PEZU]@
M44 ?'_\ PFO[??\ T;1^Q_\ ^)Q?&C_Z7K1_PFO[??\ T;1^Q_\ ^)Q?&C_Z







DUG3-#



ISDHQBG*4I-*


M49).

#PU\1_^:WAWXW^
M(/'WP4^$G[:WBO\ 9?\ BC\<='A^*/P'_;)TK]C*XUOX2ZCY?Q AT'X@^#?
M_P 0;CXH6_PVTB[TV]^(7PV^#/Q(^(GQ8T*[74['4-)TJ;3-8&CXC/Z1:*_/
MOXN?\%-OV0/V==7?P+\;?BAK=M\3M^ ?AG]I+QCX3^&/P'_ &C?C!?Z1\%M





MX

=(\#/#XOTKP_\8M.\:GXP\.75EK'@RW\06-]:33I\(_^D_[$WQWO/@

MB2+_ (1[PM\-/&^FV5[\ /VD=.U?XH^#OC)XTA^'7PK\4?L\:'?_  AMM9_:





M$O\ DVCPQ_V4#X__ /K0GQ3K\Q:_3K]A+_DVCPQ_V4#X_P#_ *T)\4Z\O&8W





MCQ;X/U?7+VWTS3K:VT_3X;F^ECLK*W@M;98X(HXU^3?VC/\ @B+_ 
$OOVB?


MA4P

'H34E.





M)_?LZ_MV_LF_!OX2_L:?$67]E?QG^S[^S_X4\0_#?P=^T%X9\:_%2+XU?$OX



MX\?%;]D[Q)\=T_9Y\
^!?V@'_9WM'O?B%X)TOQ-\-_V@OBW=?#+Q+8V4%_JR

MW1?C;X2\%ZJ/^$U_:D^_B/X5:=XR\7^&Y_$R^!O!G[0MGKNB_[XN20V-AJ
MUSI/B'P1?3Z=XGTG2;W7-(A?3H99(_ -3Y%^)'_!//XT^
/V@OVF?BOIGB?X

$B=(_8$\+V5]K7BN+6K#XQ6'B+XO:O-XEU^WM_!5U8VOPT:V\?
MZ



GC+2M8NK&2%)/JKX=_M




W
MQ'TSXF_#+3OA%H'[+\7P+_8F;0=







_P ./&/Q


M_!7A\? ?X?Q_$CQC)X^U/4O$VE:SI45_H4@MO#SZ#X?\3?:M45H=4&CV8%\0
M#ZKHKYR^&W[8G[(_QE\;0?#3X0?M3?LY?%7XCW7@^U^(5M\/_AM\;_AGXY\;
M7'@&^M]
NK+QQ!X5\








M /[+**_D/_8S_;R_X*FVGQ8_X)1?M)?M0?M2?#3XQ_LX?\%=_%?Q7\



M_\ \VM'_#PK]@3_ */B_8__ /$E_@O_ /-K0!]@45\?_P##PK]@3_H^+]C_
M /\ $E_@O_\ -K1_P\*_8$_Z/B_8_P#_ !)?X+__ #:T ?8%%?'_ /P\*_8$
M_PCXOV/_P#Q)?X+_P#S:T?\/OV!/\ H^+]C_\ \27^_\ \VM 'V!17Q__
M 
/OV!/^CXOV/\ _P 27^__P VM'_#PK]@3_H^+]C_ /\ $E_@O_\ -K0!
M]@45\?\ _#PK]@3_ */B_8__ /$E_@O_ /-K1_P\*_8$_PCXOV/_P#Q)?X+
M_P#S:T ?8%%?'_\ P\*_8$_Z/B_8_P#_ !)?X+__ #:T?\/OV!/^CXOV/\
M_P 27^__P VM 'V!17Q_P#\/OV!/\ H^+]C_\ \27^_\ \VM'_#PK]@3_
M */B_8__ /$E_@O_ /-K0!]@45\?_P##PK]@3_H^+]C_ /\ $E_@O_\ -K1_
MP\*_8$_Z/B_8_P#_ !)?X+__ #:T ?8%%?'_ /P\*_8$_PCXOV/_P#Q)?X+

M?+
UG!J.L77CBS\

 ^!;]0)E^$






M $?%^Q__ .)+_!?_ .;6C_AX5^P)_P!'Q?L?_P#B2_P7_P#FUKP)2E*4I2E*



U6X_8#


:OJ:_TXT4 ?RYZO_P3[_;.\)_$^^.
MEE\#+_XG:+\(?^\WQK_ &[_  _^SGI'Q%^#=AKGQE_9W^)GP:TGX;^'/B?\




'AC_ ()%


MA=I
 ?B/_P $SOC5\2/@5^RA^R[^T9XW^%










(IXBJDZM26#PD*N-IQ*:C9).4W\
%N




M!]?4444 %%%% !7P!_P4L_Y-U^'/_9__ /P2=_\ 7IO[&]??]? '_!2S_DW7

M !1110 4444 ? 'PY_Y2F_MD?]F ?\$T_P#UHK_@K%11\.?^4IO[9'_9@'_!
M-/\ ]:*_X*Q44 ??]%%% !1110 4444 ?D%_P5J_YW_  36_PS_P#Q#_Z[

MX:GDAG.E:?;6&K^-?&#6M[%X-\+:U!IFN7VC3_#;X


MRT_4/'?BCQ?K5E;ZI'[=#+J&%HTL=G+J4Z-6JX++:,E3S#,X._)5O*,_PS


MIT

37G7QF
JKVV+Q5::IPP]Q@H



M  4L_P3=?AS_P!G_P#_  2=_P#7IO[&]??]? '_  4L_P3=?AS_P!G_P#_
M  2=_P#7IO[&] 'W_117Q#^V7^WS\'/V'$^'+_%GP]\2/$#?$Y_%J^'XOAYH



MA3Q&
P%%_5\#A
3BJKGBZ*C1HSDG*24)_;U%?+/[(O[77PT_;1^&FL?%/X6:


MOQ+_ 
%5M)\.?\%/?#7_  3X?X(ZG=?#[6$TCP!K'[5H\?6
'AGPW^U'XD^%


-_90\;?OP3\=M;\0_M+:
M+X%_:#@@^)FA:%KEW\3_ (7?LTZE\




MG?M86/[$O[*?P)\(_'GX\:/\';/X_P#Q=U/XK?&S5O@!\%_A%\




M\.?^4IO[9'_9@'_!-/\ ]:*_X*Q44 ??](S!59CDA06(569L 9.U5!9CZ*H+

M+]8\;ZK^W%^SE\2M



M_P (^$=0\
^#-&DU.^\;6=K\:]







'[



OV:OA3XN^


M&37OVF;*VB_9DU]-




$+W M


M3ZDE%))))*R25DEY+^NK=VVW]@45\?\ _##OP7_Z'7]L#_Q85^WW_P#1+T?\
M
._!?_H=?VP/_%A7[??_ -$O60S[ HKX_P#^&'?@O_T.O[8'_BPK]OO_ .B7



MB76=6U_6KUI]2UG4[_4;FYNI0#[6HHHH **** O@#_@I9_R;K\.?^S_ /\
MX)._^O3?V-Z^_PO@#_@I9_R;K\.?^S_ /\ X)._^O3?V-Z /I/QI^S3^SE\
M2/$%WXM^(GP ^?CWQ5?Q6L-]XF\:?KP+XI\07D-C;QV=E#=ZSKF@WVHW$5


YO/UVH

&P]7AZ=#!3=.O@J
M.$Q%A6I?F#^R'_P2Q^ ?[.?PUUKP1\4?#'PB_:9\0ZIXWU/Q5:^//B!\!O!

M\N=.^V0VUT]K*\T/G6\4XA:6*

M1+$YMAGG&:87*
54G'QE%9!@\VP_#]##_['AI+8;):6#C4I^UCAHU9SJ2X

N/N*\YQ/%&*GC

7@#XY?#;]F_XS:!\:_ 6K_#R]M?AM-J.K_$3P
M%KMGXMT3PE=^

M^V[%H_[='B;]N



,OB?HO[<.G?##X81W^M
MW7P!L?-C\%])LM;T[Q!J6JZMX O?%'B/]J.?P(_AG5;OXAVWP&T[Q9;Z5X9
MT[PR#_@EY^WOJGP





.T^ _Q%\,G3+C6I]3\
M-^*-7\2O_:D/T;X3_8[_ &^_@Y^T5\._VV_!M[^S'\:/CU\0_P!B/X._LN_M
MF?/XB?%WXH?/X<:W\3/A!?7?B'2OC?\&OC=X?_ &<?C-XNGM+[6/$'B[2M
M3^'_ (K^7A^/4-.U2QUP^)K/4;#^RYOTP^


M.S76-+:X:





ME\6_''PFU'^R/BIX

7PZUZX\2^.-9\7V6H:'K&D:


 _X)I_\ K17_
M  5BHH ^_PBBB@ HHHH **** /R_X*U?\ (6_X)K?]G_\ B'_UW%_P4
KP

M@JJS,QJJJ
EF)P   222  
FOE6Y^)WC3X[7$^@?L]7ZZ!\/HYY;/Q%^TG


M7.+AAL-)1JU\-$IJ-EJY/X81UE*V]EI9*ZYI-J
5JWLGW?Q(^-%OX5UNW^'G

?]E ^/_\ ZT)\4Z_
6OTZ_82_Y-H\
?\ 90/C_P#^M?%
M.@#Z^HHHH **** O@#_ (*6?\FZ_#G_ +/_ /\ @D[_ .O3?V-Z^_Z^ /\


M=_X)4?M/^
[?_@H)9_#/]FSPS-:?%K_@D?\ L3_LJ_ RUT[Q-\%- M]1^+GP


MMD.C?U



M?



M[-O[9GP(^.6N_LR369\9:9IJ-K/@+P5XQ/AGQ3JMJ/A'%K
=OIEYXRT4:K_:

MC_#_ .-7[4?[;NG_ +3_ 

M$?AC_@GI\2_#?A2Q\1_&P6.B?!Q/^$2TJ?7O)NOB#XF^(T6B6-QH&N:M_771


MZOHHH ^ /AS_ 



M*_BKX)7P[J=KHGB!O%WP]T+Q%?\ B[PV-UF^LM(U@ZSI%D-,U.\M;]\BZN
M(HG]\H _(+_@K5_R%O\ @FM_V?\ ^(?_ %W%_P %#*\$KWO_ (*U?\A;_@FM
M_P!G_P#B'_UW%_P4

MM=





\T@



JV.5*ER4L+@L
M
Y_4\NPJE#8;G45.:C*4JF(Q590A]9Q^+J5\;BG&/M:U.ECA
.XP4;N[E)


M_P#@D[_Z]-_8WK[_ *^ /^EG_)NOPY_[/\ _P#@D[_Z]-_8WH ^_PBBB@

M:?_ *T5_P %8J*/AS_RE-_;(_[, _X)I_\ K17_  5BHH ^_PFR;=C[VV)

?LQK^R;-\-O^![?\$_)/@_<_P#!1/\ X0_]K[Q%^T[J

*U
-O#?A[3?$OBR;6/$/_ !/M4EU_4]0?4-9_XFEV
,O^%NS?M0ZGHLY\7VD-UK&J7=GX07XN7ZUT^Z?_A6UC<^%+2XL3_H
M(5X/\//V6?V8_A%\1/''Q?\ A1^SE\!_AA\6?B=-JES\2OBA\//A#\/O!7Q$





1^OA==?G0'\._#'0?A=%;W5]+K&LZGXK^)'Q
'B3
MQ5X@O4C75?$_C'Q-_P *9\9ZYXH\3:CY


?X
M=%0A&
*
:


MJKY:R%925KZ(HH_M;Q-P_P#N];P0QS6SS3P=XCP;DNTO[#\;
7!/:\Z=*#;6









ER+IR 9Y+V86=U#Y


/DWR+%_3
M4^D[GF
P'T9


X.


MN([%LD9.

]!3_U[\:JG
M\+A'P)R]/?VU#





M$\N3W]AX9X_
<1^!95#O[/@?PNI<W




@MW0SN\UE=M''*L
M&*^RE*3BTK:
M70?\1.XSC_#SS


M+^(5A/X(L_@M\-=
T_7=5TBVN?&0^/.I^$?$VG:5;:O97][J\=_J7[./CFT2
M_6WM'633;RXNDU*&26P&KVDMQ'=1_MQ^Q3\!OA%\)9?'GC#X407BVWC[P[\



M':H9F; PJ(K.[$*BLQ /+CL;@LLP6
S+





M4J4JU&M1JTJE2G5IU)IIQ;C)-2BVFFFFFFTTTTFFFFFFDTTTTFFE:HK\!_V-

M+C$)U$?;=%?FAIG_  5\_8$UOPQX8\5Z+\4OB7K%IX^UKPUHOPNT'2?V4OVN

,-3\:7EQX\N]-
M\,G5/$<L7PS\2Q)K[%7DM/?_@C_ 


MZ=\




M9:E#I6F:7I]S?:?=V0FMK*WM


M)YJDJTXG










MOP1_X-_OVE/A'X)AT/5/C=\*?'?B#PG_ 
%-OV2OC5\



MX[GOM%\2^)=7TR?7+WX;^!X+N#1[+\IOBK_P0F_;!_:D_8W_ &7?^?'QT^)
M7[.'PR^W[$?PY^

OBYXH^*?QT\7:G\-?%7P?^!FH?$+X1ZA
M\
?A1X:^GA?3?#7BVX\4_&?1=$^,GQ[G\
M'/VB/AEHWP?U?PM;37O[:GPG_9^\%_M?J]MOB=J%AXPM?A9X.^$]]H-YHV

M-

?]D#Q9^P[^Q_X






M6][9)^P5^W;X0
'A[\6_LQ:):_$'6#JWB73KM?#W@*;Q+K[^%[;7_&Z:8W@
MOPIXIU_1O_^&XO@O_T)7[8'_BO7]OO_ .AHH ^P**^/_P#AN+X+_P#0E?M@
M?^*]?V^__H:*/^&XO@O_ -5^V!_XKU_;[_^AHH ^P**^/\ _AN+X+_]5^V
M!_XKU_;[_P#H:*/^&XO@O_T)7[8'_BO7]OO_ .AHH ^P**^/_P#AN+X+_P#0
ME?M@?^*]?V^__H:*/^&XO@O_ -5^V!_XKU_;[_^AHH ^P**^/\ _AN+X+_]
M5^V!_XKU_;[_P#H:*/^&XO@O_T)7[8'_BO7]OO_ .AHH ^P**^/_P#AN+X+
M_P#0E?M@?^*]?V^__H:*/^&XO@O_ -5^V!_XKU_;[_^AHH ^P**^/\ _AN+
MX+_]5^V!_XKU_;[_P#H:*/^&XO@O_T)7[8'_BO7]OO_ .AHH ^P**^/_P#A
MN+X+_P#0E?M@?^*]?V^__H:*/^&XO@O_ -5^V!_XKU_;[_^AHH ^P**^/\
M_AN+X+_]5^V!_XKU_;[_P#H:*/^&XO@O_T)7[8'_BO7]OO_ .AHH ^P**^/
M_P#AN+X+_P#0E?M@?^*]?V^__H:*/^&XO@O_ -5^V!_XKU_;[_^AHH ^P**
M^/\ _AN+X+_]5^V!_XKU_;[_P#H:*/^&XO@O_T)7[8'_BO7]OO_ .AHH ^P

MBBB@ KX _X*6?\ )NOPY_[/_P#^3O_ *]-_8WK[_KX _X*6?\ )NOPY_[/


MXR^$OBI_A?XJ_:.^+%EK?P5GTX:'XQUV77+_ 

M;XP_\$DOV+OV*?BWX%_8J\;?\$S#\0/ASXK^!'AN]L_B=\*OB!J7[=5Y)IT7
F:E<:M+<_8O!6MP_0OA#]@G]L[PY_P %

M?]F ?\$T_P#UHK_@K%10!]_T444 4M3LO[2TW4-.^UWVG_VA8W=E]OTRX^RZ






M0_\ KN+_ (*&5X)7O?\ P5J_YW_  36_PS_P#Q#_Z[B_X*&5X)0 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7Z=?L)?

M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %8?B?Q)HO@WPUXA\7^)+Z/2_#OA30]6\2:_J4JR/%IVBZ'87




M


M_PE?\ ]%O1_P .?/V(_P#GG^V!_P+,/\ @I7_ /1;T ?(M%?77_#GS]B/
M_GG^V!_XLP_X*5__ $6]'_#GS]B/_GG^V!_XLP_X*5__ $6] 'R+17UU_P .
M?/V(_P#GG^V!_P+
/\ @I7_ /1;T?\ #GS]B/\ YY_M@?\ BS#_ (*5_P#T
M6] 'R+17UU_PY\_8C_YY_M@?^+
/^E?_P!%O1_PY\_8C_YY_M@?^+,/^E?




7^A:U9Z]?M;Z5=:3J
%V]G-]-_\.?/V(_\ GG^V!_XLP_X*
M5_\ T6] 'R+17UU_PY\_8C_YY_M@?^+

M8C_YY_M@?^+


\9^)/$/A/XB7VIZSXD\2Z

M?#S]EW6?&7D_'?XI^ O&WQ0\$^ ;7P[XKU6XO_A_\.[[1=
\6^*M5U[2M#O?






8OL?B36-#T[PUXGU2T\.ZYI%]K,?A#5]?BT:_M]-UV
M73M48V0_F4_8_P!0_9P_X(Y?MN?\%J/A;\Y+[P=^PM^R_\ LB_LX_M2:U\(
M9?B9XU^)&F?#[XW:EX.\5MJ^EZ%-XRUKQ?KVD^*?BUHMCX=_MRU?7GUC5)%
M\&1V\
^@6FAV^C=7X!_8S_9!^'/_  1@^%6K?\%:/%/CJYT_]H;XI^(?VV/V
MD_A-X

M_!//]K#4_B7\

M7\86'BX _LZHK^


?\%N

MT=\&?V7?!&F?$3XY^


M_P! :O$-?_:.^#/ACX_?#S]EW6?&7D_'?XI^ O&WQ0\$^ ;7P[XKU6XO_A_\
M.[[1=


MP%X)\.ZQXE\
//B/\-/!W[<'_  1P\8?$C]J75/'QNUWQCXOUGQT=3\-VOP^
M_:HTU?%LOCCP]X=^)\VLZ_XC;P5XBL_#VE_#^RN+[Q//ANUM[C6]'U@ _L
MHHK^3;_@FU^SWHNF_LV_\'&W[
/A#QQ;^']/U;]M+]KOX0:'\2/C_P#$GQ'K
M44&J^

MW



%/ACX\\2ZUXM^#ECHVM?%KPUH

M-X5T'6_$_B+4;;1_#_AS2-2U[7=6O7\NSTO1M'LYM0U/4;N3!\NVLK*WGN9W
MP=D43M@XQ7GWP*^.'PQ_:5^#_P //CU\%_$-SXM^%'Q7\
V'C+X?^*+OPUXJ







M]J#6_C?_ 
%
OV^-:^.?Q*^(WAOP[X
2/5+!?V';FYU;Q)?_  UO_B1XA\.:




MH5T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

@@CL0:=10!^/GP_P"!W_!)G]E_P/

M^





MVF\3W]XGVU^VM_P3H_8U_PB/@/P5\
OVP_@U'\7/ WPZ\3-XP\&:!#X]^)


M:JE[HWB#7+'4.X\1?\$7O^9/BG]D7PG^PCJO[*_A^+]E7P5X]3XI:'\,-\

]=EN-/73K


'V
M7[0+



M&/\ PO#]H_P9_:5MX7T+3_#6A1?\(]\/OB_X4\*V?V'1-+L++?I^AVLEUY'V






M76LWAJ*;P-INI:%X8NWLT]?^!7_!-[X!_O_ ()U^$/^;7CC31\5_@O;_!R

^J





MQ[^Q/\(]1^+/PPTCX?Z#X/OM'_X2KP?X(AT;X56D&F_#O3M?^$'@SQ)X?^#_


M#XZ;X1OXS;X

M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
61110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?_V0$!
end













 February 11










2013-11-30












2013-11-30












2013-11-30












2013-11-30












2013-11-30












2013-11-30












2013-11-30












2013-11-30









2013-12-01


2014-11-30












2013-12-01


2014-11-30












2013-12-01


2014-11-30












2013-12-01


2014-11-30












2013-12-01


2014-11-30












2013-12-01


2014-11-30












2013-12-01


2014-11-30












2013-12-01


2014-11-30












2013-12-01


2014-11-30












2013-12-01


2014-11-30









2014-11-30












2014-11-30












2014-11-30












2014-11-30












2014-11-30












2014-11-30












2014-11-30












2014-11-30












2014-11-30












2015-04-20












2015-04-01


2015-04-20









2014-12-01


2015-11-30












2014-12-01


2015-11-30












2014-12-01


2015-11-30












2014-12-01


2015-11-30












2014-12-01


2015-11-30












2014-12-01


2015-11-30












2014-12-01


2015-11-30












2014-12-01


2015-11-30












2014-12-01


2015-11-30












2014-12-01


2015-11-30












2014-12-01


2015-11-30












2014-12-01


2015-11-30









2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30









2015-12-01


2015-12-30









2015-12-25


2015-12-30












2016-01-18












2016-01-05


2016-01-18













2016-04-08













2016-04-01


2016-04-08












2016-04-28













2016-04-28












2016-04-02


2016-04-28













2016-04-02


2016-04-28












2016-05-16












2016-05-06


2016-05-16









2016-05-31












2016-05-01


2016-05-31












2016-05-01


2016-05-31













2016-06-11


2016-06-17












2016-06-27


2016-06-29













2016-07-01












2016-07-13












2016-07-02


2016-07-13













2016-07-20













2016-07-20












2016-08-08













2016-08-08












2016-08-02


2016-08-08













2016-08-02


2016-08-08












2016-08-01


2016-08-31









2016-08-29


2016-09-01









2016-09-05


2016-09-30









2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30












2015-12-01


2016-11-30









2016-11-30












2016-11-30












2016-11-30












2016-11-30












2016-11-30












2016-11-30












2016-11-30












2016-11-30












2016-11-30












2016-11-30












2016-11-30












2016-11-30












2016-11-30













2016-11-30









2017-02-10













CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY






























































































































































































































































































































































































&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;ORGANIZATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;)
 formerly known as Rich Star Development
 was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on May 29
 2009. From its inception until the closing of the reverse merger described below
 the Company was a development-stage company in the business of&amp;#160;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;sourcing and distributing food products
 paper products
 janitorial products
 restaurant utensils and equipment to the food service industry in the PRC.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On April 20
 2015
 the Company completed a reverse merger transaction through a share exchange with the stockholders of Biotechnology International Holding Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Biotechnology International&amp;#8221;)
 whereby the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of Biotechnology International in exchange for 32
000
000 shares of its common stock
 representing 90.14% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock. As a result of the reverse merger
 Biotechnology International became the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiary and the former Biotechnology International stockholders became our controlling stockholders. The share exchange transaction was treated as a reverse acquisition
 with Biotechnology International as the acquirer and the Company as the acquired party for accounting purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On January 8
 2015
 the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its articles of incorporation to change its name from &amp;#8220;Rich Star Development&amp;#8221; to &amp;#8220;China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc.&amp;#8221;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On July 20
 2016 the Company filed with the Nevada Secretary of State a Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation. &amp;#160;The Certificate of Amendment increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from 75 million to 100 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;Majority-owned subsidiary: Gu&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;angdong Gewang&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;As a result of the transaction with Biotechnology International
 the Company owns all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Hong Kong Gewang Holdings Group Limited (&amp;#8220;Hong Kong Gewang&amp;#8221;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Biotechnology International
 which in turn owns all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Gewang Selenium Enrichment Information Consulting (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Gewang Selenium&amp;#8221;). Before August 8
 2016
 the Company effectively and substantially controlled Guangdong Gewang Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Guangdong Gewang&amp;#8221;) through a series of captive agreements between Guangdong Gewang and Gewang Selenium. Guangdong Gewang
 incorporated under the laws of the People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (&amp;#8220;PRC&amp;#8221;) on June 2010
 is primarily engaged in the sale of selenium supplements within the PRC. It is a member of the Chinese Selenium Supplements Association.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;br  /&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On July 13
 2016
 Gewang Selenium exercised its option to purchase all of the registered equity of Guangdong Gewang. The purchase price paid for the equity was RMB10
000 (approximately $1
500). The equity was purchased from Shili Zhang
 Yun Zeng and Wei Xu. Shili Zhang was the Company&amp;#8217;s CEO until April 8
 2016 and is the father of Mengdi Zhang
 who was the beneficial owner of 22.7% of the Company's outstanding common stock at the time of the sale on July 13
 2016. The other two sellers are not affiliated with the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Upon application to the provincial government for registration of the transfer of equity
 the Company was informed that Gewang Selenium would not be permitted to own 100% of Guangdong Gewang. Therefore the parties modified the exercise of the option to provide that Gewang Selenium would purchase only 98% of the registered equity of Guangdong Gewang. The purchase price paid for the equity was RMB 9
800 (approximately $1
500). The remaining 2% of the registered equity was then sold by Yun Zeng to Haiping Wu for a price of RMB 200
000 (approximately $30
400)
 which equaled 2% of the registered equity of Guangdong Gewang. Haiping Wu is a Director of Guangdong Gewang. The acquisition
 as modified
 was then approved by the provincial government on August 8
 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Prior to the acquisition
 Gewang Selenium controlled Guangdong Gewang through a series of contractual agreements
 which made Guangdong Gewang a variable interest entity
 the effect of which was to cause the balance sheet and operating results of Guangdong Gewang to be consolidated with those of Gewang Selenium in the Company's financial statements. As a result of the acquisition by Gewang Selenium of registered ownership of Guangdong Gewang
 the balance sheet and operating results of Guangdong Gewang will hereafter continue to be consolidated with those of Gewang Selenium as its majority-owned subsidiary. &amp;#160;The previous non-controlling interest was reclassified to additional paid-in-capital.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: black; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;br  /&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Equity investment: Guangdong Tianmei&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On April 28
 2016
 the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary
 Biotechnology International
 entered into an investment agreement with Guangdong Tianmei Selenium-Rich Beverage Chain Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Guangdong Tianmei&amp;#8221;). Guangdong Tianmei was organized in May 2015
 and is engaged in the business of distributing selenium-rich bottled water and also functions as a placement agent for a variety of products from various manufacturers
 all within the PRC. The investment agreement provided that Biotechnology International would pay US$1
000
000 to acquire a 30% interest in an Australian corporation to be formed
 which would indirectly own all of the equity in Guangdong Tianmei.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The foregoing acquisition by Biotechnology International of 30% of Tianmei Beverage Group Corporation Limited
 an Australian corporation (Tianmei Australia)
 was completed in May 2016
 at which time Tianmei Australia acquired ownership
 through subsidiaries
 of Guangdong Tianmei. The $1
000
000 purchase price was paid in full on June 17
 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;As a result of the entry into the foregoing agreements
 the Company has a corporate structure which is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: center; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;img alt=image_001.jpg src=image_001.jpg  /&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 investments are carried at cost and increased or decreased by the Company&amp;#8217;s pro-rata share of earnings or losses. The carrying costs of these investments is also increased or decreased to reflect additional contributions or withdrawals of capital. Any difference in the book equity and the Company&amp;#8217;s pro-rata share of the net assets of the investment will be reported as gain or loss at the liquidation of the investment. Losses in excess of the investments are recorded when the Company is committed to provide additional financial support. The Company uses the equity method for investment of 30% because the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence over these entities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;All consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements are presented in United States dollars (&amp;#8220;US Dollar&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;US$&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;$&amp;#8221;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal
 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foreign currency translations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Almost all of the Company assets are located in the PRC. The functional currency for the Company&amp;#8217;s operations is the Renminbi (&amp;#8220;RMB&amp;#8221;). The Company uses the United States Dollar (&amp;#8220;US Dollar&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;US$&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;$&amp;#8221;) for financial reporting purposes. The financial statements of the Company have been translated into US Dollars in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Update (ASU) Section 830, &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Foreign Currency Matters&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#8221;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;All asset and liability accounts have been translated using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date. Equity accounts have been translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred. Statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity and cash flows have been translated using the average exchange rate for the periods presented. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements are recorded as other comprehensive income (loss).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The exchange rates used to translate amounts in RMB into US Dollars for the purposes of preparing the financial statements are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;November&amp;#160;30,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: center;
 font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;November&amp;#160;30, 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;November&amp;#160;30, 2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; padding-left: 5.4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; padding-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Balance sheet items, except for stockholders&amp;#8217; equity, as of year end&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.1452&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;0.1561&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;0.1631&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-indent: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=10&gt;Year Ended November 30,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-indent: 0pt; padding-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color:
 white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-indent: 0pt; padding-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-indent: 0pt; padding-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Amounts included in the statements of income and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity and cash flows for the year presented&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.1515&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;0.1610&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;0.1628&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For the years ended November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, foreign currency translation adjustments of $(1,455,633), $(315,020), and $1,333, respectively, have been reported as other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) of the Company consists entirely of foreign currency translation adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Although PRC government regulations now allow convertibility of the RMB for current account transactions, significant restrictions still remain. Hence, such translations should not be construed as representations that the RMB could be converted into US Dollars at that rate or any other rate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The value of the RMB against the US Dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in the PRC&amp;#8217;s political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of the RMB may materially affect the Company&amp;#8217;s financial condition in terms of US Dollar reporting. In August 2015, the PRC devalued its currency by approximately 3.5%; in January 2016 the PRC devalued its currency by an additional 0.5%; from February 2016 to November 2016, the PRC devalued its currency by an additional 7%. Further devaluations of its currency could occur.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px;
 white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black;&gt;Revenues are primarily derived from selling selenium supplements and selenium products to wholesale customers, contract distributors, and from our retail stores. The Company&amp;#8217;s revenue recognition policies comply with FASB ASC 605 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221; The Company recognizes revenue when the following fundamental criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred, (iii) the price paid by the customer is fixed or determinable and (iv) collection of the resulting account receivable is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue for sales upon transfer of title to the customers. Customer purchase orders and/or contracts are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping documents and the completion of any customer acceptance requirements, when applicable, are used to verify product delivery. The Company assesses whether a price is fixed or determinable based upon the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment. For manufacturing defects identified by customers at acceptance, the Company will return the goods to the manufacturer and receive replacements. The Company has no product returns or sales discounts and allowances because goods delivered and accepted by customers are not returnable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Wholesale Revenue&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Wholesale revenue is recognized when title to the product is transferred to the distributors. Title is transferred upon receipt at the distributors&amp;#8217; locations, as determined by the specific sales terms.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company pays distributors certain incentives for promoting and placing its products, which allows the Company to quickly expand its distribution network and sales volume. The costs associated with these incentives is deducted from gross revenue in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Retail Revenue&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000;
 font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Company-operated retail store revenues are recognized when payment is tendered at the point of sale.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Franchise Revenue&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In June 2016, the Company commenced franchising the use of the Company's trademark, name identification and other business resources. The franchisee is required to pay franchise fees and management fees to the Company. Franchise fees are recognized only when all material services or conditions relating to the sale have been substantially performed or satisfied by the Company. In September 2016, the Company terminated its two franchise agreements for marketing reasons. The Company returned the total franchise fees to the franchisees and kept the management fees of $35,290 as per the termination agreements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s net revenues for the years ended November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were comprised as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Wholesale gross revenue-selenium supplements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;b&gt;8,600,092&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;2,945,440&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;1,930,057&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Wholesale gross revenue-selenium products&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;b&gt;36,306,396&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Less: promotion fees-selenium products,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3,745,883&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Wholesale revenues, net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;b&gt;41,160,605&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,945,440&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,930,057&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Retail revenue-selenium supplements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2,946,182&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Retail revenues-selenium products&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;b&gt;1,377,922&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,238,815&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;437,959&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Management fee revenues&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;35,290&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;
 border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;b&gt;45,519,999&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;4,184,255&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;2,368,016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Shipping costs incurred by the Company are recorded as selling expenses. Shipping costs for the years ended November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $96,969, $44,326 and $27,545, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Advertising costs are charged to operations when incurred. For the years ended November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, advertising expenses were $619,447, $82,110
 and $70,013, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company considers all demand and time deposits and all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accounts receivable are recorded at the contract amount after deduction of trade discounts and, allowances, if any, and do not bear interest. The allowance for doubtful accounts, when necessary, is the Company&amp;#8217;s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses from accounts receivable. The Company determines the allowance based on historical write-off experience, the level of past-due accounts based on the contractual terms of the receivable, the relationship with the customer and current economic conditions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;As of November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, accounts receivable were $11,205,011, $267,868 and $0, respectively. The increase is primarily due to the recent sales with new wholesale distributors which has been subsequently fully collected. Therefore, the Company determined that an allowance for doubtful accounts was not necessary. Historically, the Company did not have any uncollectable accounts receivable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new
 roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventory&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Inventory, comprised principally of boxed selenium capsules, selenium-glossy ganoderma capsules and selenium powder, is valued at the lower of cost or market. The value of inventory is determined using the first-in, first-out method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company periodically estimates an inventory allowance for estimated unmarketable inventories when necessary. Inventory amounts are reported net of such allowances, if any. There were no allowances for inventory as of November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 22.5pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 13.5pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair value of financial instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 22.5pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 13.5pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;FASB ASC 820,&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurement&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with ASC 820, the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 22.5pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 13.5pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.8in; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&amp;#160;Inputs&amp;#160;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 2pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 22.5pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 13.5pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.8in; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&amp;#160;Inputs&amp;#160;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 2pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 22.5pt;
 text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 13.5pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.8in; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&amp;#160;Inputs&amp;#160;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 2pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Inputs based on valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data, when available, in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 22.5pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 13.5pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair value of financial instruments (continued)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Carrying values of non-derivative financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, inventory, prepaid expenses, equity investment, accounts payable, taxes payable, accrued liabilities and other payables, and loan from stockholder, approximated their fair values due to the short nature of these financial instruments. There were no changes in methods or assumptions during the periods presented.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Prepaid expenses primarily consist of promotion expenses, rent, advertising expenses and licensing fees.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align:
 justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Prepaid promotion expenses represent prepayments made to resellers for distributing products to retail stores. In March 2016, the Company entered into agreements with four distributors. In June, July and September 2016, the Company entered into agreements with another four distributors. Prepaid promotion expenses as of November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $4,275,602, $0 and $0, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On January 5, 2011, the Company entered into a license agreement for the technology utilized for the manufacture of its products from an unrelated third party for five years from January 2011 to December 2015. On December 30, 2015, the Company renewed the license agreement for another five years to December 2020 for $90,872 (RMB 600,000) each year. The related prepaid licensing fees as of November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $7,259, $7,805 and $8,155, respectively. The license provides for renewal options. Since this agreement requires the advance payment of the annual licensing fee, there were no minimum payments remaining under this agreement as of November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On September 30, 2016, the Company entered into a six-month agreement with an advertising company for $908,725 (RMB 6,000,000). As of November 30, 2016, the unamortized balance of $605,816 was included in prepaid expenses on the balance sheet.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company applies FASB ASC 360, &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Property, Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;,&amp;#8221; which addresses the financial accounting and reporting for the recognition and measurement of impairment losses for long-lived assets. In accordance with ASC 360, long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company will recognize the impairment of long-lived assets in the event the net book value of such assets exceeds the future undiscounted cash flows attributable to those assets. No impairment of long-lived assets was recognized for the years ended November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Statutory reserve fund&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Pursuant to corporate law of the PRC, the Company is required to transfer 10% of its net income, as determined under PRC accounting rules and regulations, to a statutory reserve fund until such reserve balance reaches 50% of the Company&amp;#8217;s registered capital. The statutory reserve fund is non-distributable other than during liquidation and can be used to fund previous years&amp;#8217; losses, if any, and may be utilized for business expansion or used to increase registered capital, provided that the remaining reserve balance after use is not less than 25% of registered capital. The statutory reserve fund was $759,094, $281,766, and
 $144,454 as of November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. As of November 30, 2016, the required statutory reserve fund has been fully funded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740, &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 740&amp;#8221;), which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences, which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income taxes (continued)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;ASC 740 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under ASC 740, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position would be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, and accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions. As of November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company does not have a liability for any unrecognized tax benefits. The Company&amp;#8217;s tax filings are subject to examination by the tax authorities. The tax years of 2103, 2014 and 2015 remain open to examination by tax authorities in the PRC.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The income tax laws of various jurisdictions in which the Company and its subsidiaries operate are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal;
 -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;United States&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company is subject to United States tax at graduated rates from 15% to 35%. No provisions for income tax in the United States have been made as the Company had no U.S. taxable income for the years ended November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;British Virgin Islands&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;(&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;BVI&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Biotechnology International is incorporated in the BVI and is governed by the income tax laws of the BVI. According to current BVI income tax law, the applicable income tax rate for the Company is 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Hong Kong Gewang is incorporated in Hong Kong. Pursuant to the income tax laws of Hong Kong, the Company is not subject to tax on non-Hong Kong source income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;The People's Republic of China (&amp;#8220;PRC&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.5in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12 (Subtopic 606), &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221; The new standards address that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim and annual reporting periods thereafter (which equates to January 1, 2018 for public entities with a December 31 year-end). Revenue is recognized when a company satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service to a customer, which is when the customer obtains control of that good or service. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of the new standard on our financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Leases&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#8221; The new standard establishes a right-of-use (&amp;#8220;ROU&amp;#8221;) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. We do not believe this will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements as currently all leases are prepaid.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11 (Subtopic 330), &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&lt;/i&gt;,&amp;#8221; which provides guidance to companies who account for inventory using either the first-in, first-out (&amp;#8220;FIFO&amp;#8221;) or average cost methods. The guidance states that companies should measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01 (Subtopic 225-20), &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Income Statement &amp;#8211; Extraordinary and Unusual Items&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#8221; This ASU addressed the simplification of income statement presentation by eliminating the concept of extraordinary items. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years,
 and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 35.1pt; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company entered into a promotion agreement with Guangdong Tianmei, in which it holds an indirect 30% ownership interest. Promotions expenses incurred during the year ended November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 in connection with this relationship were $626,147, $0, and $0, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company entered into an agreement with Guangdong Tianmei on June 10, 2015 to license the use of the Company&amp;#8217;s trademark for 10 years. Trademark revenue recorded for the years ended November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $1,470, $0 and $0, respectively. The future commitment is approximately $1,500 each year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Equity investment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On April 28, 2016, the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Biotechnology International, entered into an investment agreement with Guangdong Tianmei. At that time, 88% of the equity in Guangdong Tianmei was owned by two individuals who together directly or indirectly owned over 60% of the Company's outstanding shares. The investment agreement provided that Biotechnology International would pay US$1,000,000 to acquire a 30% interest in an Australian corporation to be formed, which would indirectly own all of the equity in Guangdong Tianmei.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;br  /&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The acquisition by Biotechnology International of 30% of Tianmei Australia was completed in May 2016, at which time Tianmei Australia acquired ownership, through subsidiaries, of Guangdong Tianmei. The investment agreement provided that payment of the $1,000,000 purchase price was due on June 20, 2016, which was paid in full on June 17, 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The net worth of Guangdong Tianmei at the time of the acquisition was $4,888,840, 30% of which was $1,466,652. Because the Company and Guangdong Tianmei were under common control at the time of the acquisition, the $466,652 by which the Company's share of the net book value of Guangdong Tianmei exceeded the purchase price has been recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The changes in the equity investment are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;November&amp;#160;30, 2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;November&amp;#160;30, 2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;November&amp;#160;30, 2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Initial investment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;1,466,652&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Pro rata share of net income&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;4,536,760&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Investment, end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;6,003,412&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The following is a summary of balance sheet of the investee for the year ended November 30, 2016:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Current assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;41,948,599&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Noncurrent assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;1,321,713&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;14,760,307&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Noncurrent liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Equity&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;28,510,005&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The following is a summary of results of operations of the investee for the period from the acquisition date to November 30, 2016:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 35.55pt; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;LEASES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company leased its warehouse and office space from an unrelated third party under a one-year operating lease, which expired on July 1, 2016. The lease required the Company to prepay the total rent of $90,872 (RMB 600,000) in advance for one year. On June 29, 2016, the Company renewed the lease, which commenced on July 2, 2016 and expires on July 1, 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The following leases terminated during the year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.75in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.25in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company leased its Chancheng store from an unrelated third party. The lease, which expired on August 31, 2015, required the Company to prepay the rent of $41,801 (RMB 276,000) in advance for one year. The Company renewed this lease to August 31, 2016 and prepaid the rent of $54,523 (RMB 360,000) in advance for one year. On May 31, 2016, the Company terminated the lease with a $4,576 settlement fee.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.75in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.25in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company leased its Xiamen store from an unrelated third party. The lease expired on June 1, 2016 and the Company decided not to renew the lease.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;
 -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.75in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.25in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company also leased its Changsha store from an unrelated third party. The lease, which was to expire on October 7, 2018, required the Company to prepay the rent of $63,611 (RMB 420,000) in advance for one year. On May 31, 2016, the Company terminated the lease without any settlement fee.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The following leases remained in effect at November 30, 2016:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.75in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.25in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company leases its flagship store in Guangzhou from an unrelated third party. The lease commenced on June 1, 2016 and expires on May 31, 2017. The lease required the Company to prepay the rent of $145,396 (RMB 960,000) in advance for one year. The Company paid the rent in June 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.75in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.25in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company leases its Foshan store, Longyan store and Zhuzhou store from three unrelated third parties. All three leases commenced on June 1, 2016 and expire on May 31, 2017. These leases each required the Company to prepay the rent of $63,611 (RMB 420,000) in advance for one year. The Company fully paid the rent in June 2016. Since these leases require the advance payment of the annual rent, there are no minimum payments remaining under these leases.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.5in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;FIXED ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Fixed assets as of November 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Electronic equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;125,850&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;68,733&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;121,151&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;69,714&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;12,031&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;12,936&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;259,032&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;151,383&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(130,265&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(85,523&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Fixed assets - net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;128,767&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;65,860&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.5in; text-indent: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The provision for income taxes for the years ended November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal calibri
 helvetica
 sans-serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif;&gt;Current&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-weight: bold;&gt;3,075,733&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif;&gt;457,922&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif;&gt;264,553&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif;
 font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;3,075,733&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;457,922&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;264,553&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;No provisions for income taxes in the United States have been made. The Company did not generate any income in the United States or otherwise have any U.S. taxable income. The Company does not believe that it has any U.S. Federal income tax liabilities with respect to any transactions that the Company or any of its subsidiaries may have engaged in through November 30, 2016. However, there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service (&amp;#8220;IRS&amp;#8221;) will agree with this position, and therefore the Company ultimately could be liable for U.S. Federal income taxes, interest and penalties. The tax years ended November 30, 2015, December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 remain open to examination by the IRS.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none;
 font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.5in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT AND BUSINESS RISKS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Substantially all of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets and bank accounts are in banks located in the PRC and are not covered by protection similar to that provided by the FDIC on funds held in United States banks.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Major customers&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;For the year ended November 30, 2016, three customers accounted for 48% of total sales. For the year ended November 30, 2015, no customers accounted for over 10% of total sales. For the year ended November 30, 2014, three customers accounted for 35% of revenue. As of November 30, 2016, three customers accounted for 64% of trade accounts receivable. As of November 30, 2015, seven customers accounted for 90% of accounts receivable. There was no accounts receivable as of November 30,&amp;#160;&lt;font style=color: #0d0d0d;&gt;2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #0d0d0d; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Vulnerability Due to Operations in the PRC&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.5in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On January 18, 2016 the Company sold an aggregate of 12,000,000 shares of common stock to four individuals in a private offering. &amp;#160;None of the purchasers were affiliated with the Company. The purchase price for the shares was three RMB (approximately US$0.4561) per share, or a total of 36 million RMB (approximately US$5,473,200). The purchase price was paid by the investors to Guangdong Gewang, which at that time was managed by the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiary and accounted for as a variable interest entity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.5in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On December 30, 2015, the Company entered into a technology usage agreement with the Academy of Agricultural Sciences of Shandong Province (the Academy) for the right of using a non-patented selenium-enrichment technology for its supplements manufacturing. The agreement commenced on December 30, 2015 and expires on December 29, 2020. Annual fee of RMB 600,000, approximately $87,000, is required to be paid in advance by the agreement before December 30 each year.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;As of September 1, 2016, the Company entered into a long-term agreement with the Academy. This agreement entitles the Company to the exclusive right of first refusal to use the research related to advanced selenium-enrichment techniques and technology that the Academy develops. The agreement calls for annual payments of approximately $2,324,000 (RMB 4,000,000) to be paid on a quarterly basis. For the use of the techniques and/or technology developed, there will be additional charges to be negotiated.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On July 1, 2016, the Company entered into three year agreements with four of its directors for a total of approximately $15,000 (RMB 110,000) per month.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.5in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;PARENT COMPANY ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The following is the condensed financial information of China Gewang Biotechnology, Inc., the US parent, consisting of balance sheets as of November 30, 2016 and 2015, and statements of income and cash flows for the years ended November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Balance Sheets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;November&amp;#160;30,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;November&amp;#160;30,&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;
 font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other receivable from Guangdong Gewang&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;14,848,200&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5,000,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Investments in subsidiaries and VIE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;16,520,171&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3,977,483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size:
 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;31,368,371&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;8,977,483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 serif; margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=text-transform: uppercase; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#8217;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 serif; margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=text-transform: uppercase; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Current liabilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;33,375&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;33,375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Loans from third party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;220,396&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Loan from stockholder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;236,216&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;156,866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;
 background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;489,987&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;190,241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stockholders&amp;#8217; equity:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Common stock, $0.001 par value, 100,000,000 and 75,000,000 shares authorized, 75,000,000 and 45,500,000 shares issued and outstanding as of November 30,&amp;#160;&amp;#160;2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;75,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;45,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Additional paid-in capital&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;16,980,102&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6,525,743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Retained earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;14,771,252&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2,270,416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Statutory reserve fund&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;759,094&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;281,766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other comprehensive (loss) income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1,707,064&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;
 border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(252,022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total stockholder&amp;#8217;s equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;30,878,384&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;8,787,242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#8217; EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;
 background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;31,368,371&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;8,977,483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Statements of Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended November 30,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family:
 calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenues:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Share of earnings from investments in subsidiaries and VIE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;13,358,543&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1,310,747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;724,555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;General and administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;188,852&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;183,824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6,417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;13,169,691&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1,126,923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;718,138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Condensed Statements of Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal calibri
 helvetica
 sans-serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended November 30,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style:
 solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash flows from operating activities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;13,169,691&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1,126,923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;718,138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Share of earnings from investment in subsidiaries and VIE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13,358,543&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(1,310,747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(724,555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;188,852&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;183,824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6,417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black;
 border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net change in cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash, beginning of year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash, end of year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Noncash financing activities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Payment of accrued expenses and other payables by shareholder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;298,938&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size:
 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;159,689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6,417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company records its investment in its subsidiaries and VIE under the equity method of accounting. Such investments are presented as &amp;#8220;Investments in subsidiaries and VIE&amp;#8221; on the condensed balance sheets and the subsidiaries and VIE profits are presented as &amp;#8220;Share of earnings from investments in subsidiaries and VIE&amp;#8221; on the condensed statements of income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted. The parent only financial information has been derived from the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;There were no cash transactions in the US parent company during the years ended November 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted Net Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Under the PRC laws and regulations, the Company&amp;#8217;s PRC subsidiaries and VIE are restricted in their ability to transfer certain of their net assets to the Company in the form of dividend payments, loans or advances. The restricted net assets of the Company&amp;#8217;s PRC subsidiaries and the VIE were approximately $31,368,000 and $8,977,000 as of November 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new
 roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s operations and revenues are conducted and generated in the PRC, and all of the Company&amp;#8217;s revenues being earned and currency received are denominated in RMB. RMB is subject to the foreign exchange control regulations in China, and, as a result, the Company may be unable to distribute any dividends outside of China due to the PRC foreign exchange control regulations that restrict the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to convert RMB into US Dollars.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; width: 31.5pt; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-transform: uppercase; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of accounting and presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The consolidated financial statements include those of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company uses the equity method of accounting for its equity investments in Tianmei Australia. The investment was under common control and can be significantly influenced. Under the equity method, investments are carried at cost and increased or decreased by the Company&amp;#8217;s pro-rata share of earnings or losses. The carrying costs of these investments is also increased or decreased to reflect additional contributions or withdrawals of capital. Any difference in the book equity and the Company&amp;#8217;s pro-rata share of the net assets of the investment will be reported as gain or loss at the liquidation of the investment. Losses in excess of the investments are recorded when the Company is committed to provide additional financial support. The Company uses the equity method for investment of 30% because the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence over these entities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foreign currency translations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Almost all of the Company assets are located in the PRC. The functional currency for the Company&amp;#8217;s operations is the Renminbi (&amp;#8220;RMB&amp;#8221;). The Company uses the United States Dollar (&amp;#8220;US Dollar&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;US$&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;$&amp;#8221;) for financial reporting purposes. The financial statements of the Company have been translated into US Dollars in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Update (ASU) Section 830
 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Foreign Currency Matters&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#8221;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;All asset and liability accounts have been translated using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date. Equity accounts have been translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred. Statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss)
 changes in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity and cash flows have been translated using the average exchange rate for the periods presented. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements are recorded as other comprehensive income (loss).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The exchange rates used to translate amounts in RMB into US Dollars for the purposes of preparing the financial statements are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;November&amp;#160;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;November&amp;#160;30
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;November&amp;#160;30
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; padding-left: 5.4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; color:
 #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 100px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 100px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 100px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; padding-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Balance sheet items
 except for stockholders&amp;#8217; equity
 as of year end&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.1452&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;0.1561&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;0.1631&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-indent: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=10&gt;Year Ended November 30
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-indent: 0pt; padding-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-indent: 0pt; padding-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 100px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 100px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 100px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-indent: 0pt; padding-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Amounts included in the statements of income and comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity and cash flows for the year presented&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.1515&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;0.1610&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;0.1628&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;For the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 foreign currency translation adjustments of $(1
455
633)
 $(315
020)
 and $1
333
 respectively
 have been reported as other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) of the Company consists entirely of foreign currency translation adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Although PRC government regulations now allow convertibility of the RMB for current account transactions
 significant restrictions still remain. Hence
 such translations should not be construed as representations that the RMB could be converted into US Dollars at that rate or any other rate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The value of the RMB against the US Dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by
 among other things
 changes in the PRC&amp;#8217;s political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of the RMB may materially affect the Company&amp;#8217;s financial condition in terms of US Dollar reporting. In August 2015
 the PRC devalued its currency by approximately 3.5%; in January 2016 the PRC devalued its currency by an additional 0.5%; from February 2016 to November 2016


 contract distributors
 and from our retail stores. The Company&amp;#8217;s revenue recognition policies comply with FASB ASC 605 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221; The Company recognizes revenue when the following fundamental criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) delivery has occurred
 (iii) the price paid by the customer is fixed or determinable and (iv) collection of the resulting account receivable is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue for sales upon transfer of title to the customers. Customer purchase orders and/or contracts are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping documents and the completion of any customer acceptance requirements
 when applicable
 are used to verify product delivery. The Company assesses whether a price is fixed or determinable based upon the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment. For manufacturing defects identified by customers at acceptance
 the Company will return the goods to the manufacturer and receive replacements. The Company has no product returns or sales discounts and allowances because goods delivered and accepted by customers are not returnable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Wholesale Revenue&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Wholesale revenue is recognized when title to the product is transferred to the distributors. Title is transferred upon receipt at the distributors&amp;#8217; locations
 as determined by the specific sales terms.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company pays distributors certain incentives for promoting and placing its products
 which allows the Company to quickly expand its distribution network and sales volume. The costs associated with these incentives is deducted from gross revenue in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Retail Revenue&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width:
 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Company-operated retail store revenues are recognized when payment is tendered at the point of sale.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Franchise Revenue&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In June 2016
 the Company commenced franchising the use of the Company's trademark
 name identification and other business resources. The franchisee is required to pay franchise fees and management fees to the Company. Franchise fees are recognized only when all material services or conditions relating to the sale have been substantially performed or satisfied by the Company. In September 2016
 the Company terminated its two franchise agreements for marketing reasons. The Company returned the total franchise fees to the franchisees and kept the management fees of $35
290 as per the termination agreements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s net revenues for the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 were comprised as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Wholesale gross revenue-selenium supplements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;b&gt;8
600
092&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width:
 125px; text-align: right;&gt;2
945
440&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;1
930
057&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Wholesale gross revenue-selenium products&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;b&gt;36
306
396&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Less: promotion fees-selenium products
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3
745
883&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Wholesale revenues
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;b&gt;41
160
605&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
945
440&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
930
057&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Retail revenue-selenium supplements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
946
182&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Retail revenues-selenium products&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
377
922&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
238
815&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;437
959&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Management fee revenues&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;35
290&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align:
 right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;b&gt;45
519
999&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;4
184
255&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;2
368


 2016
 2015 and 2014 were $96
969
 $44
326 and $27
545


 2016
 2015 and 2014
 advertising expenses were $619
447
 $82
110 and $70
013



 allowances
 if any
 and do not bear interest. The allowance for doubtful accounts
 when necessary
 is the Company&amp;#8217;s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses from accounts receivable. The Company determines the allowance based on historical write-off experience
 the level of past-due accounts based on the contractual terms of the receivable
 the relationship with the customer and current economic conditions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 accounts receivable were $11
205
011
 $267
868 and $0
 respectively. The increase is primarily due to the recent sales with new wholesale distributors which has been subsequently fully collected. Therefore
 the Company determined that an allowance for doubtful accounts was not necessary. Historically


 comprised principally of boxed selenium capsules
 selenium-glossy ganoderma capsules and selenium powder
 is valued at the lower of cost or market. The value of inventory is determined using the first-in
 first-out method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company periodically estimates an inventory allowance for estimated unmarketable inventories when necessary. Inventory amounts are reported net of such allowances
 if any. There were no allowances for inventory as of November 30
 2016


&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurement&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
 the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 22.5pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 13.5pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.8in; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&amp;#160;Inputs&amp;#160;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 2pt;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 22.5pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 13.5pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.8in; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&amp;#160;Inputs&amp;#160;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 2pt;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 22.5pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 13.5pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1250.4px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.8in; text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&amp;#160;Inputs&amp;#160;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 2pt;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inputs based on valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
 the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal;
 -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Carrying values of non-derivative financial instruments
 including cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 inventory
 prepaid expenses
 equity investment
 accounts payable
 taxes payable
 accrued liabilities and other payables
 and loan from stockholder


 rent
 advertising expenses and licensing fees.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Prepaid promotion expenses represent prepayments made to resellers for distributing products to retail stores. In March 2016
 the Company entered into agreements with four distributors. In June
 July and September 2016
 the Company entered into agreements with another four distributors. Prepaid promotion expenses as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 were $4
275
602
 $0 and $0
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On January 5
 2011
 the Company entered into a license agreement for the technology utilized for the manufacture of its products from an unrelated third party for five years from January 2011 to December 2015. On December 30
 2015
 the Company renewed the license agreement for another five years to December 2020 for $90
872 (RMB 600
000) each year. The related prepaid licensing fees as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 were $7
259
 $7
805 and $8
155
 respectively. The license provides for renewal options. Since this agreement requires the advance payment of the annual licensing fee
 there were no minimum payments remaining under this agreement as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;On September 30
 2016
 the Company entered into a six-month agreement with an advertising company for $908
725 (RMB 6
000
000). As of November 30
 2016
 the unamortized balance of $605


 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;
&amp;#8221; which addresses the financial accounting and reporting for the recognition and measurement of impairment losses for long-lived assets. In accordance with ASC 360
 long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company will recognize the impairment of long-lived assets in the event the net book value of such assets exceeds the future undiscounted cash flows attributable to those assets. No impairment of long-lived assets was recognized for the years ended November 30
 2016


 the Company is required to transfer 10% of its net income
 as determined under PRC accounting rules and regulations
 to a statutory reserve fund until such reserve balance reaches 50% of the Company&amp;#8217;s registered capital. The statutory reserve fund is non-distributable other than during liquidation and can be used to fund previous years&amp;#8217; losses
 if any
 and may be utilized for business expansion or used to increase registered capital
 provided that the remaining reserve balance after use is not less than 25% of registered capital. The statutory reserve fund was $759
094
 $281
766
 and $144
454 as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. As of November 30
 2016


 &amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 740&amp;#8221;)
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
 which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;ASC 740 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under ASC 740
 the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position would be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition of income tax assets and liabilities
 classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
 and accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions. As of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the Company does not have a liability for any unrecognized tax benefits. The Company&amp;#8217;s tax filings are subject to examination by the tax authorities. The tax years of 2103
 2014 and 2015 remain open to examination by tax authorities in the PRC.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The income tax laws of various jurisdictions in which the Company and its subsidiaries operate are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: red; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;United States&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company is subject to United States tax at graduated rates from 15% to 35%. No provisions for income tax in the United States have been made as the Company had no U.S. taxable income for the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal;
 word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;British Virgin Islands&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;(&amp;#8220;&lt;i&gt;BVI&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Biotechnology International is incorporated in the BVI and is governed by the income tax laws of the BVI. According to current BVI income tax law
 the applicable income tax rate for the Company is 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Hong Kong Gewang is incorporated in Hong Kong. Pursuant to the income tax laws of Hong Kong


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;November&amp;#160;30
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;November&amp;#160;30
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; padding-left: 5.4pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 100px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 100px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 100px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; padding-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Balance sheet items
 except for stockholders&amp;#8217; equity


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-indent: 0pt; padding-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #000000; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-indent: 0pt; padding-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 100px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 100px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 100px; text-align: right; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12px; text-align: left; color: #000000;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-indent: 0pt; padding-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Amounts included in the statements of income and comprehensive income


600
092&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;2
945
440&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 125px; text-align: right;&gt;1
930
057&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Wholesale gross revenue-selenium products&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;b&gt;36
306
396&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Less: promotion fees-selenium products
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3
745
883&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;
 background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Wholesale revenues
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;b&gt;41
160
605&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
945
440&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
930
057&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Retail revenue-selenium supplements&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
946
182&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Retail revenues-selenium products&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
377
922&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
238
815&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;437
959&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Management fee revenues&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;b&gt;35
290&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;b&gt;45
519
999&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;4
184
255&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;2
368


 2016&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;November&amp;#160;30
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;November&amp;#160;30
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Initial investment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;1
466
652&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Pro rata share of net income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;4
536
760&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Investment
 end of year&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;6
003


948
599&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Noncurrent assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;1
321
713&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;14
760
307&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Noncurrent liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Equity&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;28
510


285
348&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Cost of revenue&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;(15
168
370&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(10
994
445&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Net income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;15
122


850&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;68
733&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;121
151&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;69
714&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;12
031&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;12
936&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;259
032&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;151
383&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(130
265&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(85
523&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman',
 times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-left: 10pt; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Fixed assets - net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: bold 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: bold 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: bold 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;128
767&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: bold 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; text-align: right; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;65


075
733&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: 'times new roman', serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', serif;&gt;457
922&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: 'times new roman', serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', serif;&gt;264
553&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;Deferred&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-weight: bold;
 border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;3
075
733&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;457
922&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman', serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;264


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', serif; margin: 0px; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;November&amp;#160;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', serif; margin: 0px; text-align: center; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;November&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other receivable from Guangdong Gewang&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;14
848
200&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Investments in subsidiaries and VIE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt;
 border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;16
520
171&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3
977
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;31
368
371&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;8
977
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', serif; margin: 0px;
 font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=text-transform: uppercase; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#8217;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', serif; margin: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=text-transform: uppercase; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Current liabilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;33
375&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;33
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; font-family:
 calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Loans from third party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;220
396&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Loan from stockholder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;236
216&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;156
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;489
987&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;190
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;
 border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stockholders&amp;#8217; equity:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 100
000
000 and 75
000
000 shares authorized
 75
000
000 and 45
500
000 shares issued and outstanding as of November 30
&amp;#160;&amp;#160;2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;75
000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;45
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Additional paid-in capital&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;16
980
102&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
525
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Retained earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times,
 serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;14
771
252&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2
270
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Statutory reserve fund&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;759
094&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;281
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other comprehensive (loss) income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1
707
064&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(252
022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total stockholder&amp;#8217;s equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black;
 border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;30
878
384&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;8
787
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#8217; EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;31
368
371&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;8
977
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended November 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenues:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Share of earnings from investments in subsidiaries and VIE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;13
358
543&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
310
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size:
 10pt;&gt;724
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;General and administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;188
852&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;183
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:
 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;13
169
691&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
126
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;718
138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal calibri, helvetica, sans-serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=10&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended November 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash flows from operating activities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;13
169
691&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;1
126
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size:
 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;718
138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Share of earnings from investment in subsidiaries and VIE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13
358
543&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(1
310
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(724
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;188
852&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;183
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family:
 calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net change in cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash
 beginning of year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash
 end of year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Noncash financing activities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color:
 #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Payment of accrued expenses and other payables by shareholder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;298
938&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;159
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;6
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: calibri, sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


















000
000 purchase price was paid in full on June 17











































































































































































&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; vertical-align: top; font-stretch: normal;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; width: 0.5in; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; padding: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;LOANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 8pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: white;&gt;The Company obtained demand and non-interest bearing loans from a former officer and stockholder
 who resigned from office on April 8
 2016. The loans of $228
238 and $0 at November 30
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 are reflected as loans from third party.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px 0px 8pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company obtained demand and non-interest bearing loans from one of its stockholders. The loans of $237
639 and $166
106 at November 30
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 are reflected as loans from stockholder.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

















 February 11




























































































































































































































































































































































































 February 11































































































 February 11











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 February 11






























































































 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment




















































































 Value


 100
000
000 and 75
000
000 shares authorized
 75
000
000 and 45
500
000 shares issued and outstanding as of November 30
 2016 and November 30
 2015


 $0.001 par value
 100
000
000 and 75
000
000 shares authorized
 75
000
000 and 45
500
000 shares issued and outstanding as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014

































































 Shares







































































 Income Taxes





















 Net of Tax






















 Net of Tax





 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net of Tax







 before Tax






 before Tax






 Net of Tax


























































 Value



























































































































































































































































































































 except for stockholders' equity





















































































































 Step Acquisition
 Equity Interest in Acquiree





 Shares





































 except for stockholders' equity











 Goods













































































































 Summarized Financial Information





 Summarized Financial Information





 Summarized Financial Information





 Summarized Financial Information










 Summarized Financial Information





 Summarized Financial Information












 Summarized Financial Information
































































 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed






















































































 Rent Expense









 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment




















 Plant and Equipment





 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant































































 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues






 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues





































































































































 Net





 Consolidated
 Carrying Amount





















 Measure of Activity




 Measure of Activity


























 Financial or Other Support






















 February 11
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Nov. 30
 2016
Feb. 10
 2017
May 31
 2016













 INC.













































  2016



































































148
425



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



000
000





































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015











108
340


669
034





205
011


868





830


778





540
051


369





961
232


295
049



Property
 plant and equipment
 net

767


860












086







003
412







203
497


360
909












367
174







370


153





090


086





238







639







815
511


345

















Common stock - $0.001 par value
 100
000
000 and 75
000
000 shares authorized
 75
000
000 and 45
500
000 shares issued and outstanding as of November 30
 2016 and November 30
 2015
 respectively

000


500





980
102


525
743





026
053


270
416





094


766





707
064)


022)





133
185


871
403





801


161





387
986


955
564





203
497


360
909







The amount of those liabilities an insurance company is legally required to maintain on its balance sheet with respect to the unmatured obligations (i.e.
 expected future claims) of the company.




























Amount of liabilities incurred to vendors for goods and services received
 and accrued liabilities classified as other
 payable within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































For an unclassified balance sheet
 the amount due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.




















































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of deferred costs that are expected to be recognized as a charge against earnings in periods after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.





















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015









Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

000
000


500
000



Common stock
 shares outstanding

000
000


500
000

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014













519
999


184
255


519
999





765
888)


186
461)


449)





754
111


997
794


642
567














044
135


040


670





005
385


627


154





816









655
336


364
667


824





098
775


633
127


018
743














868


508


900





113
643


646
635


021
643





075
733


922


553





536
760









574
670


188
713


090





213)


790)


952)





248
457


126
923


138














441
257


944
444


500
000














574
670


188
713


090





455
633)


020)


333





119
037


693


423





640)


039)


019)





948
397


654


404







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.


















































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.



















































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)





















































































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to noncontrolling interests.


















































































































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).

























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Balance
 beginning at Nov. 30
 2013

309
666


500


539
275


024


113


089


665





152






313


839















131)




131







333












226



Balance
 ending at Nov. 30
 2014

098
452


500


539
275


277
273


952


454


998









532)


532











000
000


000


990
000













188
713






126
923


790















312)




312







601)








581)




020)



Balance
 ending at Nov. 30
 2015

955
564


500


525
743


270
416


161


766


022)





848
200


500


818
700













652




652













467)




007


147


372)


492)


757)





574
670






113
310


360















820)




820







455
633)








348)




429
285)



Balance
 ending at Nov. 30
 2016

387
986


000


980
102


026
053


801


094


707
064)






























































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



















































































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014













574
670


188
713


152














919


121


962





536
760)


















937
143)


868)







948


782)


996)





338
682)


169)


470)





367
174


225)









930)


997)





217


824


345





689


936


410





835
968)


037
620


904














352)


485)


676)





811)









119
163)


485)


676)














848
200


000
000







848
200


000
000







453
763)


913)


366





439
306


656
222


594



Cash
 beginning

669
034


012
812


289
218



Cash
 end

108
340


669
034


012
812























543
744


012


026





652


















938


689


417























































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.















































































































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period of all taxes owed but not paid
 including income
 property and other taxes.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.


















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The net cash paid (received) associated with the acquisition or disposal of all investments
 including securities and other assets.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2016

















 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 formerly known as Rich Star Development
 was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on May 29
 2009. From its inception until the closing of the reverse merger described below

 paper products
 janitorial products
 restaurant utensils and equipment to the food service industry in the PRC.

On April 20
 2015
 the Company completed a reverse merger transaction through a share exchange with the stockholders of Biotechnology International Holding Ltd. (&#8220;Biotechnology International&#8221;)
 whereby the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of Biotechnology International in exchange for 32
000
000 shares of its common stock
 representing 90.14% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock. As a result of the reverse merger
 Biotechnology International became the Company&#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiary and the former Biotechnology International stockholders became our controlling stockholders. The share exchange transaction was treated as a reverse acquisition
 with Biotechnology International as the acquirer and the Company as the acquired party for accounting purposes.

On January 8
 2015
 the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its articles of incorporation to change its name from &#8220;Rich Star Development&#8221; to &#8220;China Gewang Biotechnology
 Inc.&#8221;

On July 20
 2016 the Company filed with the Nevada Secretary of State a Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation. &#160;The Certificate of Amendment increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from 75 million to 100 million.



As a result of the transaction with Biotechnology International
 the Company owns all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Hong Kong Gewang Holdings Group Limited (&#8220;Hong Kong Gewang&#8221;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Biotechnology International
 which in turn owns all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Gewang Selenium Enrichment Information Consulting (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Gewang Selenium&#8221;). Before August 8
 2016
 the Company effectively and substantially controlled Guangdong Gewang Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Guangdong Gewang&#8221;) through a series of captive agreements between Guangdong Gewang and Gewang Selenium. Guangdong Gewang
 incorporated under the laws of the People&#8217;s Republic of China (&#8220;PRC&#8221;) on June 2010
 is primarily engaged in the sale of selenium supplements within the PRC. It is a member of the Chinese Selenium Supplements Association.

On July 13
 2016
 Gewang Selenium exercised its option to purchase all of the registered equity of Guangdong Gewang. The purchase price paid for the equity was RMB10
000 (approximately $1
500). The equity was purchased from Shili Zhang
 Yun Zeng and Wei Xu. Shili Zhang was the Company&#8217;s CEO until April 8
 2016 and is the father of Mengdi Zhang
 who was the beneficial owner of 22.7% of the Company's outstanding common stock at the time of the sale on July 13
 2016. The other two sellers are not affiliated with the Company.

Upon application to the provincial government for registration of the transfer of equity
 the Company was informed that Gewang Selenium would not be permitted to own 100% of Guangdong Gewang. Therefore the parties modified the exercise of the option to provide that Gewang Selenium would purchase only 98% of the registered equity of Guangdong Gewang. The purchase price paid for the equity was RMB 9
800 (approximately $1
500). The remaining 2% of the registered equity was then sold by Yun Zeng to Haiping Wu for a price of RMB 200
000 (approximately $30
400)
 which equaled 2% of the registered equity of Guangdong Gewang. Haiping Wu is a Director of Guangdong Gewang. The acquisition
 as modified
 was then approved by the provincial government on August 8
 2016.

Prior to the acquisition
 Gewang Selenium controlled Guangdong Gewang through a series of contractual agreements
 which made Guangdong Gewang a variable interest entity
 the effect of which was to cause the balance sheet and operating results of Guangdong Gewang to be consolidated with those of Gewang Selenium in the Company's financial statements. As a result of the acquisition by Gewang Selenium of registered ownership of Guangdong Gewang
 the balance sheet and operating results of Guangdong Gewang will hereafter continue to be consolidated with those of Gewang Selenium as its majority-owned subsidiary. &#160;The previous non-controlling interest was reclassified to additional paid-in-capital.



On April 28
 2016
 the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary
 Biotechnology International
 entered into an investment agreement with Guangdong Tianmei Selenium-Rich Beverage Chain Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Guangdong Tianmei&#8221;). Guangdong Tianmei was organized in May 2015
 and is engaged in the business of distributing selenium-rich bottled water and also functions as a placement agent for a variety of products from various manufacturers
 all within the PRC. The investment agreement provided that Biotechnology International would pay US$1
000
000 to acquire a 30% interest in an Australian corporation to be formed
 which would indirectly own all of the equity in Guangdong Tianmei.

The foregoing acquisition by Biotechnology International of 30% of Tianmei Beverage Group Corporation Limited
 an Australian corporation (Tianmei Australia)
 was completed in May 2016
 at which time Tianmei Australia acquired ownership
 through subsidiaries
 of Guangdong Tianmei. The $1
000
000 purchase price was paid in full on June 17
 2016.

As a result of the entry into the foregoing agreements
 the Company has a corporate structure which is as follows:






































The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2016







The Company uses the equity method of accounting for its equity investments in Tianmei Australia. The investment was under common control and can be significantly influenced. Under the equity method

 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0px; text-align: center;

 times
<p style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<td style=width: 0.5in; background-color:
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px;

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
 serif; color: #000000;
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<td style=text-align: justify; font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: left;
<td style=text-align: justify; font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
<td style=font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: left; font-family: calibri
<td style=text-align: justify; font-family: calibri
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 22.5pt;

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align:
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal;

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_cgwb_LeasesTextBlock'

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;

 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times
<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal calibri
 helvetica

<td style=font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: center; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 serif;

<td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: 'times new roman'

<td style=text-align: left; font-family: 'times new roman'

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none;

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialInformationOfParentCompanyOnlyDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialInformationOfParentCompanyOnlyDisclosureTextBlock'

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri

 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right;
 font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=width: 0.5in; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times
 serif; font-size:

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<td style=padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri

 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<td style=font-family: calibri
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif;

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

 times

<p style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family:
 calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=width: 0.5in; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri


<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri


<td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri


<td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri


<td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri


<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri


<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri


<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=font: 10pt/normal calibri
 helvetica

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style:

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: center; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=width: 0.5in; font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri


<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri


<td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri


<td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri


<td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=width: 15px; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt; font-family: calibri


<td
 style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri
 sans-serif; border-bottom-color: black;

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri


<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri


<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri


<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 10pt; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=text-indent: -10pt; padding-left: 20pt; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri


<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

 serif; font-size:

<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri

<td style=font-family: calibri


<td style=text-align: right; font-family: calibri


<td style=font-family: calibri

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new
 roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'

<table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

 times

 times

<td style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times
<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

 times

All asset and liability accounts have been translated using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date. Equity accounts have been translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred. Statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss)
November&#160;30
November&#160;30
November&#160;30
Balance sheet items
 except for stockholders&#8217; equity
Year Ended November 30
Amounts included in the statements of income and comprehensive income


 2016
 2015 and 2014
 foreign currency translation adjustments of $(1
455
633)
 $(315
020)
 and $1
333
 respectively
Although PRC government regulations now allow convertibility of the RMB for current account transactions
 significant restrictions still remain. Hence
The value of the RMB against the US Dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by
 among other things
 changes in the PRC&#8217;s political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of the RMB may materially affect the Company&#8217;s financial condition in terms of US Dollar reporting. In August 2015
 the PRC devalued its currency by approximately 3.5%; in January 2016 the PRC devalued its currency by an additional 0.5%; from February 2016 to November 2016
 the PRC devalued its currency by an additional 7%. Further devaluations of its currency could occur.




Revenues are primarily derived from selling selenium supplements and selenium products to wholesale customers
 contract distributors
&#8221; The Company recognizes revenue when the following fundamental criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) delivery has occurred
 (iii) the price paid by the customer is fixed or determinable and (iv) collection of the resulting account receivable is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue for sales upon transfer of title to the customers. Customer purchase orders and/or contracts are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping documents and the completion of any customer acceptance requirements
 when applicable
 are used to verify product delivery. The Company assesses whether a price is fixed or determinable based upon the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment. For manufacturing defects identified by customers at acceptance
Wholesale revenue is recognized when title to the product is transferred to the distributors. Title is transferred upon receipt at the distributors&#8217; locations
The Company pays distributors certain incentives for promoting and placing its products
In June 2016
 the Company commenced franchising the use of the Company's trademark
 name identification and other business resources. The franchisee is required to pay franchise fees and management fees to the Company. Franchise fees are recognized only when all material services or conditions relating to the sale have been substantially performed or satisfied by the Company. In September 2016
 the Company terminated its two franchise agreements for marketing reasons. The Company returned the total franchise fees to the franchisees and kept the management fees of $35
The Company&#8217;s net revenues for the years ended November 30
 2016
8
600
2
945
1
930
36
306
Less: promotion fees-selenium products
(3
745
Wholesale revenues
41
160
2
945
1
930
2
946
1
377
1
238
437
35
45
519
4
184
2
368
016




Shipping costs incurred by the Company are recorded as selling expenses. Shipping costs for the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 were $96
969
 $44
326 and $27
545
 respectively.




Advertising costs are charged to operations when incurred. For the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 advertising expenses were $619
447
 $82
110 and $70
013
 respectively.









Accounts receivable are recorded at the contract amount after deduction of trade discounts and
 allowances
 if any
 and do not bear interest. The allowance for doubtful accounts
 when necessary
 is the Company&#8217;s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses from accounts receivable. The Company determines the allowance based on historical write-off experience
 the level of past-due accounts based on the contractual terms of the receivable
As of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 accounts receivable were $11
205
011
 $267
868 and $0
 respectively. The increase is primarily due to the recent sales with new wholesale distributors which has been subsequently fully collected. Therefore
 the Company determined that an allowance for doubtful accounts was not necessary. Historically
 the Company did not have any uncollectable accounts receivable.




Inventory
 comprised principally of boxed selenium capsules
 selenium-glossy ganoderma capsules and selenium powder
 is valued at the lower of cost or market. The value of inventory is determined using the first-in
The Company periodically estimates an inventory allowance for estimated unmarketable inventories when necessary. Inventory amounts are reported net of such allowances
 if any. There were no allowances for inventory as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014.




FASB ASC 820
&#160;specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs). In accordance with ASC 820
ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data
 when available
 in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy
The Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis. Carrying values of non-derivative financial instruments
 including cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 inventory
 prepaid expenses
 equity investment
 accounts payable
 taxes payable
 accrued liabilities and other payables
 and loan from stockholder
 approximated their fair values due to the short nature of these financial instruments. There were no changes in methods or assumptions during the periods presented.




Prepaid expenses primarily consist of promotion expenses
 rent
Prepaid promotion expenses represent prepayments made to resellers for distributing products to retail stores. In March 2016
 the Company entered into agreements with four distributors. In June
 July and September 2016
 the Company entered into agreements with another four distributors. Prepaid promotion expenses as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 were $4
275
602
 $0 and $0
On January 5
 2011
 the Company entered into a license agreement for the technology utilized for the manufacture of its products from an unrelated third party for five years from January 2011 to December 2015. On December 30
 2015
 the Company renewed the license agreement for another five years to December 2020 for $90
872 (RMB 600
000) each year. The related prepaid licensing fees as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014 were $7
259
 $7
805 and $8
155
 respectively. The license provides for renewal options. Since this agreement requires the advance payment of the annual licensing fee
 there were no minimum payments remaining under this agreement as of November 30
 2016
On September 30
 2016
 the Company entered into a six-month agreement with an advertising company for $908
725 (RMB 6
000
000). As of November 30
 2016
 the unamortized balance of $605
816 was included in prepaid expenses on the balance sheet.




The Company applies FASB ASC 360

 Plant and Equipment
&#8221; which addresses the financial accounting and reporting for the recognition and measurement of impairment losses for long-lived assets. In accordance with ASC 360
 long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company will recognize the impairment of long-lived assets in the event the net book value of such assets exceeds the future undiscounted cash flows attributable to those assets. No impairment of long-lived assets was recognized for the years ended November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014.




Pursuant to corporate law of the PRC
 the Company is required to transfer 10% of its net income
 as determined under PRC accounting rules and regulations
 to a statutory reserve fund until such reserve balance reaches 50% of the Company&#8217;s registered capital. The statutory reserve fund is non-distributable other than during liquidation and can be used to fund previous years&#8217; losses
 if any
 and may be utilized for business expansion or used to increase registered capital
 provided that the remaining reserve balance after use is not less than 25% of registered capital. The statutory reserve fund was $759
094
 $281
766
 and $144
454 as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. As of November 30
 2016
 the required statutory reserve fund has been fully funded.




The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 740&#8221;)
 which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences
ASC 740 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under ASC 740
 the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position would be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition of income tax assets and liabilities
 classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities
 and accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions. As of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 the Company does not have a liability for any unrecognized tax benefits. The Company&#8217;s tax filings are subject to examination by the tax authorities. The tax years of 2103
The Company is subject to United States tax at graduated rates from 15% to 35%. No provisions for income tax in the United States have been made as the Company had no U.S. taxable income for the years ended November 30
 2016
Biotechnology International is incorporated in the BVI and is governed by the income tax laws of the BVI. According to current BVI income tax law
Hong Kong Gewang is incorporated in Hong Kong. Pursuant to the income tax laws of Hong Kong
 the Company is not subject to tax on non-Hong Kong source income.





























































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2016







November&#160;30
November&#160;30
November&#160;30
Balance sheet items
 except for stockholders&#8217; equity
 as of year end



Schedule of statements of income and comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows
Year Ended November 30
Amounts included in the statements of income and comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for the year presented




8
600
2
945
1
930
36
306
Less: promotion fees-selenium products
(3
745
Wholesale revenues
41
160
2
945
1
930
2
946
1
377
1
238
437
35
45
519
4
184
2
368
016







Tabular disclosure of exchange rates of statements of income and comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows.





















































































Tabular disclosure of the U.S. dollar denominated balances
 balances reported for financial reporting purposes and the differences between the two balances by each relevant line item on the financial statements.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2016







November&#160;30
November&#160;30
November&#160;30
1
466
4
536
Investment
6
003
412




41
948
1
321
14
760
28
510
005




41
285
(15
168
(10
994
15
122
533




































Tabular disclosure of equity method investments including
 but not limited to
 name of each investee or group of investments
 percentage ownership
 difference between recorded amount of an investment and the value of the underlying equity in the net assets
 and summarized financial information.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2016







125
68
121
69
12
12
259
151
(130
(85
128
65
860



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2016







3
075
457
264
3
075
457
264
553



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2016
















November&#160;30





November&#160;30
&#160;

















14
848
200



5
000
000







16
520
171



3
977
483



















31
368
371



8
977
483


























































33
375



33
375







220
396











236
216



156
866



















489
987



190
241




























Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 100
000
000 and 75
000
000 shares authorized
 75
000
000 and 45
500
000 shares issued and outstanding as of November 30
&#160;&#160;2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively


75
000



45
500







16
980
102



6
525
743







14
771
252



2
270
416







759
094



281
766







(1
707
064



(252
022



















30
878
384



8
787
242



















31
368
371



8
977
483
















Year Ended November 30















































13
358
543



1
310
747



724
555







































188
852



183
824



6
417























13
169
691



1
126
923



718
138
















Year Ended November 30















































13
169
691



1
126
923



718
138























(13
358
543



(1
310
747



(724
555







188
852



183
824



6
417




































































Cash
 beginning of year
































Cash
 end of year


















































298
938



159
689



6
417







































Tabular disclosure of condensed balance sheet
 including
 but not limited to
 balance sheets of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.




























Tabular disclosure of condensed cash flow statement
 including
 but not limited to
 cash flow statements of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.




























Tabular disclosure of condensed income statement
 including
 but not limited to
 income statements of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }







































































































Common stock
 shares authorized













000
000




000
000














































































000
000








































































Common stock
 shares authorized















000
000















































Common stock
 shares authorized















000
000






































































500


800


500


000














































































400


000


























































































000
000











Investment agreement payments
 description









000
000 purchase price was paid in full on June 17
 2016.





























































































































































































The cash inflow from the issuance of common stock
 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.






























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014











Balance sheet items
 except for stockholders' equity
 as of year end


















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014











Amounts included in the statements of income and comprehensive income
 changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for the year presented


















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014













906
488


945
440


600
092









306
396





745
883)




745
883)



Wholesale revenues
 net

160
605


945
440


160
605





324
104


238
815


946
182









377
922





290




290





519
999


184
255


519
999


























































































































Revenue
 comprised of base and incentive revenue derived from the management of joint ventures
 managing third-party properties
 or another entity's operations.




























This element represents revenues generated by or derived from a hotel's
 or cruise line's
 owned retail store operations.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























Aggregate revenue during the period from sale of goods in the normal course of business
 before deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



























































































455
633


020


333)



Currency transactions
 Description









 the PRC devalued its currency by an additional 7%.

















290




290













969


326


545













447


110


013













205
011


868











872


000



















275
602

















540
051


369















094


766


454





725


000
000























816




















































































































































































































































The amount of those liabilities an insurance company is legally required to maintain on its balance sheet with respect to the unmatured obligations (i.e.
 expected future claims) of the company.





















































































For an unclassified balance sheet
 the amount due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























Revenue from the sale of advertising time (such as television and radio) or space (newspaper or magazine pages). May also include advertising
 marketing and promotional services rendered during the reporting period.






















































































Description of transaction giving rise to foreign currency transaction gain (loss)
 including but not limited to
 nature of the transaction
 the foreign currency involved
 the accounting for the transaction.




























Costs incurred and are directly related to generating license revenue. Licensing arrangements include
 but are not limited to
 rights to use a patent
 copyright
 technology
 manufacturing process
 software or trademark.




























Revenue
 comprised of base and incentive revenue derived from the management of joint ventures
 managing third-party properties
 or another entity's operations.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to noncontrolling interests.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014






















536
760







Investment
 end of year

003
412








































This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















948
599





321
713





760
307










510
005

































































Amount of equity
 including noncontrolling interest
 reported by an equity method investment of the entity.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















285
348





168
370)





994
445)





122
533






























































































The amount of revenue from sale of goods and services reduced by sales returns
 allowances
 and discounts reported by an equity method investment of the entity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Jun. 17
 2016
Apr. 28
 2016
Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014
Nov. 30
 2013























639















003
412















652






























147













































470















500


500


500





License agreement
 description





 2015 to license the use of the Company's trademark for 10 years.







































Investment agreement
 description



 88% of the equity in Guangdong Tianmei was owned by two individuals who together directly or indirectly owned over 60% of the Company's outstanding shares.















000
000











Ownership interest
 percentage
















000
000













Investment agreement
maturity date

  2016











































Ownership interest
 percentage




















888
840















466
652






































































Amount recognized as of the acquisition date for the assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed
 less the noncontrolling interest in the acquiree.



















































































































This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.




























Revenue earned during the period relating to consideration received from another party for the right to use
 but not own
 certain of the entity's intangible assets. Licensing arrangements include
 but are not limited to
 rights to use a patent
 copyright
 technology
 manufacturing process
 software or trademark. Licensing fees are generally
 but not always
 fixed as to amount and not dependent upon the revenue generated by the licensing party. An entity may receive licensing fees for licenses that also generate royalty payments to the entity.




























The total expense recognized in the period for promotion
 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.




























The parent entity's interest in net assets of the subsidiary
 expressed as a percentage.




























Minimum amount of other commitment not otherwise specified in the taxonomy. Excludes commitments explicitly modeled in the taxonomy
 including but not limited to
 long-term and short-term purchase commitments
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 supply commitments
 registration payment arrangements
 leases
 debt
 product warranties
 guarantees
 environmental remediation obligations
 and pensions.






















































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jun. 29
 2016


































































123




515















315




125


501



















































872


000









  2017








  2016


  2016

















































523


000




801


000

















  2015


  2015















576



























































  2016


  2016























































611


000

















  2018


  2018










































































396


000

















  2017


  2017























































611


000

















  2017


  2017























































611


000

















  2017


  2017























































611


000

















  2017


  2017







































Amount of prepaid lease payments related to consideration paid in advance for rent that provides economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.






























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








032


383





265)


523)





767


860










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








850


733










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








151


714










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








031


936







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014













919


121


962














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015











238







639












































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014













075
733


922


553














075
733


922


553






























































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014











































































































































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 &#165; in Millions


























































848
200


000
000





























Common stock sale
 shares | shares

500
000


000
000


000
000









375
000


473
200





















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















































































000


000



















  2015


  2015



















  2020


  2020











324
000


000
000









































































000


000










































































000












000









000


500
000



















  2016


  2016



















  2017


  2017




























































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))














































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014













203
497


360
909
















238









639









815
511


345














Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 100
000
000 and 75
000
000 shares authorized
 75
000
000 and 45
500
000 shares issued and outstanding as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively

000


500







980
102


525
743







026
053


270
416







094


766


454





707
064)


022)







133
185


871
403







203
497


360
909

























848
200


000
000







520
171


977
483







368
371


977
483
















375


375







396









216


866







987


241














Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 100
000
000 and 75
000
000 shares authorized
 75
000
000 and 45
500
000 shares issued and outstanding as of November 30
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively

000


500







980
102


525
743







771
252


270
416







094


766







707
064)


022)







878
384


787
242







368
371


977
483









The amount of those liabilities an insurance company is legally required to maintain on its balance sheet with respect to the unmatured obligations (i.e.
 expected future claims) of the company.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.





















































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.





















































































Amount
 after allowance
 of receivables classified as other
 due within one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014













005
385


627


154





574
670


188
713


152























358
543


310
747


555














852


824


417





169
691


126
923


138







The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014













574
670


188
713


152














689


936


410





835
968)


037
620


904





439
306


656
222


594



Cash
 beginning

669
034


012
812


289
218



Cash
 end

108
340


669
034


012
812














938


689


417























169
691


126
923


138














358
543)


310
747)


555)





852


824


417





















Cash
 beginning








Cash
 end



















938


689


417
































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.


















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2016
Nov. 30
 2015









Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

000
000


500
000



Common stock
 shares outstanding

000
000


500
000



















368
000


977
000



Restricted net assets
 Percentage




















Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

000
000


500
000



Common stock
 shares outstanding

000
000


500
000





























































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.






















































































The amount of financial or other support the reporting entity has provided (explicitly or implicitly) to the Variable Interest Entity (VIE) that it was not previously contractually required to provide or that the reporting entity intends to provide
 including
 for example
 situations in which the reporting entity assisted the VIE in obtaining another type of support.


























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( (.%2DH?(\\#P    !



MFS*V!]C1TN]/GTM#D+[B,_1!XQD,=V-KNN3T&'#3D1! 1]0J=2.27ZJ7GP


YCU\(-


(HTO?!30+


GK%K9/I'J-TZ]D!9T#;MAU\FOSL-WOF*PKOBZJNN#5GJ_$?2/X^GUV
V(/]Q\970=GK[N07U!+ P04     #A4I*F5R<(Q &  <)P
M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!




M%%RO1&F<


&WH\
MH:?6%KF(#!9(0('$H2\L@1Z1&$33GT&\R/
0PS(I*)
Z
KDEXR)0MDH$+F
M\I$E 4!FG%B $@N7;T7+%H#



MJ8VM4-L-F&E(9TEH?I96
'G :LJOIC@0WHG=&U.93$;' F2#S0/X']Y7+S\(
MOY:-\(Y

M+W-H965T
BYX;6Q]F-MNVT80AE]%T'W#G=DC#5E K*!H@18P4J2]IJVU)802








R
)%#SI)!?Q T

QP\S.CO/-4KXAIU::OXJ5PV7&6I6K2$8;\JVBI3NS

Y$S
MTU)FHL!
FYXVE.#@-XEW
D0Q

WLO02GOO8K9J_GP

.I3^?MY1O%Y:)O

M'HZIUAO!KQ9&
9M[NI

M4;HF2A=$Z?\2K87_($*S

MH99ZNE=S;B\'&T@VN'L/39=O\1=02P
$%     @ @X5*2BK:KO*K!   ZQ0


.*H?P%Z?F3T[GIVSN]-367VK
M-RDUH^_[W:%^'&^:YO@PF=2K3=H7]7UY3(?\YK6L]D63'ZNW27VL4K'NC/:[


5]DN (0@D%KR9C_A\
;YE9D;CES(
S/



M7QQFO'97.7[#.HJL(V=-V
PCCZY25@?*FN

BT%=U:!-3)K4'(%5)RW




M*74O


?3=8R%+2
MSG3DNYB!F2XAQ9DN #^;Z2A+&@J2%BEY:;^3:[ACJB A=5Z
(MO(I*F]8 H
MH*QGR/6,UI0YAN9K





P.1W<J#_EI4KC7Q?0W]IBPL[0$'\?W*6\^SZIN_*<Y]_K@]]W

M85?M%U


MJOBF'-
?U\_#J?F\7'_1MBU&%^!M 7XKP$1O =$6$&


M@9@NLB40VT5B @F[2((1%@0W9N8-N[G&2==X(R [ @S8=F5TPYP:AHL@U!KT

M/P7A)P=^7AEU5XVQDBF K;&4A%X.(Q%1F68&K3%&.=6 (/BX?J27J1CH0-
<-*



M)O(PLC%XE@HE0
\C3&%H.UQ;/(PDO4C'.DM:9PGKP
196=0=/\3J/^ ?YABF


=:,8' :CQ+
^)M2PF<-,-(+94HUB6ED&O1S62L@.
M,A7PS\RD PNC$HN%9G)4EU\+E=(H[F%0$FLU@6G%E9$FHI!SDT@F8;.$BWT
M%#*6T+/
P.B5$-P#5SXN\4_
I=


/())



)+

)L13




M:+_6QW(O[S4355T\;)YS=IC$XKMT*@J,\ASDU7%_C!?+H9[C\UR4;]UY?X0
M'IM9^U951?/?*I3UZ7XNYA\WONU?=UU_(ULNCL5K^#-T?QT?FWB5G:-L]U4X
MM/OZ,&OR_W\0=QMI.P;#(J_]^'47GR?]:D\U?7W_N*W[?T\[QV%
CQW?8@B


4H^@&(#J& N@R0XX$:-6;0'$:-U%89
MB[)9



?%@VF\.R\*;GRZUB_CGE&E@_@



M;%S3GG)K'[^C$[*6'\,=DYU7HG41.&1)1AFX?FX$A0T7\#)R!I26JA2Y-(:
MO-XWC-"B^LSX9ZGE[ 4!YJ3CQ0A&

SL!BDU*4Z
4(-R9(4S.A.)
MFK#.HTPP+ /

L$@RGOMA
#6;S)JLOUYC@'/
6 X!IACP $JXDX8S%].R8TW
MITN/-_ @ T%GFTRES^

M0 $*@81Q*DP8OXFH:^

4$B3FG \
M58ABL14 4H!I60DM,'6J5 ;;0_%VP8H858[1.U&7BR $

MO+;/4PV8?9)


L:05Q F&!GNVYIKRSS()- )
MIA*'73)QT




M3NH78(8Y9\X

M!Z).(*T8W^WNF!;2T#)/OK


G%VN=H?*D+



1V!E@5

-_G \\:9UP4&*K&
-

:XF/ 



$%     @
M@X5*2AGHP_&V 0  T@




]0O$/OM4QNDYQ=
M ]$<<YIBTG7,$L&0?4F1;J4XI?_ TVWX?E/A/L+W;Q3^AR#;),@B0?:&8/^N
MQ*V8[%T2MNJI MO&:7*D,H..D[SR+@-[E\8W^1L^3?M7;ENA';D8CR\;^]\8
MXP&E[&YPA#K\8(LAH?'A^!'/=AJSR?FGW\06[YQ^0=02P
$%     @ @X5*
M2N2GYYFV 0  T@

M]F2\Q2:64BC05J F!JJ

OH,
MJ9Y;C%+Q7^$*PH<')3Y'K86-*ZI'Z[1,+%Z*9_SSE7<IW1S2+!M $T N@ .
M


=5Q9=M/
O&_O?:NW 2\EN
M_ CU_H

'?S;SF
V&TT/Z063YQM5?4$L#!!0    ( (.%2DKG=Q
C



M'4@9B+R
OQ
GG5


P=:LM.:/S+QO[7R$Z\%(V5WZ$


MS*/O;

M(A!Y&;\3)YY3!N#R_
;^&&OWM5R8A7LM?O':=04^8%1#PP;AGO3X!5(]GS!*
MQ7^#*P@?'I3X')46-JZH&JS3

.
0\9$H4








;JX1'TS;
]19$%4%*
K[;73
E.DV+
M+/I.MLC



^PES/)TKF

DK[S+P-[Q^9_PZ=I_R9LTVE'SL;CR\;^U\9X0F[*QRA%C_8







-_MT@JT#D@F0S(!CS
/&1%'Y

8DRQCY@B&

M(:'VX7C LQW';#2\Z:8?Q.9O7/P#4$L#!!0    ( (.%2DJV=4$*M@$  -(#

M)-N5;2F;JFJE5EJE:OO



MU


_2N('U NN;0[
MG9)(O4Y5)VW2J=.VSUSB)*B 

M- 6]3XZG+

MNJ0
D.



^D
MT' RQ/9*<?-Z!(E#3C?TW?$HFM8%!RNRCC?P]SO[F2\Q6:62BC05J F!NJ<


M!N#R_

Q?^ T@?'I3X
M'5*&U=2]M:AFEB\%
5?QEWHN _CS?5V@JT#T@F0SH!]S

MB!E[W_'PQ)M#ZGM3!F=L1;SSXJWW7HK-_B9CET TQ1S'F'09




M4J_5M$F;=.JT[C.7. DJQ!F02_?O!R3-TB[[ MCX/3\;DXUHGFT+X
B+5IW-


[W8?F!:RHT46?2=39#@X
M)3LX&6('K87Y?02%8TX3^NIXE$WK@H
562\:^ [N1W\RWF(+2R4U=%9B1PS4


^!R
+U5.=T$0*A=8!!^N\ ]*!6(O(Q?,R==
M4@;@^OS*_BG6[FLYPOWJ'[*RK4YO:&D@EH

X O@)N9A4Z*H_$$X460&





AB0T2!S


M0Z:8$8$

D( $B2-(_@MQ-0L1PJQAD104
M20&;883:PR H467D$)OUF(A!F8;O6H,@:( S$0@3PR(9*)(!!
E
!
*D
ML
@&%-D !/.-AS +&X\C.(

UCTF
MOLQ\9P 
P0N'#
-9C6. 8G[





MKVG:I$TVU[3]S.KXD@.Q@.OUWQ?0M=;2+PLS/B\S+$
N:8U+D(;6 -?P7P;+LI&9%6I.@&][F2/%-0Y
)
M]2@EU_X7E:,V4BPJMA3!WN:UZ_TZ+?IW6IA %P+=$<ALYM_SPPK
B4GI.:S
M'YC[B^



$%

M97\



MR946)M90!?SA/(9.0K?V*&%9F2(U+3W@_

ME-YGY.*$9LQAPM 59K

M/RWN;EH
83Z%39*@2?)1((YN3$*8_^QD&C1) P+TQB2$B6]


M;=STWL[5=&&FP
AA?@O(\B 5?P!02P
$%     @ @X5*2AJ7V_VW 0  T@

P'LJ
0
M ^98(S2!=74O3.&S6I8I*O(Y[J^


%MH[3



M
M6IO1QKGNR)@M&M#WF 'K;^IT&CAO&EJ9CL#HHPDK1C?;#XP+61+\S3ZSB9/
&@O#;%1Y J2#DT_@U









[[S9ZC]1WUQ_X
K=?

(MAY+B^!61[D
K?
M4$L#!!0    ( (.%2DIKIG536 

M:&5E=#(V+GAM;)57[6[:
!1]E2@/L
3.AT

M[E=T]XP326@0OS)ZK

MUX:\R:%YRM/IN&)'IVK+8)_*:D-W2*;I2LXV6=G\*/*H%K



MLH$@7_T9V]9'DL@ :FN*X#5%?:]BBT(


!6]H2
MCFX(E*7;8*C;F-^1$




<SCB(GG


@

M %?/&GFN^)]P!:KA)A


-Y[\; :BLH



P! [FB6T\/L^!7#$@00-B

MX[*4'TM6@R0]P\44 XH+&N:E05X:X$T=7NK-] 5G)
W=1U+Z9A[U)[PNJ+
@

M!!0    ( (.%2DIEY(+BX0

M=#






AKM7JVQ)CF'MOK2*-6?48'&%PC%G;
MF#]:/
7@1@

M$(%O1'ECXWP0#)GQ8&W8!_ 'RD:D Y)T0#P9
ZTIS(21D#02$@J

MI!P3E

!^SC0H9@XFT $;W768GAF_V5&89 D F&!@%


&=

ML

%R61V[+7KM[



C/K(   U!@  &0   'AL+W=O




M[;=#;@*JC:GMA.[MYP]*:#L3VQ?GW/NN8Y]R3HN7F4%H+QW1ANY\2NEVC5








$%     @ @X5*2FSGF
3M


M/_I586)G7A7L)FD_PIE[XC8

B&#6CPCR]^B8D&Q875<I WNS8CV:<[4Z4+VGN!+PD
MX#4!VUXLR%3^D4A2%9S-'K=G/Q']BL


RYX;6QM
ME%UOFS 4AO\*XGXUF*\D(DA-JVF3-BGJU/7:@4- M3&SG=#]^_F#
I3X)K:/
MW_

^C

MR1E^@7H=CT*OT.+2] P&V?
A$-#NP\=X=RB

MC$Q!0*%6QH'HX0I/0*DQTF7\F3W#!6D2U_-/]Z^V=]W+B4AXXO2M;U2W#S=A

%*E*P:= N+

MK1*\+='5&

  /4-   9

T+GAM;)57[6Z;

MTIJLW:1-JEIM^TT3)T$%S



S&$:M)0EP99-TDZM&P


M:&P'#8'( ^L?\@50$)'YA.M0W1_YA1L)H@0$ZHM2FM0=#(;H%@-4&N5!![

M%P1, ^&%08#C.V;V!XU6



$%     @ @X5*2E#:

M3-08NS*KNW]G]U$W9:Z]*IY\J,_ID5W//=/&-=FV(!J WHQ4&//&3!MPX&
ME

.$8
M\X P?(QY1!@QQGQ%F&B

M



3TD*P

MQ42W0'$E4[8\%2BN48I:#C
5*&@F5

4%BR6$(@FQ@@1 =I#F



^;\P@(9 5

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,V+GAM;)668:^;(!2&_XKQ^ZXHK:Q








C0MS@0^=BA^U;2:F+;M;K.MH


^
MC+S:Z6Z+4*R

7

=A;;0J%(V#%K9\-834&7^8[@]



HR(<XG!6\#T*KS8)GJ6

MP2^M




X+GAM;'U4VXZ;
!3\

M(-6+;@!

+_ #SLS\I
M6^%)I6H%=+J57:2@SM''9']

 8?2. 5F






PSG@H.M7'3K9VK<)E#860_OE,\_5D4?P%02P,$
M%     @ @X5*2NXJF10F @  1 8  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
M

R;DY E

M47@ISKFV!90F-3O##] _Z[TT.]2K'(L2*E6(*I!P6H=/\]4NMG@'^%5 HP;K


CG-B%ZQ?1?(&NGR@
NN:_P16X@5LGYHQ

MB11-(-MOMV;V1S1?49-^9HLN;/?.Q*-
]9J21Y*@JQ7J



M2!-^4F51LZWPY*FJJ/BW8B5O%S[VWPTOQ3%7QH#2I*%']I.I7\U6Z!7J6?9%


M9F5IF+2.OX[4[V


MNCQ26\]I-(\3=#9$#K/J



MP6!'5AUF8C%U)W8@XQ8Q4LXI*&(*B(A@@AE(


F.KME-=A
SF]G]7?55



N*G)X%J1K8




M7/\[^S


_&QMSR(%GO




BYX;6R55^UNFS 4?17$ Q2
^:R2

6551_UB5)N








5L(

M



M
A;-' RIC$2+.@_D@6-1 LLL4LT3T:ALLP6Y[1
%RB1*-A L4@$'IB%_






MG[[_=GQNPUE^R;+9U_[0[9O#K/7;1?8S/#Q).02



MJL)&]5)A(8TH1





BWCOF40WCZ5RRB&A%Z






;X^BX?I*=J*U7_92


02
A=C &1V^#5#.$46@X78.(2PNHHCF67A^

MXZ!

55XZAJ/%
-\J#XFQZ#IW$*


M/$IC)X;OZWLIC; R\RM;W*/]-Q@WM=@;MZ1VK?H!V6^
[(;AGXU_(.M_4$L#
M!!0    ( (.%2DKP9=QTP0






AG
I[1HR$4J*DCIVZ?8PQ$C/IE.UC
M

M!6[KP!]O#( ;+(@'6L
 .0M(QC(&=P(1$JB




R#0.^(C.


KK8(

1^L6T85/(
=:?%UVKQQUJ\@98&

MHC'PL:)(JR@:*?*8*%EF Q_R4&6_\MVQH-




M^[D)^@*INV2=%YLT6P333;RI#_!S4OM)1O@Q7\'5BHL76

MK%;''[/\.0NF25SF63(/+LMRFQ0-']#XP1G =)$7=329S1)X#D_G_&;#*+?;


M-E[%V2R!SX!LE

M[!




!&X/\



DWB%O!MX(%/C@GQ%



M8


F$8







$<D:4.#)6L#A#K=$5?(^KB^<E@A2L*S9-R
ZNXI55FED51*1+(?;G


M%0E=)S+I!B?=3C30:V@PFYK1[)$ZP6E)9U!N5QL_TH:MZW](9C%240
9!%LT
M_D
)4 /!^.48+B4LI]P^E.D\12



RO<1W2Z
M37)@ZYH!W5K]N2381!)A]H+R AZ^3D2BRQ!6 *Y2-$OD#[%(#L 
+

R4JZ)*:'T%AY%O
MD8O=O7\;L9QP%*]!AOL
0-L@UAU&Z$A]PX-9'ZAQYTS(ILMTE09_7=+9_KS-


MT







M*!*
!T1DZ;6L1? P(V\E:LSZ0LV?XC3-0[PTY8E.*/CXQ)Z7?\M['?# :Q

-S39IK9_88M2
OG#J+JOK

@AQ7RN83



MV)N43':

4








M&$I
/S8G,+I@80/^B327/J//^HX%0Q3[?LDFRBB4H@T&8XZP11#'Q [06S
M4=B*OD!)1


9]^PWK#P2W0^**W!IO$DHE.XR0NN0BO/[J45' Y0
MMQ+\(#U%W_'=Q //$/3]I%3:UQZ?4(PH45*^_BX!FP/SB8M22XX?IL$Y_:3



MNV\ZWPK0#!-74%8:I%Y=Z1-K3%:$)?1-T68:%_


M+YA'G




MR)9;VT]7T0OM3*61O@37+R']]';\/^(RJ'M$$,AZ *X@=(4RC'S]YQC-I*

&418-27


FN<W% *8Z)_Q<CCKT&2W19T:G
#7Q-JI[YD'2&WPGN6,(F
MQ@;G0X\TU(WJ5HJ;@%(9?I).=I+R5;T1BU0B(AZH
W=L$/T
R3DO]8!_:'V

)F%24*ST[6RBA(1EM1Q5!$#$ZG9\&H.]02



MT0
&IVRN03A@E#:0O26:8M2TER;0:%0+1WXB&R-LG[]2 N.V9JC]AG!NGF#B



MXL)W);EB7:LJ\9


 \Z

OPY/@O8
GYH %5XZIC 56-8E.PI.3$_P#

FF5<+1@S1CSB$:I

K0FU(90W
H*C& S&L)-)+XRB[@'M9 SX$_6K.Z%D
:W@(HD&09&0

H.P%)*W*%C



W-KW&++P0DFH89 ^HB+&4ND\%\4O-EEY$J2FOB#$G.?;A\WC=J5M





M KF(@(;T1N-P





7IS$P/+K
MJ?)A6$=F@*R

]I6U;PPN@Y_$F
Q[@^N?HT+VHG1WM
M.DMDZ_'G] E6T !M 119'-*L]J9S\/SN?E?Y2$6+S]^X[%VXA1A07@(K5@#%
M7.OZ:12TK24/=GP+/+< @VHY<AF0@Q!!'C#0$(5Z=:BE^AH



_07HET)$'-64U4'\JXK/@P7QB_
M*3N%HOA4







TRWG8E
M-9XVK$L;?=C.@[^AB'1IE3!S[Y\2(JN%SKSQHNJ2C@?6)96QN1:^



0B5K/NB!FY7HMAK1

!B8\H=9=;A_^1A%F



:7@QTN=2=!:[*Y2@%&V!)^KZ$H.937N;L\IRQ?L
MQBKF$JFBKBV.Y7[$-T5JME@0(+YBQ\=;)]F%PS#5KFIULCS[T.]T'$FU80_Z



F7\


M9QC/4& YA@+%/E+P4TOBPMH@JM:=F




. YE1D24FC;_35DO8$+E3W180GTY
MF)F;S

M#HSC5X [I'CTXP-@QH%;\\5J\3
(A_U1.!Y1^/K!I166@'G)*D?YD'Q-_7 0


M-5-^51W8)J K\4XIYZ&U1JHTA)$?3+

M^D@I7UXQ+OAFMLF11K(D-'D=$HWZX2@2)!KT?I^S1.L-OE Y2?_%9-\(R[.F

MD

IW=YB0Y*@E(87(&D^*+^I$W^=;DEF%G(RDE9

MZB







MT(F^+!_5F5UA%''$#80G02]  S(DFK'88GH]X.S+C*X[K1F7YLD\1O3FNF








MM

MCD


8K3^5JFEX:+IH$?T<^



*6=RG;%_

M\1Y%VT@T'XP\C7#GME-'S%=1-4[:@


M*NP?81@.QOVPI]L:-C4UTF'3Z&;






2GGY








SA4<04?HFVY3Y&#


M%5;)
OL%^9GU%%_&VM#NRRHS#4

MBZ.:Y


IR$PT&?
MPYM!S!@/

(0?SC/:-(/

M2QYUO1DJ?BD4Y%6K.[#[FU&@(B9#HH_+$C'0IH9EA'%ZVQEQ1.5JTNR-=R6[


/I2VVK



X]YGLB










MP9TAGJ^KP&&E;.KF41J$ID



8V;(LJ[-S:0T[3)=MAQB2$!$IEDK9N=Y/NVLCC

M I'QF9!?J#$.QG
J7XB=3F$O(^/@/F!YN(^H2__T)E^87/_8PG\L)9R3KX^B


M2.@/WW I:-1$PVHI0&]Z$DMXWF;-V4L%Y*9%I[4+7)JJ?*QSV'80:#T-+4UU




^(6GIWHG$'RJ+Q4.@Z-NL-: ?P[\S7V;U7+58_-+VJZ

M%F



MLP







/ A[PR$!FX)[X.QJ[L-ENEYK%TC[TZ#RI^[6X%[


M/C=JBI&67E7N@9*QQ9*OXY%T !&0FP?:[8RK%;%#5.KU-91CL6K\BO@JWC.]




J.^I@W8ALL3%8


!SD/R(I9LL)\ZH[Z6O&'
MO"V@]&!!-/HV@(8D4Q4.=*UY]E*DX=C8D
I'8=?CK0QEWGO0F4-6'Y@D'
+:^L5N&W+%&-Q;FRVQ=700


W%L\O5
M-B)NF7X^)OM0M587N75MRYTT



WH['MY(ME*Q-0P&&

&)1$V4@L[

P7XB.(PN-#3AMH%.^HHJX]H#



Y=^<,






M:-O[;Y-V\8T_X6(_F/UC)8ZT =L.D-L/-O^

ME86]-6_$[TFA+E$R)@^3G%'-!J RCL:]G1!Q=LB#]S2 %9ART$X!0:CQAZ




M#7'V:C/O!/_UGHA9;1&G






62_^EMEX*U^N
M:W3R18ZJNFW1WFJ;;/]EC*0WFZ(::+[^J5+
Z
MOOOD
V8_UHXNMYS*BR)Y;69DK611H.WWFG34XY3V9&-&@8S'FG;3!'6FD8


MB;!#GSBR2P2+O%_AH35*/=XO

MBI7!:(5#V=6K2
2-NARN5N

MK
9X.E%+:C19

M#_[E7WPW?D\TV5]/1P/I
W#Z)=LK87B)E\;SKMTUM.:6S:9&7OQ) R5#&V
_

M)?=N%2^(%K0/(MC7 


M6FW3E7 1
GS4

&RG)N





8O=LK8U.N7@


VI*2/2=*/.N=I
3)T5I/1$7'AM





$





FF-)K\SE^S;:P










?:\P
&;$:0B*+F@^L6V7?V9

16P#$SB(GI@A/K



MN0ABN?078\?H

MBB1VKH$E] I$G.*)'8*C@F=(M%=DU,6-!(6-!)3C16#(XYAIB8:V3GFO2P
MV.O?

O=V]R:V)O

MJNI0MM^LJ^:0I_:UV;@Z7^[R37 Z'(Y=TYV1O;YT9PX6JWG6+%:2#3[S9A/2


MD)^$L.9K+8!KX7LM &SABRV ;.&;+0!MX:LM@&WANRT ;N'++8!NX=LM &_A


M=U?G//4WPEW\?_CZ U!+ P04     #A4I*M&888KL!  !D'   $P   %M#

=PN4MLR]R?JS;;;S61[@0X.


YK/NS\79-U!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (.%2DH?(\\#P    !,   +



M         ( !M@(  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE

4     #A4I**MJN\JL$  #K%





&UL4$L! A0#%     @ @X5*2J2=
MKSX 0  T@



M970X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (.%2DH9Z
/QM@$  -(#   8






4     #A4I*



M 0(4 Q0    ( (.%2DIKIG536 




&UL
M4$L! A0#%     @ @X5*2MTYU[X @  &04  !D              ( !?%H



4     #A4I*KM5=K/8!  #@!   &0

W+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( (.%2DJ1_?]7Q@$  #@$   9                0QI  !X;]W



4     #A4I*:Z9(FF$  !#   &0              @ %F

















MM4& @T


M+R^TL_H+A3BF:U%G^



:=VUF9SPH_W

M/#+XY04*JEHDA





_6_WAH@'8(+=SPQG.EG


M(06D&O:M0:TKY\*8T
G@%LWB@?9T4*RQ;
MHN2$F!/PVQ#LU.D=\8GW2#Z$CG42?(#*Y]O%JY,L$+/ '0D,ZA#KTO <VK^



4/Z6H[G:SDD
M4^CUK^<3#XG?RC!%_N?3;D9G'N KB$3L8S^[Z@;$'/DN+8[G#)]RC&XKOV;
M:V



EZT@OM.2937E&NJTENV381?JYC^[G/AUFDH[QT@0A5IB+


7

+Z?+055YV2)K+NXO#QK=7AQ?D583D!'FS(%E 7A1\!]27
M?O^C^_U+RQO2C5^2^/8R


M=Y(P6XHGL*M#& NMQ+






M

M1E[5F0[C_


M;@;LMH8]]YM!)]09_C.L/B=DEKP+:;(0:V+&=Q5E^M2L2-2NI1$P^YNJF%W
M]Q)?NSO6D!+I)12Z3E5R^?41M[G\I+Y0 RRV95(=Y^WB'IO@2C3OMZ328EC
M-?(0F[X'6 .QO0PE=KWS6O
(%.G154-L;]/4QMX!BB0O*NM0#:QNG
W?/DSI
MZ=58E65T=]S#L[*


'K')8(491S89E$PQQQ2RR:!D
M!GDY+
^/HMPATX\E;\A$RL




B!WA=\5'QRF





#UMES
MW/OXX7OBN&/JY V[[I(R0[S)0K]\Y1?7?RZD#'RW(1XG80I]V47@5QN.QHMW



+LY-I-
MPS$S1Q: ?Q+;_H?C/CGW((1=AUA7OA^/K8/0!;
E06( 7D!C#QTO5V)S'/3





&@*HZ\!FF:W
MT=&60BP

Y#
:RDKBI

M:5


M=EH57@GYK[M?9U'#LM%I-WJE7T-A6NEPX&I;T^HXDJ-9;S6:K03FY;)A;S 6

OB2FW(O6 LFSI X)CQ]

$2






MBF0LG-G:ZS9;2TV&DT*&5%7VA3JIJNP(D5NK*HUN3^[D@JI*=(DBD;BEKJ+I


Y^)W7@*EAO8
M0]F435:9TB-A8LQ3QUA3ENAW2SQ6UWDO&RK5(V2VUG3]K)[6#=: \#@+VIQR
C<D.?C=K%3UI!WAP;Z8 ?:&@M;KZ'
P3?(HG8R^P?_8%ME7TL\



MT4X7_ET
R\X@+DCK;J-=;QX6XH*
T*@WFUJCM2G('XE#/
.&I\ZM
758W]V
WB/P!1DVG:]U<W6$EP3AKNFPDV&DX.L .8@FT]*QSF0@*7U'#H@%V15I#
MWCF 18W%=JO5:+0W!3ILW0 U:.N=3



8?Q(.HMYNMUMSZYP#9#:Q%



MN(TX


M&?L4#




=9R$Y+H6JGLNSMQ7FSUSL5)!04

=*JG(*7

M)?]F\)[T

TPD
;



MH^WV7!O(]8 [YIKVX+PLZ5(*&

MJNEM
.'UT\+&EIV5:EJKV3LQ5&S3'ZG1TIJ5VQ\':
O8:6V-E=S$EP
$TW2;
M6EK;S4R_7[@*E]U:FNZU9]CW9T@='-B-SLDR ;Y]ET&]FXXC+ _?[

M6YP@G;;6T!8E
^YY
8=U6VVZ@%UG\^\

@&\M
MT6?*!)2';XXBT8\1M'?4O5MND;[S:B@[0^TA:N
VM':OW=.. WUYA/IAW5EE
M GQKH=X$);%])+8OH50_CJ='TQH-[4A$..C%0I:BAZKPMK_)]^?G/SRP167?




MEO7L*.*Y+

TW7VT?'0]&:[HV&UJYK%5A&
M^:7^T1T
95O/]F'.6KO5/0&F+-

;-FH=RC
!8NY&43D^[F:7
M]+$[:)A*(3!V=VE<(RBZDO<;7 %*&F&@J<\8O@$0&#_7CGGINF&(.;NB$GH
M(U9=/A0A=PQ3P1VIMSLS#9I70[6'510-T*WW&AUMIH%MP74@)SEPD-.UBK44


MO5Z4
;\F5'M815%&:K5[C?K15[&3T*2ES 1/66!5DKT*C:Q^V&LT5^W16:CV





MH)BK-ELUS5]3[ 5O3UJ
M-1N=9G

CS7
M/F@8]1& WUWP]1& WU&KOKV '^-%.

M9.3:




7P.

K[7:'01\'[B873;]+ZD9UE^A

M^2G]H!4]&
UYUJ*.P(5X!== !].$
KB0 L00G-FW#?/; JS$4_7Q!^V
\4
_

M-
@#^
.U/P(E*A 1N
1L4!<!<-Y@$
#^$<:







MS)#IY9XI[P@

M1L^@:P%T

/ (([L_RSN:?4


V&CDGT%A?0
\3DR'$9
M4
&3B]+;QBL@O-=QW$ Q!@-8.SMA8I^+F%Y*X8IM9&FS5)5R7R:P;T&XV=2





B%R.I





MP3@[
#R5DMG
(/!'=)('M5IHR4\4K#0\J(U!(++.J!.2S5&!:@3

5YTC3)[


MVCT4Q'\D\581+U[_.N=_=.G)\_IA_T;E*-^FQ
T#-4#1HS-7H8=2%B3M=TO[




N5-@MU]S;25)0
M;#2KL6

ME)'QB/'WQ

Q-
MB10;IQC8(0&Q:)TI7^+\TPR

H
=8G6?SX_*Y^
M 1R!V)F8&.D:2KJD*&'A0*@Y(07\&RP/.,)AA(9ORP:43D'EIT

5CT0&.5=ILTJYY=JV

M4R9]2=+*DK38&?_C#Y)V1[5MN8

MDJ@PZ-CX1A+QP


WP=;&UF
3J




M:;KU5^I42M]?FH8_4@:8+;

M!B5IC7?FN



RZ$\3J*QX-




4
MFGO.[6#$.@C?WETH0ZP5[K#2@1X9AJ+J%CS_A$6!X&^0+,R!(RI++F#6<GH
M

M+ICQ$RD1*\;34AI5E7)8#^'1L$.2%BT&]GKP^8:.-RU3M(3RQ#4:RFJ?3I6!

7AB_*FK/^&BL44G*%X
1AA@XV
EU24-






M@4&Q5)3K195
\[03;W[7


+*L

MSI2+: F3T .-&1N/X#T(8\$W:/T+WN*\G'0PB J:1:LEHM@D(#0?V6?*_8A.


P BL1Q1+

M(G'51^XL88N-9F)1'XQ2\8Q^V/^+&0ZLCU_HL-D3%RZHR/ [R-YP ./QG@@6
M05



MZD7-*T63>5NW!WEDGT1:6),?Q/Z6=1R-JV!1>

?2.CZ8.WY&R


MH\F /Z
K/_)EH/E&S1$W!/R
90(R$

F='




_2:G=Q#-D-XR
:@5O62AX!,K%)S9
M9  &[7L4: 1TJ E';'*!0.N-*4ZT_C+- $\?



9H





S



]B5A8N*'4QE^B(CYOI
ML&K'

M



36%6
U(31X2[.Y;;64YO-#AS

MP=+D#N\3C(/#[Q/7ITF#865$AR-[JM@4=K %Q_LCX9V4?=X0S' 4UZ- -8/5


M6Z8J)FP-=PPD8P81.D@ !4!CQQU3
]5.1:I%=O 4O16E7)]
(VMYF S#@V
M45080X
Z?C C7KCD99V1& 5Q0V+!
M10G_2+PIRL_((F
-'

MQ#VT:
Q%\J=D D8Z1J5P.4G*G3/!L
9M1X[^QR\[-$W5ZRVU#O\J+_5V1^VV
MN_RZHSYST\%D!75
;'#&.L1-/%X/&J#Y A)U, ,)\#%LS[O3_!=3[%56(R

A_0G@?Q@1MT)Y&


#3M,7$IP%(-FPLP7
M,'+B5JE<G6/XI<T@A4'2!WI8=SS=D ]'TFJBI_<
 #3*!BY5KG.6\F8TMXX






*Z(/XBJ

MB'BP9'

QR-4Q)6PIN*;A/0G#KWX/@YBL3JCD(6QX@*62X$-YT1BC[(@;
M(TI*Z2:4C6%1#_1^O/= WU_T6ZF$\X\_2/$LQ;

M&@
?CY3020EE=GL



MX+P1D*&+/E@+?\UD[&!\BR\FY.!RJ0?/Y8BW_#G.F+M\3GJR53M$+-UXIF.
M8 &V!:)0JHZI
_=D1O3R9V783




KW]!4B:C?XS1X8SY#Y#'C?


+ARE
_H#!4I+ND()L)*-&'U18Q=

%&.VJ';TEYA*429)SY2%=;38%;ICC%T8#X\:40T/GW[9KK?4KM9FY:2X



ZIGAV ]X
M40T


(69D@
M]+=Z&)

MR!;'*ARX6OUOD=
0-08PZ-PQ1C=ERQ$R;Q*



?O<RUT[CQ'.M6,A*K7 !'U,WND6ES\X\%=C8-R2]O&@8?ONK=.-)A'
M)=@5KEN1X1&GK;(^](
!.B^3A8J









PK2KF';.!-2GG/;%*N8P=@IQE6R&P2CWW




X

M\=-S:3UX]9CR
*%Y/<E.UN$G*@<I2;NZ 1M?@+7$G-OF[
MK]R12=@'/1HW^
6(.D8F@OKV[D+:X2?&#W(G5Y1RXAR_)S9Q:#AF!O9'.+.'
M5NJ4GXG4
1SE$@WVB4=]HB3I$^CSQU1



MO^(UP4.]_I7__^'F:Z/^]=I]Q


:^9Y8J3+FG?N



A &))KDZ40LAF\\C )JP\/!9IPUX.%LM^=%D =!(I*4#BF1&^

$6?0+




MEB$P?ASFIAL?H-V'/-#D@79


OCY$O7S


MHGZWR6&:4[%[/IF7%91$!9Y9 2
(Q89,#RPT74/$AXT:,7^X[Q-F/4
M3%)B6=0<*CV *,]GI;:C4H\J+[Z(A1U=!R:9HBS%[#PV(4+G<S!E@2/
Q6;

VOT %;!V3Y%3'
MFD XP5,DCQ(%P]8? 0MJN:Y\E@Z@-$DA5IQO^^A^D-(8FU-++!2S&]##[:S
M51

Q D%IPHZKXX

M\%=B714
S)Z*VFDQN)/$=&(U=^=?9:4]%KZ?
;YL5KL-300X!M%U.-LS?GE=

M4$FJ\Z0/KZB
#7?0)*9.U@
8W41E]C1 !8*.T*P1 Z_(!)32W6CY'=(KB.
MQ:L(
1?2(W?O1'=
B5 TAD./#&$









M3)=DK @9I6)0'6+=.
KYQ*.VHG?334/%.?YW%KYDV]
:6EQ64NUZJBI+BFJI



#
M-OA6BW9QS-9L/XN0/G[QEZ3BP8X2:684:P'

@X;GG<?X!F74Y;-[$1U)X
M1YND9-$S.5CIHVCU
(K.-B8^8;ZJ60Q,[,!,#S@)S_:96ETX RQ\B-#!%;X
M)-$@?1O&C3$FOHLH=-;N)CL=VRPMPJ+





MU]2.UB@KZJ2 E *R
@(R4CJC'FR42!%9?1'9Q$ @M5'OE!5W4D9*&5D9&9E2

VI9 U]Y



KK^X^











MB/1#;=@AIDRGO:9WU4Z[4TZD2?_3%LRS+R#:+;7;7GS)5P(=Z-!!IS(23D:B


H%/YU






MMYMJJ[7W+;5;W6*YA-^]
5
MU+X'2I37@MH!LDL#]68\7BF&EMPKN5=R[]X\0YL:]_NYC-F!<V6+9)/5/%E@
M%\HEG<*2RFT*R7O-8Y^A1TIEJJ2]LX[+L J$D)ICM5A\7]N]J:6#L&2=27K


M9V@



XMC
W'+)
]@

/ECVB$F&JA
Y+EA ()K3 .#BSSJ(&&XO!#OX/@@
Y0/\(72:G9


L#


MA$V!79
^4CM]U'PV'#A\


M8&Z&3: B6B.L^N( #B''Q&]]U&E8.]/EI]!\:85E)1+2I10N7 =C0#DCW5'_



^V!)@-!FV/57@K\B4$3909#=J


?I^-OUQ/
0%C[IAX\IBN%!'E
5T=8J7+MBZNS16
\!(N




M*];(Q:O6^2?0=3XS9W9'IGDIWA@6_O=37$
B1]DIU3[FX
I]+(5N)8D5J3E_


U0B3

M2 &C




F&F(L!)S6U0M54&$QE(E''_DH P#-&9XI;M<

EY'%V#X:'A4Y*B+U







M'CZ@@YIW[CA@]RL#PM19M)K;7)]5E:SU_++;X1]3?S8;E.F$J-=:C^SB2JB'

M!MZ



MU-
*WUB/A'T:Z*YV+UH!(Z09-$XVRZ:4&KJ%JB4E0U5B8JYHK).#9+J%


TLUX;!JP\M)]ORZO;M)]OQ;]!X\=PDLZF5W=A*U-6-%[




MLQ)68&J\R-+3%L'#A


[&A


^F.0
M+VFO&[V.M.AH10WY5:&KL=Y-X-VMJGV8GB^KU[09!*ND
.WLT&(LBOCC^JKA
M=#DM*3A@


[_;9@OTC-

M
T7YANW
-R T!DTV!/9:ZSQ O0O!1R'@_%=EMN][0*W4A
M;(T ^BCEC0?')[4*N.?(H2V]L.


K9-7^NJUI7[
MW:Y@?JG9@QKN$]0HO=-TH%^^X!%L[I*:0F8$T$+
&T#\T\R?U-25VA RWCN^





B)Y(J)R\










/7-DZJZ)XUCLD?3']551S11GAS&1NS_N


MDE5-\8ZKV^TMT6+]G=A@J2R:=-1'4]

?N/4


V'


H




MI9&L:DP.X^C'N&GB8:+;#[26 E






MSR$V@Y*E-:@+P_J2+\[PG40G8Y!V]?*7KYHLZ9PM)7DJH-Y&Y_()9-P\$[


MD#8R.(C.'

,I)T3V)TV^UE _7


MP/1 ;Q%V.SR;#48\%RN&^Q4CU%N-F'5)7%]'!68C):BC0!?GV'%\V_&)-#(]
MPW*\P

M$_[+=EBC:$H7G:Y6+U9#=Y$R

3P1SQNXN'9$UBT7YU'

M35=B


6)'C;T^F[G.LPEA ('@X'5;




Z^/DV
M7ES2W=G_A:7UG\#$)&MV$R0_9QEJKX5\!*PQ4 ACTX+[GB:$:;V5CE
FT9CQ

^IX_E42=H^N%8('W;8N,9@ IF
M2\ZES^#DS0)WYG@D?H8^!\+A

$%G#DN

NDY@#5YEN476.RD4IIRE#-;CL^
C/R





E^
45O] 

W R-6?X%$T]Z[/3%^W0._2/<WQF. 6;!R%#!WG1T2KJ
*C&*9X

ALSR5/.I2^4B@@O)IR]



GNF1!6



MY'!+[*EI#\U
0'G[V\=








.@RE/-EU1Q=6IF?C/2
\7T([U*\ARR&W7\3:WC_N



MS] .OU0


MY53I1#8:9BCG:D=K+80=M:


M]!-!M83H6R-N5.6J/-:!($Y26RJ3G#_1P;]:&D!3*TIO$Q3RMP@.$ N*%51=

MS$BFX]7S#C2L.LFPQQ&&J'8[OC$1Q&6/KR!3

LD&@





Z=KWWV.*-%RAUH$*GB'DJ


M %+[7/OI [[E'[I-1\*AUS@(79Z&H!'T*[S
2CY=ASG
2_9K[UED_N_70N
'6-NX<V2F=5
MZV%':?*0_[0_4B@ SES88GJPU7A0U3N0[#


R4N

T8Z_=Y55/?0?JF6!:
MQ@K;BF-?3.GB[E+J*EINB\M(?Z0

MP._!$G[DP1OS\2TMC@^[@H;.5-+++HHK 7EB/M+[3

SEZ!_)%9#(JMFHBC\$YMRJ/

M

'0RC0ESPKU

M48Q-?*#X#Y:BH/KBT;$@G(O&Q6


GO<+=PH3(O
M3FVP75P_K

MAF@E/& D_H$-A\


MK5C1UW/32_IR5U%D95!DL-..^&Q'J'*(^RHAX.J;7[Y833AF'N5!1Y
[G=4M

M#(J$2UL+]7X([]) D-YY)CHWH*7OK@J[V_$

M#%9+I++42_4 OFG+/3#%_7Y[%Y55&7QO3UQ^=FKW6A4T6^A/D?$[/AV$9/#M

1 5U
A87E.'



77!I-
&WF@#3E;8

MEM55Q67$2L5@Z



3JWXE;/D%O)N?C0ICTYIE_0IG22OCX$\X8B]:.0\#A3(



S
3!O^2;MP]A*=*\(^)XP*B$0@A!O!IYCI#BK$!H9WI2Y9#



?#+M'OUZC&6!
M!
K**+@8]FF


F]9\D

M%-$93S



^++0Q?B*+ST1O K'5!CNL\9
M




M9#
K#YAX
L=HW'1I8A)7=XT)];-QY;
1U3XQ)K;Y'YSR_;&@AE\[:0SBGW
M:;9J%OCA=&S'(_GWNF2
V1PP9UXPG;$J3S;JG%E;::;C
7/P]&GNR FL$1VA

!K83_*R:P%3U$

AG#^TFJN<&3ZA

M78C3E^FC$.$]K%)P(=^9@H26


VJ672M*



I'0;Z2L?ZY


MB97L'.[$IIY3%83V
\/ W??V-\N K94./R\D8IFVH-5%1^\6UA$8HBC-JS

M9]$4:_0;@!B
L14-BXJQY4.L!UGO'%L*[+@IQ
1T1[2D=DZ?









EAW#D





M&XZBQPZ7 3\-25S$3!\U0]_(3QFJ%- A4Y8MHL]NC7XA'2&?(A]UW

^L;RN@MN%LOZP^)W
M10ODBKHVV;ZKN#3N]6?A_IR6LDWR-U06.$IIQ:S_OO7(E%S\OS*)&JBNF_6


5'3DG


M6*U'UB+N4@B:8TAL


M9P_XL@.YV

[ANDX([H'F[3C!:.&^
H



M4DM5VC(K  RQT
(4#WHW=MYSL\^
Y/;;[:5P*6IA'D0:OO8L#


@QWKS;2NB


S9AU8L'7F*N_@TL%:Q/W$C(9)
MXM=]=FL[Y7YG%B3SDGV(M/110*


_
M8HCM3:0_32T=.U9LZ7MH^0UV_R]IP^_G&=WD$23D)M)4
@PB9<3Z(=WG$L7=.:=NUR
MXBPI/BM[$TM,TK,'1MHEH&E\C/@CWR#EVB@_'=[X\$2BJ!1_%HRZ;\ZL%;_



MG!



M!1T%'8\'[9Y*[7\


=HC@+5@3XI()3BYY).S;2]:X^-J^2UGJ*VJ=\0;=
MFWS&

L'A)+CNNN^I32NDG@AH#T;=&W&BQ50FF




M8W
.
_!/2








M5J3=1AN^?''DZ&4A-1 F!3Q9LHE?AT1 1Y7A27)7V:GTC]

M-3KG=DM\W;2VR]]SN
A0'KNRVM^IXPFGDBF2;75
4.?M-M_8%:/,QCQVMW)62<
M9'5$\CK<;]/DUD#9156)/.7QZ2#RE$(RA&34WP4N7N1?G^1?6290)+9%]E60
MEIO$]C91S&*GO Y5Y34Y'-59:7=&3CTMMRLW/-(3VG %F,K0P\:XO:X4+5
MPI5#VM%D31W(@\%@=VO"^MY$KJ*8%E=55R&/UP,AHZL]CMR2]LB5R:$HNE

[ U^T
_!%S

/O*&5^KU1I?M.2

9!N28)RR+8GC1:!
M*/C7Z@VPFA_!+IE.55-









W20%D -H&.W


[\2JVE)E55






M D9DU*P@L$0MS L:^QJSRO#8IO4P?]#SOT*K%'=.8-Y.MFLDR$)JA=0*J15#
MV.M9VBI0X1$57@
B%QXE_<ZB795L&[*=G)'
M7&RIRZRFQ+!W!&WB!NV<=[+[M5YJXK\L.K-(Z./NJ7;!KF;$%)Y6=_+%_BA
MHGDPW)Q;VV_$2SZ-CER#SLA^YCNS\



MJK^)VK9(*47)/LN-/R&NY!*#F(\T%32&FZ6_![K]
'+L!^GOY G^+(KAZ@KK


/3
D:F[)CQ*




M#(*R(3HU;T'2 T#P[!MZ!EV3PX-9?GPR\

M:4H2=

'Q/' @A*%&



:T1P3[Y9VQJLFZ'-*[=*93QV;5

M.YJL92\V/0^/!.*/3N![/OP!5))T3W+&TE?GD4R'Q)7:BISB0OQ72U&[L@3_
MUN@#X(^.+


MQ(/:7-NQ$PIRZ_U/H('=N-/BL9SG3FD@FQ/1


MN%9 5D/(A.B)E





$:/#E\*OS@T2BB4^-




E1B;N1PIV47*H$*:31MN/DNQWM7'I3



G 2'#F.H\F[E4.Y]*;P(
_3/MM;E!XA$CPV$%%S0



GY.L1=]*%VWN*

%BS6NFZQ-BG6\W.I=


=67K:6:
3C$8K2_.@GR\/(IS\HG41;VLZD+J@N !

3$/#Z0BZ6IEB:(FLCLC;\


QV:MNZ;CGWGD]F%\9_ ]$S\

MY?O%S(7_J-J]HGQG_W]_L^+[^0RPN'!=/
:*8%\\F][WCZ;C$V-B ^D?&!@
M3-WZ%?QA!^^*/?R'1(W%=28)L



%Y['L0_GP(7



GKSO


ML1K+05-K&HZ77__
8^6!D:Q8)7/!R(IQ7&;DH+\;CJYC$#+R/D.DB2Z;;AOD
MQF4*_B([F]CEOG=5CH98FS$L6$469:.UJ+WHXDH33=.V%X$\5%Q/M*? C#




MTE\(JM)QV%Y






MF\9C@@?2PV3OO?Z
V6$$S[0#6%@W;
[OJN+5;=?W-INXWURC6.59*V6=B^-3
M$RI\Q$UQ;_*'Z3Z8]K5G@8WSA;D*;4C^XT4*Q_T\')+5J8V:X?_Q-$3;LX




?FA8MHSL(*3H@


M=F?C49YX.Z]:$$OQG37;[J



=SCBM)P%R]OR

EY2VKQBYSA&D!A7VQVYSP
_YNHVPLB: :5;OQL.9]E65TDW@M]EG5];*C?_



O\#Q

M]_\WRWJ46L=P*GV9'D=$-IYW[.G)R?0X[6*9PF-;$?[GS')066E=;16JG\





-E':+6]@K6Y6@_?N:4F^\MUB6*K@4FEIO='=9
0GN]7M:%J*Y^OA*17R?7MY::QM
MXQ$@W]?S5GI:QI$K#OHG

M9?K
_B;D:

IEY58]2K!
MZD#+[


^^^)\:
:OQ'FIC681C/%-\&BF


M._T6CLA



M(BO %4U*P'T7 D^GCEPDA072\EFM5Y X@IXK95-3.HFC\N/O?[+0CZB7;J

G@6NJR?)G7Z9EJR!]!$G7



(


MHX3]5KN?WK58 N
P4.ZMR5LM)=N4:#TFN-?\R?0
R_% ]N\!Z(\6K(QRJDE_





M&-
![ZF:*)0



7--2^K3



^.XYO.SZ1[@@K*#X[0R_=
NT?
M[\?A;U_@@_1
O_(AH/WY%3R&@/2
7H7?N@ZR:^+[L_?OWCT]/9T_#UWKW'$?

$![O?MR(VPET:LCIY(
I'_]6\EV(D=K1T[HU;SD


/+__5Z7PZNCH/CI


MAW1$ D7$@*KW9$3EF(3TU=90J?%!MWM_?[\M6#B40!#1.QHG8ZW/=IB
NB#Q
J'6Q$7]'M=77U+)W(=6VDI@PV\;-N5CDEC6OD
M?CH'P;905D/
.)C



MK\S$0LESF.J-$NOS)9B#- !4(. *C)F$H4&E.#V+56%0T C5(*X+V*SO:
M\R[4SE 8QHNZ)A$A*9O]DFH.O1A'!-.8/B:G

1+B12HJM-ZP)1
M!Z@HC!U3OL5
.8

MQJYBG#[DT0E73$W.0*X8F7:V @:NJ:68:A#1/N/


$(?BH)_

M2W9'LU(7*F].'+C].N!FLH.D'V1RS*A6DI]7;'TT;CHOQD2/J#RC%^K)/P\
M3.((0H3+RE
!S4HUO/A&#[SPE!#F


96UQF#$

.)
7%\(#(S$M85&+Y#TCA6X.AF-DBP2SWL[6H6[
M_KG3[W-FXW7#GH7A:^MH[02F3/!K=JW
:I3R65!21X [W0D$+1'YWI4E9&T]

A([1R

M-Y@*#J:2
M-T
:^]5G[V.9_9+Z?9-=)U+T


MB:J76





Q4
,-9YM%KBY-+]XTN+ .%L)/LL_0R273 J



2JH#
MG5?GU99DHW&L4UF9LJ')&:33?'6*%%Y_@TG;#Z.X(-&2:Y)CF6XQ[X6\X4)$

6F5-3&Z;6@


3?UBY-0TLL-\UPK (.GP6RF1

(PL=(?.DPD:7

M5Q#\B#MZFO+(

M1[=4++N(,ILS'+#'D3)B##^O3ZHCIS-WU'Q8*P^B_J33;Z98AE10K(S6S
MXQME82?LQQ.QZE^%RY-^Q])G-+#\$O*I EBY47_(Z
E]!KQ/0U7E#MD35]]
M&@9E)]:G(AEE&1G/3)PPUWOKB+Z=D1&]?1P;CRGX^).,/_?QC=Z3:D-ND-


M1\!4T#'TX (*\R6'6;((L*6V86MGZJ-\Z)NFX407T1I#



Z#JV46'[%$T7#(
MDS@9P%2GJ. DFPI_!PQAK7NNW'F5.+PIM#H5@(
U+6D\4XR40[YBV@:Y%%


MN&&$CRBK[C1S!VRX7?QC#
_)$ZRCLU+=+Z?:I5@CF5QG$Y3G-J[%4R@P%V
M0


3O''Z FE22F

MM









3#R-LXE;


M=V(M
C Q-C$Q

MDG609'M]*QAI;/-6)GVDY

-7_M??'[]]_]]N_^OV_SNYOG OJ
MAG
@@7






41\3



MJ7\XIX13'WLH .\






:A
MTWP1A;48%(IHYOZ;1.
&HR?LXP#02&D&-PLM^L$\PZM9'9I4+JI5JTG&*%

M!=D716\H(N:WG&IT)Z!2BFE?%+T(X9&.)Q/L N-C]A!0]^N
^H)-@YO
@+@3
M6)DH(8'N9WN@2[
9YVT:J!2#F^7VG

M
_(\'/-PA[!(\

I%R$]G$OM

M$=&^]1E 5&F*YSL@L$,

M$7S[H6STN*
LTGT0





M0QR[&A2KSM0BGCL*K7B!Z-4LNABV:W[R_D8+=M].W@H)^X*SKBLESDI$1%/*

2/P]W5X\

J4686UIWW%FY3+5YJ)V7








M;1DHV
;]]TQ(Q 4'T:()%P_@ \'A7


MJ

0O\.R8QB
MDC=.7Q0K-OX=[+?X)+ E
I3MA980MGIWFP!C_
GC-]DHK?V;
.EWCL3O/D1*


J1
M#N2:3XB#^.




3I8KE]X7DWPN9
M_R9:.^H@#?\94]%M#D


-@



H-]J7= $2]DWVI=P*B7OL%




M\R'PZ5W*
KQWD$;I##








M/0.NVB:Z
-7KIFL]\ ^




[+<\#6!_3$Y-YF5R:OE
D<<VPMV@






MIX'&X@#C


M-F



M4=FN6


:YO^*BE=AUE=WEA= ]7-#

 DE;KHEN']F=K4*AM8\T:@






M/(E%GJ__.K1DY6'2+1P!IE+0'T+?-0E$1S+-E=5B
-D.;A#:U:L/VITR/(87
MB(2W7*

35+9F9H/S_7,+1_YYOTBG9K
MK!Q<$/@;17/A7_N&PU,4B70U=18+PG#M'<P

M2F&]MG@]P%05]$4 .QZ=_:7_#=H#N-?? @J52ZBEAJ^;N+T)MHGKK0TDKWIA


:L\H]X9)4MM
E-X9^O6S0B]NS.T#=7TAS



P?5C\+@#]4 Y^6XF?$:IB&8LS[D%!A(H


MD(;7_


43X=TRD_
M^#&#P65E06_I;FQGA08.*6B_$\0ELS!NK: C8K(CR\K$[X-


ML=IZ@-3 IF/ J(?A$+7/R.


!6;!2L]
MO=EGJ]6TB8Y9U(:.9EKBT1!







MEER#U82@3!&K%03
#^O)^FJ]#



=K+:9S4U: ^ J-$%(Y6+J:7JKYOF
SJTJ0_@N@#5$OEO!RQMXP$F N<


M#GPCY;S9:%1E


%!EI(G7%S%889!4PO4S]$$$[T._AR$A!-M


*-=L.%J-SJ7IFPS4D7S5IRY(6PWD(H


M(=QMPH5


WK)
MU)5 7Y^JFUD.AU9\;X;
%\2($.^*;\883M)B'N=,HDC$@I7PQEB;ER]7)7

H


V^6NF$0L R'



U681B6]/5;1
(KRH\=







M!HK[


C Q-C$Q
S!?;&%B+GAM;.U]
MZ9/CN)7G]XW8_P';LQ'NCE!55_5ANSMFO*'*HUKCK%1.9E;;/8Z-#B8)29BF



//WS-_TJ;YN3'G--?I6%0\+'J[!=2MF#_



;9H=XPS73P\4R_O?OW__[3N.A/WFU\HUS1.J]@4I7A;)
+GC''1MDP!XZ3-Y_OOOA3
M[;2#)$*$#4HT=\JVO_]SZ(S-;9Y=CP?0196':4_=H K6WP=IM3?[HHW1SA7



M3


M2\NCF=C(R2?I&FD2\BU2KZ42M0FAK1+,BA=,E6:*#ILAA:4QNEFI21E^(B


MO7%%D$O[&5U%K-/
8N/ZF S.7IUV7R%4O!FJVGEDJZ3#WV&I9&




M=



#*7&CC!1M;

@$/(Q306F%$
MV0YE=4.?XH?A4
#'$#IA

ET




-@N_(WY005U%H!/1:Y!6N\@TGC)J\V!
M/O 6\P^+J\7]XN(.S:_/T=W]\NS//RVOSB]N[WZ'+O[M\^+^%R\BP8DQ@KEU


MCU&1HHH
I1EJ$OKDV)SP-90L/Q!XL;WK






RW@18#RUNSJN3Z

M1Q=!QNI@YO

CV\
.$'%4D8@3P6R(D(5%?JR08=*PJ\\



M$97OG?(#F/@N-]@%&Q9HA-;\=54XZ;AR]TK4



11
M2_B2U


&U8O ;4R




M)L?!
U'G&:J9HY([G(8/&
$


YF7X64204J[V9?'

MBOO%_'2$TR)*C#BU1]N2O;6V:MUVJIW$8^% !N%,^;2Z*DO /YO$X
-@U3




M%VDRA9A.GS]F:9[?9.G*_$9IDP3*H1]W^U1F^%^1^+




LK.G6&6V4TZDP$\;M

M!49^ AM@XV)


M&&HE/RK(Y


53

1UX$_X6*3TK\\TB;\J3!;;SUE



N?V,<E(2,#DK;R:.1EN;X
MM\T10WDD7KA5W@SX.Z;NPT7[_QR?J-N:\ST!;UEP'S%3Q;BP\]:&MFX#
M[52]BE+$U&X<D,P? Q*+[C7JTI1%0C\$.0E-8T9;ME!I3W\SN@3U6R8I6W6


3_#8MF)AP.YKLD*'H/')UK!
PHO
)N6.3:4[8GSZB4=NTPS:GJ2LWU&
MA2]\N<^)*?]8[L.2<3_%?--B7GT'WMQ\E1!Z;?[*[^X -I)L-LRP%
C3ZW7
MFK&R:ZCJ&VITCM\-;70/'?IW;/^\WF-^%3-534-834/1&/:@_I@79Y/_WX]=


(D?YH@_1ES%



&H1_!MOXM\KA_+Y


-[QP?\(L5:^O'2ZY^&:!:W#6NY7H;X)V\B2VB?!Y
M[U*.Y=+)F1P))4 $+2)YUK$T824/% &/6?@G90;M-+J@*NI^'-H!!C@]AMTI
M-=,X(07@XX[H8QHI*HJ)X:R^2HH73('&HQ8C*N)Y=/-R*3;\=6M-V4TT;7_
M=\( VK#)($DVW.L;KN.%[VVT:TP^):N/\P$@+L2I7:8;FE+56
Z[9Y'$6'K
MEB^4BT2



M



-KW.)'9KL^X6R-
[W%TOL]8*4^<D33Z.8CW^!H_\;]8^ P39G!NQ QJV[.P
M;6=!B 0E$J0SQ(E9UOV3:##QFPV#XF1_*@^L3=9C*Y%SN=KJ#JJZ$U'/3(
M: 8'M4MS4I#'Z:=*=[(#&.Y8F)6.








M'N!9#W)@VAHKC !QL\KJRBGS+2@BFJ^)EU!LD[PA\IU_[P\CG'T2(I7TE


MC(5$NO76Y8:/:*%CXA
@IXK0_+-'L2MDK_L$GQ;]9INH.




KE5=B+T?][CEA(\_
4L+H-[O[43S:C/
AYO
'F
:



AU1G/+R9[DO!:IUI@?A#01MO:+D









%GFR




MLH7VO^;P6Z7#&Y0H(GD8I_D^$ZN]:M^&RFW-RK]:+)93;_;:GM6\3YGB+)X1

T!?X^O= _Y

MSSD
]J'G4..@*@D@+[3C29#9RRJJ(\D^)G'MXJS=90?W!1H2%KGL8D$GO2






;1250^
G%U<WU_]
M@A9W=Y\OSIO^]^Y^?GT^OSWWQP$/J2T=-]\&4Y7I;
DMCEF!G)L@*U[NLR#)

M!_M4D+]CCDLERQZXJW[H;B^NYO?4&]W






'309'






12_CI(P

Y_0?*R.P8AK]1B=;&!\G+=\-IOI-84
 HW @XP
M)7.2%1/?9B9OTSX8RK)AZ']89N=C$+


M0M1Q^LM.S!@K7[P[P0M2R-A9=4P\M[D*3ACS;FEO



MLC;;788W.
GI&E;\MGZVMUW&K4QWN(S3I[S33;6?(/I&

MJ
G-#W- _T7$4/.
JJ

J? D^!



9&
LO

0DP!I6P/\1'/LXR=L5;O-E[3


M(

8







;4M.H9Q*2_EW



')EAJ+
UCK=;M/R!0QO A-K\=6OOBUE%[JJ_/(IP5F^(3OWN,&<
M,71P8#,$I@7H9ZBF']/!NY]Q]0%]<^2Z12EZKV*7 6:45=*M9WGG$'P8
1:





;C0C1_N*:
\I[NMYH0$$9CH

M/Z9IE'_


M'PP[;K
Z!]U_L
/CCY_5ZH19Q5)0O2(]8_8Y4X;!TL0'8..F'I-3?W;ZO


M+%=W9)V0%0F#I)B'(;.UK&Q &I.08+



MT6Z'OFB#=E_&DOT!IDQ^%-Q+PE117GTY,$,KI;#.&AKE(4I2O-03NQ-MH4

%


Z#+M+0QC\%







4G:%

1G5+



IY
2OG

/]TVE%_S1
MHRO;\NS&_* ]B@%@_:LR#2)MU75P#V





!L

MP4WPPLW1?3H/:8\S_&&?DP3G-.#]F
ESC+3FLI

ML&&[,J*T\$:?WBY3*+9: -2R@/; =;=A4]30KZV9@5X*V8S%#-!AWXL!06

M-O16_+9Q/XI*-A!V\MY4.#WIJZS@PN4P^P$IPG[JJ;H7%).'L S]L%R&&W

41#<;+CLSXJXF-OJR
S/$NH
488

MLX(O7+]RX*XE&^/(R5T


!-/HYT!(]F$N )3/E&4K*]PD.-(V!'5C1?Y





M%C&1A








M=FW?9#[[A'.
K5.Q



L/!01I5$(B$62A

M

TB@JU





M(;;X+LDSCE @DH#?H+4
#[A'
!/1?CM*


]CTH?S/@@+6.M ^L49
!/<%K]I'7B1XL<AG:Q&CCFX'M
M2Y]K[
RQE25S.V]C:.[GJ]G UJ'0P9
[^?*F#_1MC3$P*2]P](;2HSC%B#
$
M7+.B4[4

MK]2B
^%AWSYCF92+)$RW^#YX+C.6/H@
2NLS/STWZ*5\)]C6: @0((49(J




T#W::&I@Q
M;.']4^KP6ID!.]!;%49P;6PCI?



!(-7?*JBW\I1M:E W* -S


V4(?')O#;]459I0\DX%OE#'B

:VVX[33[






33[)I;IVSVV#/C]P9_P4$V7]
?6#:#




MLP5V!!;P9?OT)3&_^'(LB= 'BQ. #EJ@O;W@8BOE)E[!4L2GO




1:2VV




MVTHKV6-68:RD126Q!ROWWI.$996LGAP67,6,GGOI4&BO9'*019V)9+4R
W

MT ?#W7 E)TJR+!D_M[7[(WP%^]GC@?3




MN\NDEB5? L#\+-CQ+
\KU[I_UOS]#@VE V(=)^8S5/$!OUHS[.P-%T0J16
Z


G*$F
^9[



MWMEM6

#$V
3$S







[M'TI/S\S_EJB7YYD^'%
F;=+G\W3]'T





9W]8*EJ-=KM*





MDBE*
V0GTVU-AWW-V_TT%N16@E1++5.44457:K$;VHV=#E)UAJC6B]9=9 TX

?/A2E+52L!^





MZ5
I(8(ZD]
C/E-+
&W/=2 

M?^Z*IQB'5W$2\(QBW'*3TZ





MUQ[E&8M.ID?8G2+I).85Q[H=L271$$\8W8\=!Y35C0(#V&R%EL%@.Z8K D

XZR6A(0\;GF@JPI+%D40Q+=RQT/GCBATMT-


^BZWN






I4#GP][-




MY26BFTLLT\_JRI



MD

B=OMNKM-
M!YP99[Q$[4Q,JOS .CDA!+6 =YN&-,I ^+#1=X#*DV/= OQ-4C_0 VD,L.'
ML!)PEA(I6P*3K0R+!ROF%T2H3&**;Q0M,G?^




JJPK*K8J)J:@$JIU6D*R<S1-4M1X
M-GS?EXAN2G9;
*XXAVT+0^64ZD[L+Q8=#B'K!<^SS
';5'['F0X5 R_ Q;@LZ9

_F.8I&SU0Z
M
W1;+)Y0.IZVO+M4U!NU YUFI_.0

ML-#$*'XLU' PT-'WE!S+J04X.8\N-\HCRYD[HRHH?Z+(Z*LDI=J-5
FFPM5C

UR+)

 Y;CU

M9)A? 3@VRY!:(08?7)WY-E
EK[)JT&%8AO2JH



M AV?HZ_=C6'YL&W?B3Z2'9R;Y:##;HPF;JOGSL+M3#?KFF=BW9









MB:2QP;A@N]B2

LH(9?ZC4MHE-9



9HOM:$YNPWA15L=

YB/&$.C.M00I8747HKNBTV.0/.=6!
5.R<D9<)8#!VRV 


&ZS4 /&^E(A=9AW2!]?=8TZ$G
M&0L9)7F\JA)';E%3)4,B6N?@\^L6?6O(/DT(_3&LM2F)-J]O-LM@JA;I05+/
M1Z9SZR!IGJQ[K3.?730//-O=\KT%G B'U_6Y7L4
__*NR#-5X]I0#(J/)98
M]M:0M0/#36@J@HPQT5=,MM\&[0/&
U*!!
1S.




MMGMOA)QH#%YE78#U0-@GLP7!I!G@N:/#@F!)
$3IRW2[28+#;[LNT5-N=&G$



MJE?2%3.O.9-V0%8LC?[IK5TF#0%/0E-6A*N:(69?)NI=*67V6%9 5F
2KRCV
MB'FZ11M/E88S[^'GKJ0SXVFK\X83NFOC

MG[


MY[9UF\ OV=D

MDF ?OY[CY;(*]_LU(%'
4JPG6:Y/OUX#T$_=V41!Z )SEDD)=


R@5LC./J:

*B0_KIW;EV1?
5VT\H2@KRB?)Y&V]C1LZ0BOF
PC@Y/ 0:-=DPT\J'IE;E<P.R/0\TS@UTS[6]W;G
MB* IMK&G&;=ZCE7NL'U)R.+63 MS*1]#:F5J8Z^^=!S))^/,P1LIOTRG8\
M#I,UE8,/Q]DVY$K[;4RQ74:1MG@H^Z!!Y)*%+!'X]X&T]H6[V0X*1H#/EH?


8(+G(1#]!IVFN
P1K49+UTFU2V5

JA .\FKV2T%Q1@F9?4'?Z$]R#KF%H8.@G7 G0@;[6KB(L[*/




M]5@_&GB1+)YP=5OQD*/E*/Q7@;
RXK

)



VKG_(
T6=$Y?:_8Y S:
MO;Y72D60G=TN0D[Q- D1BK(K*M3-L]!I9?A0SW-EY<D9K!WV4)-=2Q#.4M.#
M[A?6BNTQJ8]HZ[,=RFY1/IZ6B?JKO\@V$;-3

M:Q[-Z/&=_;#&=8FR

5E'T4+BU[MR1FL7?@0ZXV^)'K+ES_
QR6!HKP@\[ *


7 U@4UR, LVK]%PKIQA;@O5[<+'5'N:&[GN]\#
M?:IH(&C&,G W4HWM
8M]P@A* D=W=I10U8(W%W7)'D0 \6)E'N%&I8LB*!9



9

N
M$6P/ALHXGZ.4XX!WE:2(BO2BH!(V+24C$A4_BNNB([^650R*F
2'H.7NR0M

M :A49?V
/7W
L!FJAW3W#Y2$K)\!((3HS



JN]UN%H?*5]4
]

MM#W/%3&JGXFJQ#BFO%/PXK_8B&B!2V\NJ?3Y_154%XB4.$9:$22O4P7T7P
MM@:5(]XP?9Y.49AOK%&/P0L+$;Y(F*0**JSQ$E4/C\G66/U&H))2]62F-L*]


B%R+$6*$&/J#L:
1:JJ@#9_C7DM*5D5\#..90[1&
M%[


ME05CE&7(8L(9M.W94FF&W /7)ALQ

L6
NC+PIH]/F ZY C#'37:U

MGMZEF(1X227&POGM7'-5#8)F%.P^4.Q!^Y ^[BY8E=/C
1F%5! I.B\RNOW-



4/ANUGR_!Z7

Z2WP'J










 +I+%
MLJ!K_0:;
DNDH :P_X
F5WRBQ9 \

#I4



-
D
M(%!W0Y?H*;_$61@G69$B#87%K^!2Y5BT/7\XI0%UDQP?#4D:#_'BBB$ME=
ML&*'8'46:4YI2+4DHH6OD/B=]X##OA.# Z;,&-8TMO-ME#KT/5FYV/P0M8

_P*T\U*Z0J
M=-008#EN)YQ*-3Q0%DHW^AOV)<:'ZD%F82W@15!,DTPUBI!XR:W2MTY:;Q#K
MGY O(Y(]\:-['1<K!JEP%]15K#!)W$7@ ?GD):J.E_1C5DX7P3I'PK]JZH*



M:/JBQS2(

.#4



M&L/_+L4AHF#+X:^G%W:J +FHN-4!^XAZNT
[?(338H'S


Q4-KEV86#CFQE1:K(],;1=
MXA2%M&VEE6VW(+)C4\$G[16QSTXYUS

]YXX;:Q#*GC
MG\Q: @Z+$M+)9]\<'-2J*S!8/]*_HG^@(!W-Z \E#KGOKK <
R3!1



MY3\?43@G29S

XR!CXT2]+Y\P7]EPNZT)%2_5
[&[ 'V(D[M)R.P1I8N[
M(@WG08:VLALM6 8-Z69
7A4JJLJ=^M9!Z

V6HU:8@<*A55Y7.Q;.FZ]'/'EO49TW


M07\UN4&S(/Y


DTNJ@.=
M=5S!ET#5R]!XP3'G87BIPTW[&7G@'.16O IP^+#74K\#KW*BD3\B#YR&W(IN
M/5C.MG/1YAKB2T'W]G2K



M.I&N!\O9CLN2?X$['+
)%;3PZIX*/'U&5P6).!0*RT(YOEDQ)D7A;/

EK<XS.X@Q@$TJV





[/-SP)XOK0'!'S<](1_[J5+=7=O^$P
M1U5J$J7BYY8']H+IBUC^,!))P -_&0C/RH'$X?7J6?F3NWL94RTAM'&9F'V
/;]C[+\D;0W*


38Q
M
3
P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (.%2DJD4SFAI0T  

M    03,  !C9W=B+3(P,38Q,3,P+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (.%2DH?VD-+
M@@H  %:-   5                =C9  !C9W=B+3(P
38Q
3
P7V-A;YX
M;6Q02P$% 

MY   8V=W8BTR
#$V
3$S

HR
M40  MMD$ !4              ( !R0 ! &-G=V(M
C Q-C$Q
S!?;&%B+GAM
M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (.%2DINROV\[S(   & P 5                2Y2
M 0!C9W=B+3(P
38Q
3


