

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-20-010123
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200529
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200529
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CIRTRAN CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000813716
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				680121636
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49654
		FILM NUMBER:		20927290
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6360 S PECOS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 8
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8019635112
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6360 S PECOS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 8
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89120
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VERMILLION VENTURES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000502








     







UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K



    
ANNUAL
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

    
    

    
For
    the fiscal year ended December 31
 2019

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

    
    

    
For
    the transition period from _______ to _____




Commission
    file number: 

    

CirTran
    Corporation

(Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)




    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer Identification No.)

    

6360
    S Pecos Road
 Suite 8
 Las Vegas
 NV 89120

(Address
    of principal executive offices
 including zip code)

    

(801)
    963-5112

(Registrant&rsquo;s
    telephone number
 including area code)


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of each class
    
Trading
    Symbol(s)
    
Name
    of each exchange on which registered

    
    
    
    
    


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:



Common
    Stock
 Par Value $0.001

(Title
    of class)




Indicate
    by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;[X] No

    

Indicate
    by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to the Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
    Act. 

    

Indicate
    by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
    Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports);
    and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] Yes&nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No

    

Indicate
    by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
    to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
    that the registrant was required to submit such files). [X] Yes&nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;] No




Indicate
    by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller
    reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated
    filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
    Act. 




    
Large
    accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
    
Accelerated
    filer 

    
Non-accelerated
    filer [X]
    
Smaller
    reporting company [X]

    
Emerging
    growth company [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
    
    




If
    an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
    for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.
    [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

    

Indicate
    by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

    

State
    the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the
    price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business

 2019
 the common stock was not
    publicly traded.

    

Indicate
    the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant&rsquo;s classes of common stock
 as of the latest practicable date.

 2020
 we had 4
500
417 shares of common stock outstanding.

    

DOCUMENTS
    INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 







    
    



TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Part
    I
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Part
    II
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Part
    III
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Part
    IV
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    
    



    
    


CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This
report contains statements about the future
 sometimes referred to as &ldquo;forward-looking&rdquo; statements. Forward-looking
statements are typically identified by use of the words &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;propose
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;intend
&rdquo; and similar words and expressions. Statements that describe our future strategic goals
 plans
 objectives
and predictions are also forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties
and other factors that may cause our actual results
 performance
 or achievements to be materially different from any future results
performance
 or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.

Readers
of this report are cautioned that any forward-looking statements
 including those regarding us or our management&rsquo;s current
beliefs
 expectations
 anticipations
 estimations
 projections
 strategies
 proposals
 plans
 or intentions
 are not guarantees
of future performance or results of events and involve risks and uncertainties
 such as:



    
We
    may be deemed to be insolvent and may face liquidation.

    
    

    
The
    auditors&rsquo; report for our most recent fiscal years contains explanatory paragraphs about our ability to continue as a
    going concern.

    
    

    
The
    ongoing COVID-19 pandemic is adversely effecting
 and will continue to adversely effect
 our manufacturing
 shipping
 marketing
    and distribution of HUSTLER&reg;-branded products.

    
    

    
We
    have only recently begun new operations with revenue potential after suffering severe operating and legal hurdles in 2016.
    

    
    

    
Our
    recent initiation of renewed operations will face the usual risks of beginning a new business
 including establishing reliable
    product sources
 new supply and distribution chains
 sales
 management capabilities
 and related requirements.

    
    

    
Our
    new business will be dependent on maintaining in good standing our manufacturing and distribution agreement with GloBrands
    and its license agreement with the Flint/Hustler organization to use the HUSTLER&reg; brand name.

    
    

    
We
    cannot assure that our efforts to identify and commercialize new products for manufacture and distribution will be successful
    or generate revenue.

    
    

    
Any
    sizable increase in products being developed
 manufactured
 and distributed will require skilled management of growth.

    
    

    
All
    of our assets are encumbered to secure the payment of indebtedness convertible to common stock
 and if the indebtedness is
    not converted before April 2027
 our default could result in the loss of all of our assets.

    
    

    
Our
    balance sheet and stockholders&rsquo; deficit continue to include liabilities accrued before 2013 and an outstanding judgment
    of $17.2 million owed by our subsidiary
 whose operations were discontinued in 2016
 but which we still report in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles. 

    
    

    
We
    will require substantial amounts of additional capital from external sources.

    
    

    
Penny
    stock regulations impose certain restrictions on resales of our securities
 which may cause an investor to lose some or all
    of its investment.

    
    

    
Risk
    factors
 such as those set forth under &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Analysis of Financial Condition
    and Results of Operation&rdquo; and other factors that are not currently known to us
 may emerge from time to time. 


The
forward-looking statements in this report are based on present circumstances and on our predictions respecting events that have
not occurred
 that may not occur
 or that may occur with different consequences from those we now assume or anticipate. Actual
events or results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors
including the risk factors discussed in this report. These cautionary statements are intended to be applicable to all related
forward-looking statements wherever they appear in this report. The forward-looking statements included are made only as of the
date of this report.


    
    


PART
I

ITEM
1. BUSINESS



Based
on our diversified expertise in manufacturing
 marketing
 distribution
 and technology services in a wide variety of consumer
products
 including tobacco products
 medical devices
 and beverages
 around the world
 we have an innovative and consumer-focused
approach to brand portfolio management
 resting on a strong understanding of consumers domestically
 and we have established a
footprint in more than 50 key
 international markets.

We
devoted most of 2019 to exploring new product opportunities in a number of products. In late 2019
 we entered into a new
 five-year
manufacturing and distribution agreement with an unrelated party to manufacture
 distribute
 and sell condoms
 electronic tobacco
products
 cigars
 energy drinks
 water beverages
 and related merchandise
 all using the HUSTLER&reg; brand name.

We
had no revenue during the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 while we devoted our efforts and financial resources to development
of products.

References
to &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; and correlative terms refer to CirTran Corporation and our three subsidiaries
LBC Products
 Inc.
 CirTran Products Corp. and CirTran - Asia
 Inc.
 through which we conduct our activities. On February 19
2019
 we filed articles of dissolution for both CirTran Media Corp. and CirTran Beverage Corp. with the state of Utah. Additionally
a certificate of dissolution was filed for Racore Network
 Inc. on March 11
 2019
 and a certificate of dissolution was filed
for CirTran Online Corp. on March 20
 2019. Lastly
 CirTran Corporation (Utah) was dissolved on August 13
 2019.

All
share and per-share amounts have been adjusted to give retroactive effect to a 1000-to-one reverse split of our common stock effective
September 2019.

Principal
2019 Activities

HUSTLER&reg;-branded
Products

After
months of direct
 three-way negotiations that began in 2018 among the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization
 GloBrands
 LLC (&ldquo;GloBrands)
and us
 in April 2019
 we entered into a term sheet to become an exclusive contract manufacturer and distributor for GloBrands
an unaffiliated licensee that was completing licensing arrangements with HUSTLER&reg;
 a privately held
 well-capitalized
 U.S.
firm with international adult entertainment
 retail
 and publishing operations. HUSTLER&reg; is a well-established international
lifestyle private label.

On
December 30
 2019
 through our new
 wholly owned subsidiary
 LBC Products
 Inc. (&ldquo;LBC&rdquo;)
 we entered into an Exclusive
Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement with GloBrands. Under this agreement
 we were granted the right through November 2024
to manufacture
 distribute
 and sell condoms
 electronic cigarettes
 electronic cigars
 cigars
 hookahs
 hookah tobacco
 energy
drinks
 water beverages
 and related merchandise
 all using the HUSTLER&reg; trademark.


    
    


The
Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization
 a privately held 45-year-old global empire founded by Larry Flynt
 operates under the HUSTLER&reg;
brand
 including Larry Flynt&rsquo;s HUSTLER&reg; Clubs in 14 locations worldwide
 HUSTLER&reg; Hollywood adult retail stores
in 34 locations
 the luxurious HUSTLER&reg; Casino and Larry Flynt&rsquo;s Lucky Lady Casino in California
 broadcasting outlets
serving over 55 countries
 and DVD distribution. Larry Flynt&rsquo;s HUSTLER&reg; Club
 located at the south end of The Las Vegas
Strip
 consists of an approximately 70
000-square-foot gentlemen&rsquo;s club over a similarly sized retail store that sells erotic
clothing
 toys
 and associated merchandise. Our HUSTLER&reg;-branded products will also be distributed in outlets operated by
HUSTLER&reg;&rsquo;s affiliated DejaVue organization
 which operates approximately 200 gentlemen&rsquo;s clubs and adjacent adult
retail stores in major metropolitan cities across the United States and several foreign countries
 including United Kingdom
 Australia
France
 Canada
 and Mexico.

In
undertaking this new product manufacturing and distribution opportunity
 we will seek to take advantage of our distribution and
manufacturing relationships established in several global locations during the last 18 years.

Under
the term sheet and in anticipation of completing our agreement
 during 2019
 we:



    
    
developed
    product manufacturing relationships with various foreign and domestic suppliers
 including:

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
obtaining
    sometimes at our cost and for our exclusive benefit
 tobacco import regulatory licenses;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
designing
    product logos and labeling;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
obtaining
    regulatory approval for our HUSTLER&reg; brand product labeling where required;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
securing
    at our cost and for our exclusive benefit
 necessary FDA 510(k) approval for condom manufacturing;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
developing
    and refining regular and sugar-free energy drink and water assorted flavorings and formulations;

    
    
    

    
    
created
    samples
 wholesale and point-of-sale displays
 catalogs
 and related merchandising materials;

    
    
    

    
    
developed
    digital and hard copy media support
 website
 product spokespersons
 direct television commercials
 print
 and miscellaneous
    media;

    
    
    

    
    
established
    through our marketing and distribution relationships
 distribution and delivery channels
 inventory management
 and related
    logistics;

    
    
    

    
    
leased
    Las Vegas facilities to house our offices
 showroom
 and warehouse;

    
    
    

    
    
assembled
    a team of contract consultants and support staff to expand into full operations when our business development progresses;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
designed
    data gathering
 reporting
 and analytical systems to support product and market development and refinement to respond to changing
    dynamics.


These
efforts continue. In early 2020
 we completed phase one of our development of all HUSTLER&reg;-branded products
 which enabled
us to receive payment of $250
000 from GloBrands. We expect to receive additional payments in 2020.


    
    


Our
GloBrands Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement

Our
December 2019 Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement with GloBrands grants to us the exclusive right to manufacture
distribute
 and sell the specified products
 including the authority to deal directly with distribution chain participants and
to collect all product payments. We are authorized to retain from the collected sales proceeds an amount equal to 120% of our
cost of goods sold
 plus 10% of gross sales of the covered products. GloBrands will also reimburse us 105% of certain of our media
placement expenses. Our GloBrands&rsquo; agreement term extends through November 30
 2024
 subject to earlier termination by either
party following 60 days&rsquo; notice of uncured material default.

The
terms of our agreement with GloBrands are subject in all respects to its rights as licensee under its licensing agreements with
the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization to use the HUSTLER&reg; brand name
 the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization has approved our manufacturing
and distribution arrangement. GloBrands is obligated to us under our agreement to fully and timely perform and observe all terms
covenants
 and conditions of the three underlying licenses between it and the Flynt/Hustler organization
 including the payment
of required minimum and actual royalties to the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization. Further
 GloBrands cannot amend the license agreements
or waive or release any material right under the underlying Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; licenses. Under the Manufacturing and Distribution
Agreement
 we transmit royalty payments on GloBrands&rsquo; behalf directly to the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization.

We
have a limited license to use the HUSTLER&reg; brand name for the exclusive purposes of fulfilling our obligations under the Manufacturing
and Distribution Agreement.

GloBrands&rsquo;
License to Use the HUSTLER&reg; Brand Name

Our
Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement with GloBrands implements its three separate product licenses with the Flynt/Hustler
organization. These three licenses
 all effective May 31
 2019
 cover three branded products or product groups (condoms
 energy
drinks and waters
 and natural leaf small cigars and premium cigars
 electronic cigarettes/cigars
 hookahs
 and hookah tobacco)
with minimum initial term guaranteed payments. The guaranteed payments are a prepayment of
 and are applied to
 actual royalties
of the gross sales price of products
 less freight and returns. The licenses authorize worldwide product distribution through
mass retail
 drug stores
 supermarkets
 club stores
 direct response
 pharmacies casinos/nightclubs
 convenience stores
 internet
sales via licensee&rsquo;s websites
 and miscellaneous other outlets. Each license is automatically renewable for an additional
five-year term
 subject to adjustment to the amount of guaranteed payments. All manufacturing
 labeling
 and marketing materials
samples
 and representative products are subject to the prior approval of the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization. As noted above
the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization has consented to our appointment to market and distribute the licensed products under our
marketing and distribution agreement with GloBrands.

Each
license is terminable by the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization if any material default by GloBrands is not cured within 60 days
after notice (10 days in the case of nonpayment). We are not entitled to receive a copy of any notice of default.

Business
Approach

We
are committed to developing our clients&rsquo; brands and licensed brands and to providing a range of products in various categories
for markets globally. We provide complete product development
 manufacturing
 and distribution services for a wide range of business
sectors. From first concept to design
 engineering
 prototyping
 manufacturing
 packaging
 marketing
 inventory control
 distribution
shipping
 warranty fulfillment
 and customer service.


    
    



Consumer
Product Commercialization&mdash;Contract Marketing

Beyond
our current activities under our December 2019 Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement
 we seek to commercialize one or more
consumer products. Through those efforts
 we identify what we believe to be the need for a product or other demand and then seek
a product that may be distributed to address that demand. When we identify a need
 but find no suitable available product
 we
may design our own product for commercialization.

We
pursue contract marketing relationships principally in the domestic consumer products markets
 such as home and garden
 kitchen
health and beauty
 toys
 and licensed merchandise for television
 sports
 and other entertainment properties. If we deem it suitable
we may obtain rights from the product owner to manufacture and market a particular product
 generally in consideration of the
payment of a royalty
 sometimes accompanied with an initial fee. Frequently
 owners of undeveloped products or product concepts
are seeking branding
 marketing
 manufacturing
 order fulfillment
 and distribution assistance.

Our
commercialization effort includes developing product packaging
 branding the product
 arranging third-party manufacturing
 establishing
distribution channels
 and arranging order fulfillment. We anticipate that these activities will generally be undertaken by third
parties under contract. In some cases
 we may brand a product under a license to use a third-party&rsquo;s recognized name
 as
we did in the case of the Playboy-branded energy drink; seek an endorsement from a publicly recognized celebrity
 sports figure
or other person; or obtain the rights to use the image
 likeness
 or logo of a product or a person
 such as a well-known celebrity.
Licensed merchandise is then sold and marketed in the entertainment and sports franchise industries. We anticipate that these
products will be introduced into the market under either one uniform brand name or separate trademarked names that we originate
and own or acquire by license.

The
contract-manufacturing industry specializes in providing the program management
 technical and administrative support
 and manufacturing
expertise required to take products from the early design and prototype stages through volume production and distribution
 providing
the customer with a quality product
 delivered on time and at a competitive cost. This full range of services gives the customer
an opportunity to avoid large capital investments in plant
 inventory
 equipment
 and staffing
 so that instead
 it can concentrate
on innovation
 design
 and marketing. By using our contract-manufacturing services
 customers will have the ability to improve
the return on their investment with greater flexibility in responding to market demands and exploiting new market opportunities.
Our efforts will be led by our current chief executive officer and others that we may hire as employees or engage as independent
contractors.

In
previous years
 we found that customers increasingly required contract manufacturers to provide complete turn-key manufacturing
and material handling services
 rather than working on a consignment basis in which the customer supplies all materials and the
contract manufacturer supplies only labor. Turn-key contracts involve design
 manufacturing and engineering support
 procurement
of all materials
 and sophisticated in-circuit and functional testing and distribution. The manufacturing partnership between
customers and contract manufacturers involves an increased use of &ldquo;just-in-time&rdquo; inventory management techniques that
minimize the customer&rsquo;s investment in component inventories
 personnel
 and related facilities
 thereby reducing its costs.


    
    



Based
on the trends we have observed in the contract-manufacturing industry
 we believe we will benefit from the increased market acceptance
of
 and reliance upon
 the use of manufacturing specialists by many original equipment manufacturers
 or OEMs
 marketing firms
distributors
 and national retailers. We believe the trend towards outsourcing manufacturing will continue. OEMs use manufacturing
specialists for many reasons
 including reducing the time it takes to bring new products to market
 reducing the initial investment
required
 accessing leading manufacturing technology
 gaining the ability to better focus resources in other value-added areas
and improving inventory management and purchasing power. An important element of our strategy is to establish partnerships with
major and emerging OEM leaders in diverse segments across our target industries. Due to the costs inherent in supporting customer
relationships
 we focus on customers with which the opportunity exists to develop long-term business partnerships. Our goal is
to provide our customers with total manufacturing solutions through third-party providers for both new and more mature products
as well as across product generations&mdash;an idea we call &ldquo;Concept to Consumer.&rdquo;

We
have also designed
 engineered
 manufactured
 and supplied products in the international electronic consumer products
 and general
merchandise industries for various marketers
 distributors
 and retailers selling overseas. We have provided manufacturing services
to the direct-response and retail consumer markets. Our experience and expertise enables us to enter a project at various phases:
engineering and design; product development and prototyping; tooling; and high-volume manufacturing. Our contacts with Asian suppliers
have helped us to maintain our status as an international contract manufacturer for multiple products in a wide variety of industries
which will allow us to target larger-scale contracts.

We
have developed markets for several product lines
 including medical devices
 beverages
 tobacco products
 fitness and exercise
products
 household and kitchen products and appliances
 and health and beauty aids
 some of which are manufactured in China.
We anticipate that offshore contract manufacturing will play an increased role moving forward as resources become available to
us.

Sales
and Marketing

We
review opportunities to identify products that we may market through current sales channels. We also seek new paths to deliver
products and services directly to end users and are pursuing strategic and reciprocal relationships with retail distribution firms
whereby they would act as our retail distribution arm and we would act as their manufacturing arm
 with each party giving the
other priority and first opportunity to work on the other&rsquo;s products.

We
believe there may be a significant marketing advantage related to our development and introduction of the suite of products under
the HUSTLER&reg; brand that identifies our products and outweighs related costs.

Our
contacts in Central America
 Thailand
 Vietnam
 China
 and other Asian countries may allow us to increase our manufacturing capacity
and output with minimal capital investment required. By using various subcontractors
 we may leverage our upfront payments for
inventories and tooling to control costs and receive benefits from economies of scale in Asian manufacturing facilities.


    
    


Typically
and depending on the contract
 we may be required to prepay a portion of the purchase orders for materials. In exchange for financial
commitments
 we may receive dedicated manufacturing responsiveness and eliminate the costly expense associated with capitalizing
completely proprietary facilities. For example
 we previously expanded our manufacturing capabilities for our beverage division
outside the United States to accommodate international customers by contracting with manufacturers in Hungary
 The Netherlands
South Africa
 and India. This will also be the case moving forward with the current branded products manufactured and distributed
for GloBrands.

During
a typical contract manufacturing sales process
 a customer provides us with specifications for the product it wants
 and we develop
a bid price for manufacturing a minimum quantity that includes manufacture engineering
 parts
 labor
 testing
 and shipping. If
the bid is accepted
 the customer is required to purchase the minimum quantity
 and additional product is sold through purchase
orders issued under the original contract. Special engineering services are provided at either an hourly rate or a fixed contract
price for a specified task.



As
we seek to develop and introduce new private label or similarly branded proprietary products
 we may be dependent on our ability
to acquire licensing rights with established
 broadly recognized brand names
 which are typically owned by large
 international
firms that carefully guard their name&rsquo;s integrity and reputation. We have little market position or operating history to
support our efforts to develop exclusive marketing relationships. On the contrary
 we may be adversely affected by the history
of our relationship with Playboy Enterprises
 Inc.
 in distributing its private label Playboy nonalcoholic energy drink.

Competition
in our targeted markets is based on manufacturing technology
 merchandise quality
 responsiveness
 the provision of value-added
services
 and price. To be competitive
 we must provide technologically advanced manufacturing services
 maintain quality levels
offer flexible delivery schedules
 and deliver finished products on a reliable basis and for a favorable price.

The
manufacturing services industry is large and diverse and serviced by many companies
 including several that have achieved significant
market share. We will compete with different companies depending on the type of service or geographic area. Certain of our competitors
may have greater manufacturing
 financial
 research and development
 and marketing resources than we have.

We
will also face competition from current and prospective customers that evaluate our capabilities against the merits of manufacturing
products internally.



We
or the products we sell are subject to typical federal
 state
 and local regulations and laws governing the operations of manufacturing
concerns
 including environmental disposal
 storage
 and discharge regulations and laws; employee safety laws and regulations;
and labor practices laws and regulations. We and the firms that manufacture the products that we market and distribute typically
lead compliance with applicable good manufacturing procedures compliance
 including FDA 510(k) certification for medical devices
such as condoms. We coordinate those efforts and
 when we bear the related costs
 hold the exclusive rights under those regulatory
clearances. We are primarily responsible for complying with importing and interstate shipping licenses
 registrations
 reporting
and related excise tax payments for tobacco products we handle.


    
    


We
are not required under current laws and regulations to obtain or maintain any specialized or agency-specific other licenses
 permits
or authorizations to conduct our manufacturing services
 but we must obtain licenses to sell tobacco products in all states. We
believe we are in substantial compliance with all relevant regulations applicable to our business and operations. All international
sales permits are the responsibility of the local distributors
 and they are required to obtain all local licenses and permits.



At
December 31
 2019
 we had three full-time employees
 including our officers and directors
 and two part-time contract workers.
We now rely on part-time and contract workers
 independent contractors
 and consultants to meet our needs while minimizing fixed
overhead. We expect to continue to rely on this strategy in the future as our increasing activities required more personnel.

Recapitalization
Authorization

In
May 2015
 our stockholders and board of directors approved an amendment to our articles of incorporation to complete a 1
000-to-1
reverse split
 or consolidation
 of our common stock
 decrease our authorized common stock to 100
000
000 shares
 par value $0.001
and authorize a class of 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock having such terms as the board of directors may determine prior to
issuance (the &ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;). However
 FINRA refused to approve the Amendment until such time as we became current in
our periodic reports and received approval for our common stock to resume trading. We became current in our periodic reports
and in September 2019
 FINRA approved the Amendment
 our recapitalization was effective
 and our common stock resumed quotation
on the Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group.

Corporate
Background and History

In
1987
 CirTran Corporation was incorporated in Nevada under the name Vermillion Ventures
 Inc.
 for the purpose of acquiring other
operating corporate entities. We were largely inactive until July 1
 2000
 when we acquired substantially all of the assets and
certain liabilities of Circuit Technology
 Inc.
 through a wholly owned subsidiary
 CirTran Corporation (Utah)
 that we created
for the purpose of completing the acquisition.

Since
2000
 we evolved from electronics contract manufacturing to market and distribute worldwide a Playboy&reg;-branded non-alcoholic
energy drink under a 2007 license and marketing agreement with Playboy Enterprises
 Inc. These activities were terminated in 2016
due to legal and financial problems resulting from Playboy&rsquo;s cancellation of our agreements. The assets and liabilities
associated with our beverage distribution businesses were reported as discontinued operations as of December 31
 2016. In early
2019
 we dissolved the subsidiaries under which we had conducted our non-alcoholic beverage distribution business.


    
    


ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS

In
addition to the negative implications of all information and financial data included in or referred to directly in this report
you should consider the following risk factors. This report contains forward-looking statements and information concerning us
our plans
 and other future events. Those statements should be read together with the discussion of risk factors set forth below
because those risk factors could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.

We
may be deemed to be insolvent and may face liquidation.

We
may be deemed to be insolvent. We are unable to meet all of our obligations as they accrue
 and the aggregate amount of our liabilities
exceeds the value of our assets. Creditors may have the right to initiate involuntary bankruptcy proceedings against us to seek
our liquidation. We cannot assure that we would be successful in avoiding liquidation by converting such liquidation proceedings
to a Chapter 11 reorganization
 which would permit us to develop and propose
 for creditor and court approval
 a reorganization
plan that would enable us to proceed. Even if we were to propose a reorganization plan
 any reorganization plan would likely require
that we obtain new post-petition funding
 which may be unavailable. Further
 in the event of bankruptcy
 our secured creditors
that have encumbrances on all of our assets would likely execute and take all of our assets
 which may leave nothing for other
creditors or our stockholders.

The
auditors&rsquo; report for our most recent fiscal year
 like previous years
 contains an explanatory paragraph about our ability
to continue as a going concern.

We
had a net loss of approximately $1.2 million and approximately $1.1 million during the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
respectively
 which includes approximately $149
000 and approximately $165
000 in losses from discontinued operations. We had
an accumulated deficit of approximately $78.5 million as of December 31
 2019. During the year ended December 31
 2019
 net cash
used in operations was approximately $123
000. We had current liabilities of approximately $38.0 million and an approximately
$38.0 million working capital deficit as of December 31
 2019. The report from our auditors on our consolidated financial statements
for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 as for several previous years
 contains explanatory paragraphs about our ability
to continue as a going concern.

The
novel COVID-19 pandemic is having and will likely continue to have negative effects on our business and results of operations.

On
March 11
 2020
 the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a global pandemic. We are monitoring the situation closely
and our response to the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve. Our current principal responsive measures include implementing
a mandatory work from home policy for most employees
 restricting airplane travel
 rescheduling marketing efforts
 and product
market launches
 and updating our planning for future events in recognition of the fact that retail outlets for the HUSTLER&reg;-branded
products we manufacture and distribute are experiencing
 and will likely continue to experience
 substantially declining revenue.
We are also evaluating the impact of the pandemic on our supply chain as compared to product demand. We actively monitor COVID-19-related
developments and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal
 state
 or local authorities
or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees
 customers
 vendors
 and stockholders. The effects of these operational
modifications will be reflected in current and future reporting periods.


    
    


The
duration and magnitude of the COVID-19 pandemic impacts on our business operations and overall financial performance is unknown
at this time and will depend on numerous circumstances outside our control or the ability of anyone to predict accurately. The
secondary and tertiary unpredictable economic effects on our business and on the worldwide economy could be ruinous. The probability
of reoccurrences of virus outbreaks is high and may continue for many months
 likely resulting in further government-ordered lockdowns
stay-home
 or shelter-in-place orders
 and social distancing; restrictions on travel; and other widespread measures. We cannot
predict the effect of these circumstances on us and our vendors
 customers
 and community; the global economy and political conditions;
and the health of our employees
 contractors
 and their families; all of which will affect how quickly and to what extent normal
economic and operating activities can resume. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided
 we may continue to experience an
adverse effect on our business as a result of its global economic impact
 including any resulting and ongoing recession. All of
these circumstances likely exert similar hardships on those with which we deal
 such as vendors
 shippers
 distributors
 and customers.
As a result
 we have made adjustments to
 and will need to continue to adjust
 our business and expenditures in an effort to correlate
our activities with business exigencies. These adjustments may include restrictions of executive and employee travel
 hiring freezes
or delays
 and limitations on marketing and other expenditures. The ultimate financial impact and duration of all of the foregoing
cannot now be predicted and may well exceed our expectations or our ability to cope with them.

We
have only recently begun new operations with revenue potential after suffering severe operating and legal hurdles in 2016.

Based
on the term sheet signed in April 2019 and the Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement signed in December 2019
 we
began to prepare to manufacture
 market
 and distribute an array of products under the HUSTLER&reg; brand name
 but have not actually
commenced revenue-generating
 full-scale operations. We cannot assure that our efforts will be successful
 that we will be able
to generate revenues
 or that revenues will be sufficient to offset operating costs or recover start-up costs. We have not generated
revenue from product sales since we discontinued manufacturing and distribution our previous non-alcoholic beverage product due
to legal and financial problems.

Our
new efforts to market a group of products under the HUSTLER&reg; brand name face all of the risks and uncertainties of a new business.

Manufacturing
and marketing products under the HUSTLER&reg; brand name will be a new business for us that will be subject to all of the risks
and uncertainties of a new business
 including the difficulties of:



    
    
developing
    a new product that can be manufactured
 marketed
 and distributed successfully;

    
    
    

    
    
obtaining
    the benefit of applicable licenses
 registrations
 and other required governmental approvals;

    
    
    

    
    
operating
    a cost-effective business that generates revenue sufficiently over the costs of start-up and other related expenses;

    
    
    

    
    
competing
    effectively in an industry dominated by larger
 more experienced firms with well-established markets and greater management
    and financial resources;

    
    
    

    
    
managing
    operations and growth.


We
will be subject to myriad other risks and uncertainties
 over which we have no control or material influence.


    
    


Our
new business will be dependent on GloBrands maintaining the license to use the HUSTLER&reg; brand name.

Our
new business is fully dependent on GloBrands&rsquo; ability to preserve its rights to use the HUSTLER&reg; brand name. We cannot
assure that GloBrands will be able to comply with all of the terms
 covenants
 or conditions of the governing license agreement
or that GloBrands
 the counterparty to our manufacturing agreement
 will meet all of its obligations to us or HUSTLER&reg;
 through
which GloBrands obtained its rights. Under its licenses with the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization
 GloBrands has substantial minimum
royalty payments due the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization under each of the three product licenses
 and we have to rights to monitor
whether GloBrands is making those payments as required or to cure any GloBrands defaults. Further
 we cannot assure that HUSTLER&reg;
will fulfill its obligations under its agreements to GloBrands. Breaches by any party to the agreements under which we derive
our rights to use the HUSTLER&reg; brand name will place the entire business we are currently launching in peril and force us
to terminate operations.

All
of our assets are encumbered to secure the payment of secured convertible debentures that require payments if not previously converted
to common stock.

We
encumbered all of our assets to secure the payment of indebtedness and accrued interest due on secured convertible debentures
of which $260
000 is required to be repaid between June 3 and December 23
 2020
 and approximately $2.4 million is required to
be repaid by April 2027
 if not previously converted. In the event of default in repayment
 our secured creditor could exercise
its remedies
 including the execution on all of our assets
 which would result in the termination of our activities. We cannot
assure that the secured creditor will continue to refrain from aggressive collection efforts. The existence of these secured obligations
will likely significantly impair our ability to obtain capital from external sources.

We
will require substantial amounts of additional capital from external sources.

We
may seek required funds through the sale of equity or other securities. Our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms will
depend on many factors
 including the condition of the securities markets generally and for companies like us at the time of the
offering; our business
 financial condition
 and prospects at the time of the proposed offering; our ability to identify and reach
a satisfactory arrangement with prospective securities sales and investment groups; and various other factors. We cannot assure
that we will be able to obtain financing on terms favorable to us or at all. The issuance of additional equity securities may
dilute the interest of our existing stockholders or may subordinate their rights to the superior rights of new investors.

We
may also seek additional capital through strategic alliances
 joint ventures
 or other collaborative arrangements. Any such relationships
may dilute our interest in any specific project and decrease the amount of revenue that we may receive from the project. We cannot
assure that we will be able to negotiate any strategic investment or obtain required additional funds on acceptable terms
 if
at all. In addition
 our cash requirements may vary materially from those now planned because of the results of future marketing
and manufacturing agreements; results of product testing; potential relationships with our strategic or collaborative partners;
changes in the focus and direction of our research and development programs; competition and technological advances; issues related
to patent or other protection for proprietary technologies; and other factors.


    
    



If
adequate funds are not available
 we may be required to delay
 reduce the scope of
 or eliminate our planned efforts; obtain funds
through arrangements with strategic or collaborative partners that may require us to relinquish rights to certain of our technologies
product candidates
 or products that we would otherwise seek to develop or commercialize ourselves; or sublicense our rights to
such products on terms that are less favorable to us than might otherwise be available.

Our
financial statements report liabilities incurred before 2013 that may impair our ability to seek capital.

Our
balance sheet and stockholders&rsquo; deficit continue to include liabilities accrued prior to 2013 by our subsidiary
 whose operations
were discontinued in 2016
 but which we still report on our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). These liabilities include a judgment with a balance of $17.2 million as of December 31
 2019
awarded to Playboy Enterprises
 Inc.
 which is barred by court order from seeking collection against us
 the parent
 and amounts
due to assorted trade creditors and professional firms for services rendered to other subsidiaries prior to 2013
 which we believe
may be barred by the applicable statutes of limitations. The resulting large
 past-due liabilities may impair our ability to obtain
additional capital or decrease the market in which our common stock is traded.

Any
substantial increase in business activities will require skilled management of growth.

If
we have the opportunity to commercialize new products
 our success will depend on our ability to manage continued growth
 including
integrating new employees
 independent contractors
 and consultants into an effective management and technical team; formulating
strategic alliances
 joint ventures
 or other collaborative arrangements with third parties; commercializing and marketing proposed
products and services; and monitoring and managing these relationships on a long-term basis. If our management is unable to integrate
these resources and manage growth effectively
 the quality of our products and services
 our ability to retain key personnel
and the results of our operations would be materially and adversely affected.

Our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31
 2019. Compliance
with public company regulatory requirements
 including those relating to our internal control over financial reporting
 have and
will likely continue to result in significant expenses and
 if we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting in the future
 investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market
price of our common stock may be negatively affected.

As
a public reporting company
 we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as well as to the information and reporting requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 and other federal securities laws. As a result
we incur significant legal
 accounting
 and other expenses
 including costs associated with our public company reporting requirements
and corporate governance requirements. As an example of public reporting company requirements
 we evaluate the effectiveness of
disclosure controls and procedures and of our internal control over financing reporting in order to allow management to report
on such controls.

Our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31
 2019
 due to a failure
to maintain an effective control environment
 failure of segregation of duties
 failure of entity-level controls
 and our sole
executive&rsquo;s access to cash.


    
    



If
significant deficiencies or other material weaknesses are identified in our internal control over financial reporting that we
cannot remediate in a timely manner
 investors and others may lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements.
This would likely have an adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock and our ability to secure any necessary additional
equity or debt financing.

Stockholders
may suffer substantial dilution related to issued stock options
 warrants
 and convertible debentures.

As
of December 31
 2019
 we had a number of agreements or obligations for the possible issuance of common stock that may result in
dilution to investors. These include:



    
    
40
000
    shares required for issuance upon the exercise of stock options; and

    
    
    

    
    
568
989
796
shares required for issuance under our outstanding convertible
    debentures and promissory notes at approximately $0.01 per share.


The
sale
 or even the possibility of the sale
 of the shares of common stock underlying these commitments could have an adverse effect
on the market price for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing.

Additional
issuances of stock
 stock options and warrants
 and convertible debt will cause additional substantial dilution to our stockholders.

The
number of our issued and outstanding shares was recently decreased as the result of a 1 for 1
000 reverse stock split of our common
stock. As a result
 95% of our common stock is available for issuance. Given our limited cash
 liquidity
 and revenues
 it is
likely that in the future
 as in the past
 we will sell stock and issue additional stock options and convertible debt to finance
our future business operations. The issuance of additional shares of common stock
 the exercise of stock options
 and the conversion
of debt to stock will cause additional dilution to our stockholders and could have further adverse effects on the market price
for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing.

Penny
stock regulations will impose certain restrictions on resales of our securities
 which may cause an investor to lose some or all
of its investment.

The
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations that generally define a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; to be any equity
security that has a market price (as defined) of less than $5.00 per share that is not traded on a national securities exchange
or that has an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions. As a result
 our common stock is subject
to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell these securities to persons other than
established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of $1
000
000 or annual income exceeding
$200
000
 or $300
000 together with their spouse). For transactions covered by these rules
 the broker-dealer must make a special
suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser&rsquo;s written consent to the transaction
before the purchase.


    
    



Further
if the price of the stock is below $5.00 per share and the issuer does not have $2.0 million or more net tangible assets or is
not listed on a registered national securities exchange
 sales of that stock in the secondary trading market are subject to certain
additional rules promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These rules generally require
 among other things
that brokers engaged in secondary trading of penny stocks provide customers with written disclosure documents
 monthly statements
of the market value of penny stocks
 disclosure of the bid and asked prices
 and disclosure of the compensation to the broker-dealer
and the salesperson working for the broker-dealer in connection with the transaction. These rules and regulations may affect the
ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock
 thereby effectively limiting the liquidity of our common stock. These rules
may also adversely affect the ability of persons that acquire our common stock to resell their securities in any trading market
that may exist at the time of such intended sale.

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS



ITEM
2. PROPERTIES

As
of November 29
 2019
 we entered into a Commercial Lease with GloBrands
 LLC
 a New Mexico limited liability company (&ldquo;GloBrands&rdquo;)
an unrelated party
 to sublease a 2
500-square-foot office
 showroom
 and warehouse in Las Vegas
 NV
 on a month-to-month basis
for $2
500 per month. We believe that the facilities described above are generally in good condition
 well maintained
 and suitable
and adequate for our current needs. During 2020
 we will obtain additional warehouse space in southern California to store imported
tobacco products in order to reduce interstate taxation.

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

From
time to time
 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business.
All judgments
 including interest
 have been booked as liabilities and the matters are no longer pending. However
 litigants can
initiate further proceedings following the entry of a nonappealable final judgments seeking enforcement or further relief. Litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm
our business. As of December 31
 2019
 we were not a party to any material pending litigation and no lawsuits have been threatened
by or against us.

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market
Information

In
September 2019
 our common stock resumed quotation on the Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group under the trading symbol &ldquo;CIRX.&rdquo;
Our common stock did not trade during the previous portion of the preceding two years. These over-the-counter market quotations
reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down
 or commission
 and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.
Since our inception
 the sporadic trading activity in our common stock and the price fluctuations have been volatile
 and we cannot
assure that any market for our common stock will be maintained.

The
following table sets forth the range of low and high closing sale prices for our common stock
 as adjusted to give retroactive
effect to a 1000-to-one reverse split effective September 2019
 for each of the periods indicated as reported and summarized by
the Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group:



    
    
    

    
    
    

First
    Quarter
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


On
May 26
 2020
 the closing price per share for the most recent sale of our common stock on the Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group
was $0.05. We have 498 stockholders of record of our common stock. As of May 26
 2020
 we had 4
500
417 shares of our common stock
issued and outstanding.

Our
shares of common stock are subject to the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; and other rules of the Exchange Act. In general terms
 &ldquo;penny
stock&rdquo; is defined as any equity security that has a market price less than $5.00 per share that is not traded on a national
securities exchange or that has an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions. As a result
 our
common stock is subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell these securities
to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of $1
000
000 or annual
income exceeding $200
000
 or $300
000 together with their spouse).

Transactions
covered by these rules are subject to additional sales practice requirements
 including the broker-dealer must make a special
suitability determination for the purchase of these securities and have received the purchaser&rsquo;s written consent to the
transaction before the purchase. These rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to trade or maintain a market in our common
stock
 to the extent it is penny stock
 and may affect the ability of stockholders to sell their shares.



Holders
of shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends for our common stock when
 as
 and if declared by the board of directors
out of funds legally available therefor. We have not paid any dividends on our common stock and intend to retain earnings
 if
any
 to finance the development and expansion of our business. Future dividend policy is subject to the discretion of the board
of directors and will depend upon a number of factors
 including future revenues
 capital requirements
 overall financial condition
and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant.


    
    



Equity
Compensation Plan

The
following table provides information respecting our compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under
which our equity securities are authorized for issuance.



Plan
    Category
Number
Be
of
                                         Outstanding Options
Warrants
                                         and Rights
Weighted-Average
Exercise
Outstanding
                                         Options
Warrants
                                         and Rights
Number
Available
under
Plans
reflected
                                         in column (a))(c)

    
    
    
    

Equity
                                         compensation plans approved by security holders
40
000
    
160
000

Equity
                                         compensation plans not approved by security holders
    
    
    

    
40
000
    
160
000


Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

Not
applicable.

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

We
are not required to provide the information called for by this item.

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION

Except
for the historical information
 the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties.
We caution you not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this report. Our
actual results or actions may differ materially from these forward-looking statements for many reasons
 including the risks described
in &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and elsewhere in this annual report. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and
results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes and with the understanding
that our actual future results may be materially different from what we currently expect.



Based
on our diversified expertise in manufacturing
 marketing
 distribution
 and technology services in a wide variety of consumer
products
 including tobacco products
 medical devices
 and beverages
 around the world
 we have an innovative and consumer-focused
approach to brand portfolio management
 resting on a strong understanding of consumers domestically
 and we have established a
footprint in more than 50 key
 international markets.

We
devoted most of 2019 to exploring new product opportunities in a number of products. In late 2019
 we entered into a new
 five-year
manufacturing and distribution agreement with an unrelated party to manufacture
 distribute
 and sell condoms
 electronic tobacco
products
 cigars
 energy drinks
 water beverages
 and related merchandise
 all using the HUSTLER&reg; brand name.

We
had no revenue during the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 while we devoted our efforts and financial resources to development
of products.


    
    


Going
Concern

We
have suffered substantial losses. The future of our company is dependent upon our ability to generate revenues
 or revenues sufficient
to offset operating costs or recover start-up costs
 under our new Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement signed in
December 2019. Management intends to seek additional capital through a private placement or public offering of its common stock
if necessary. Our auditors have expressed a going concern in their opinion
 which raises substantial doubts about our ability
to continue as a going concern.

Results
of Operations

Comparison
of Years Ended December 31
 2019 and 2018

Sales
and Cost of Sales

We
had no revenues for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018.

Operating
Expenses

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 selling
 general
 and administrative expenses were approximately $407
000
 as compared to approximately
$447
000 for the same period in 2018
 a decrease of 9%
 as a result of a reduction in legal expenses.

Other
Income and Expense

Other
expenses during the year ended December 31
 2019
 consisted of approximately $593
000 of interest expense
 a loss on derivation
valuation of approximately $81
000
 offset by other income and a gain on settlement of debt totaling approximately $1
000. Other
expenses during the year ended December 31
 2018
 consisted solely of approximately $500
000 of interest expense related to convertible
notes.

As
a result of the foregoing
 we had a loss from continuing operations of $1.1 million during the year ended December 31
 2019
 as
compared to $0.9 million during the year ended December 31
 2018.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

We
have had a history of losses from operations
 as our expenses were greater than our declining revenues
 which had ceased entirely.
Our accumulated deficit was $78.5 million at December 31
 2019. For the year ended December 31
 2019
 we used negligible net cash
of $200 from operating and financing activities
 compared to using negligible net cash of $5
610 for the prior year
 from operating
and financing activities.

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 we used approximately $123
000 of net cash in operations
 comprised of a net loss from continuing
operations of $1.1 million
 noncash losses of approximately $96
000
 changes in working capital of approximately $815
000
 and
net cash provided by discontinued operations of approximately $44
000. The net change in working capital was primarily driven
by accrued interest of approximately $501
000 and accrued liabilities of approximately $274
000.

During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 we used approximately $209
000 of net cash in operations
 comprised of a net loss from continuing
operations of approximately $946
000
 noncash losses of approximately $244
000
 changes in working capital of approximately $498
000
and net cash used in discontinued operations of $4
875. The net change in working capital was primarily driven by an increase
in accrued interest of $494
000.


    
    



During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 financing activities provided approximately $123
000 of net cash
 the majority of which were
proceeds from convertible and related-party loans.

During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 we generated approximately $203
000 of net cash from financing activities comprised solely of
proceeds from related-party loans.

Our
Capital Resources and Anticipated Requirements

Our
monthly operating costs approximately $35
000 per month
 excluding approximately $50
000 of accruing interest expense and capital
expenditures. We continue to focus on generating revenue and reducing our monthly business expenses through cost reductions and
operational streamlining. In early 2020
 we received a payment of $250
000 under our GloBrands agreement and expect to receive
additional payments during the balance of the year. Currently
 we do not have enough cash on hand to sustain our business operations
and we expect to access external capital resources in the near future.

In
conjunction with our efforts to commercialize new products
 we are actively seeking infusions of capital from investors. In our
current financial condition
 it is unlikely that we will be able to obtain additional debt financing. Even if we did acquire additional
debt
 we would be required to devote additional cash flow to servicing the debt and securing the debt with assets.

Accordingly
we are looking to obtain equity financing to meet our anticipated capital needs. We cannot assure that we will be successful in
obtaining such capital. If we were to issue additional shares for debt and/or equity
 this would dilute the value of our common
stock and existing stockholders&rsquo; positions. We also have no authorized but unissued capital available
 and we are dependent
on the Amendment becoming effective in order to obtain any new equity financing.

Convertible
Debentures and Notes Payable

We
currently have an amended
 restated
 and consolidated secured convertible debenture with Tekfine
 LLC
 an unrelated entity
 with
a maturity date of April 30
 2027
 to the extent not previously converted. The amended debenture had a total outstanding principal
balance of $2
390
528
 with accrued interest of $1.4 million as of December 31
 2019. In addition
 we have additional convertible
debentures with Tekfine having principal balances of $200
000
 $25
000
 $25
000
 and $10
000
 with accrued interest of $26
986
$708
 $493 and $11 as of December 31
 2019
 and maturity dates of November 12
 2020
 June 3
 2020
 August 8
 2020
 and December
23
 2020
 unless earlier converted. The convertible debentures and accrued interest are convertible into shares of our common
stock at the lower of $0.10 or the lowest bid price for the 20 trading days prior to conversion.

We
have received advances from related parties totaling $84
987 and $203
380 during the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.
Additionally
 related parties paid expenses on our behalf totaling $(77
180) and $241
734 during the years ended December 31
2019 and 2018
 respectively. The advances are non-interest-bearing
 due on demand
 and are included in current liabilities.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements and do not anticipate entering into any such arrangements in the foreseeable future.


    
    


Critical
Accounting Policies

The
methods
 estimates
 and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on the results we report
in our financial statements
 which we discuss under the heading &ldquo;Results of Operations&rdquo; in this Item 7. Some of our
accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments
 often as a result of the need to make estimates of
matters that are inherently uncertain.

We
set forth below those material accounting policies that we believe are the most critical to an investor&rsquo;s understanding
of our financial results and condition and that require complex management judgment.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of our financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. Our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission include
 when applicable
 disclosures of estimates
assumptions
 and uncertainties that could affect the financial statements and our future operations.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
carrying amounts reflected in the balance sheets for cash
 accounts payable
 and related-party payables approximate the respective
fair values due to the short maturities of these items. We do not hold any investments that are available-for-sale.

Financial
Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standard Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) Topic 820

Measurements and Disclosures
 defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value under GAAP
 and enhances
disclosures about fair value measurements. ASC 820 describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs
 of which
the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value
 which are the following:



    
Level
    1:
Pricing
    inputs are quoted prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date

    
    
    

    
Level
    2:
Pricing
    inputs are quoted for similar assets or inputs that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full
    term through corroboration with observable market data. Level 2 includes assets or liabilities valued at quoted prices adjusted
    for legal or contractual restrictions specific to these investments.

    
    
    

    
Level
    3:
Pricing
    inputs are unobservable for the assets or liabilities; that is
 the inputs reflect the reporting entity&rsquo;s own assumptions
    about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.


We
do not currently have any financial instruments that we measure at fair value.

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements

Recently
issued accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that require adoption
and that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements upon
adoption.


    
    


ITEM
7a. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

This
item is not applicable as we are currently considered a smaller reporting company.

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Our
consolidated financial statements
 including the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on our consolidated financial
statements
 are included beginning on page F-1 after this report
 which are incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE



ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As
of December 31
 2019
 we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including
our principal executive and principal financial officer (whom we refer to in this periodic report as our Certifying Officer)
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation
 management
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31
 2019
 to provide reasonable assurance
that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
summarized
 and reported within the periods prescribed by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to management
 including our Certifying Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure.

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls

In
designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures
 management recognizes that any controls and procedures
 no matter
how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute assurance of achieving the desired objectives. Also
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 have been detected. These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or
mistake. The design of any system of controls is based
 in part
 upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.


    
    


Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
 as is defined in the Exchange Act. These
internal controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is presented fairly
 that
disclosures are adequate and that the judgments inherent in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable. There are
inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal controls
 including the possibility of human error and overriding
of controls. Consequently
 an effective internal control system can only provide reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance with respect
to reporting financial information.

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that in reasonable
detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP and the receipts and expenditures of company assets are made
and in accordance with our management and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial
statements.

Management
has undertaken an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and
criteria established in the Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;). Based upon this evaluation
 management concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective as of December 31
 2019.

Based
on that evaluation
 management concluded that
 during the period covered by this report
 such internal controls and procedures
were not effective due to the following material weakness identified:



    
    
Lack
    of appropriate segregation of duties


    
    
    

    
    
Lack
    of control procedures that include multiple levels of supervision and review
 

    
    
    

    
    
Lack
    of financial resources to engage adequate external expertise; and

    
    
    

    
    
Overreliance
    upon independent financial reporting consultants for review of critical accounting areas and disclosures and material
 nonstandard
    transactions.


This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only the management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.

Implemented
or Planned Remedial Actions in Response to the Material Weaknesses

We
will continue to strive to correct the above noted weakness in internal control once we have adequate funds to do so. We believe
appointing a director who qualifies as a financial expert will improve the overall performance of our control over our financial
reporting.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


    
    


Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31
 2019
 that materially
affect
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION



PART
III

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Directors
and Executive Officers

The
names of our director and executive officers as of December 31
 2019
 and their ages
 positions
 and biographies are set forth
below. Our executive officers are appointed by
 and serve at the discretion of
 our board of directors.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Iehab
    Hawatmeh
    
    
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer
 
    
July
    2000 to date

    
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Chairman
    
    

Kathryn
    Hollinger*
    
    
    
Director
    Controller
    
August
    2011 to date


Iehab
J. Hawatmeh

Iehab
J. Hawatmeh founded our predecessor company in 1993 and has been our chairman
 president
 and chief executive officer since July
2000
 except for a brief absence during 2017. Mr. Hawatmeh oversees all daily operations
 including our technical and sales functions.
Mr. Hawatmeh is currently functioning in a dual role as chief financial officer. Before his involvement with our company
 Mr.
Hawatmeh was the Processing Engineering Manager for Tandy Corporation
 Salt Lake City
 Utah
 overseeing that company&rsquo;s contract
manufacturing printed circuit board assembly division. In addition
 he was responsible for developing and implementing Tandy&rsquo;s
facility Quality Control and Processing Plan model. Mr. Hawatmeh earned an MBA from University of Phoenix and a BS in Electrical
and Computer Engineering from Brigham Young University.

Kathryn
Hollinger

Kathryn
Hollinger has been with CirTran since 2000 as our controller
 except for a brief period during 2017 in which she also acted as
chief executive officer. She has been involved with the day-to-day accounting and finance functions throughout her term with us.
Ms. Hollinger studied mathematics and accounting at Northridge University (now Cal. State University Northridge) in California.


    
    


Election
of Directors and Officers

Directors
are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified.
Officers are appointed to serve until the meeting of the board of directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders
and until their successors have been elected and qualified.

Committees
of the Board

We
currently do not have nominating
 compensation
 or audit committees or committees performing similar functions and we do not have
a written nominating
 compensation
 or audit committee charter. Our board of directors believes that it is not necessary to have
these committees
 at this time
 because the directors can adequately perform the functions of such committees.

Family
Relationships

There
are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors
 executive officers
 and persons that own more than 10% of a registered class
of our equity securities to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of
changes in ownership of our equity securities. Officers
 directors
 and greater than 10% stockholders are required to furnish
us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.

Based
solely upon a review of Forms 3
 4
 and 5 and amendments thereto filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for the
year ended December 31
 2019
 no person that
 at any time during the most recent fiscal year
 was a director
 officer
 beneficial
owner of more than 10% of any class of our equity securities
 or any other person known to be subject to Section 16 of the Exchange
Act failed to file
 on a timely basis
 reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.

Code
of Ethics

We
expect that all of our directors
 officers
 and employees will maintain a high level of integrity in their dealings with us and
on our behalf and will act in our best interests. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that provides principles
of conduct and ethics for our directors
 officers
 and employees. This Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.cirtran.com
under &ldquo;Investor Relations&mdash;Corporate Governance.&rdquo;


    
    


ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Summary
Compensation Table

The
following table sets forth
 for each of our last two completed fiscal years
 the dollar value of all cash and noncash compensation
earned by any person who was our principal executive officer and each of our three most highly compensated other executive officers
or persons who were serving in such capacities during the preceding fiscal year (&ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;):



Name
    and Principal Position
Year
    Ended Dec. 31
Salary
    ($)
Bonus
    ($)
Stock
    Award(s) ($)
Option
    Awards ($)
Non
    Equity Incentive Plan Compen- sation
Change
    in Pension Value and Non- Qualified Deferred Compen- sation Earnings ($)
All
    Other Compen- sation ($)
Total
    ($)

    
    
    
    
    
    
(g)
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Iehab J.
    Hawatmeh
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
38
603
                                         
39
203

President
 Chief Executive
    Officer
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
38
535
39
135

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
55
000
10
000
    
    
    
    
5
000
70
200

    
    
55
000
10
000
    
    
    
    
5
000
70
200




    
    
Mr.
    Hawatmeh waived his compensation in 2019 and 2018.

    
    
The
    amount is the fair value of the option awards on the date of grant in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
    Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718. See note 2 to our consolidated financial statements.

    
    
Includes
    $12
000 for car allowance for each 2019 and 2018 and $26
603 and $26
535 for medical insurance premiums for 2019 and 2018.

    
    
Ms.
    Hollinger&rsquo;s compensation listed in this table is for her services as our controller. 

    
    
Fees
    accrued as director compensation. 


Employment
Agreements&mdash;Change in Control

We
engage Iehab Hawatmeh
 our president and chief executive officer
 through an employment agreement entered in August 2009 and amended
in September 2017
 with a salary in an amount and commencement date to be determined. In July 2017
 Mr. Hawatmeh resigned all
positions with us to pursue other business activities
 thereby effectively terminating the agreement. However
 in September 2017
we reinstated Mr. Hawatmeh to his previous positions and reinstated his employment agreement. Among other things
 the reinstated
employment agreement: (a) grants options to purchase a minimum of 6
000 shares of our stock each year
 with an exercise price
equal to the market price of our common stock as of the grant date
 for the maximum term allowed under our stock option plan;
(b) provides for health insurance coverage
 cell phone
 car allowance
 life insurance
 and director and officer liability insurance
as well as any other bonus approved by our board; (c) includes additional incentive compensation as follows: (i) a quarterly bonus
equal to 5% of our earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization for the applicable quarter; (ii) bonuses equal
to 1% of the net purchase price of any acquisitions we complete that are directly generated and arranged by Mr. Hawatmeh; and
(iii) an annual bonus (payable quarterly) equal to 1% of our gross sales of all products
 net of returns and allowances. All cash
amounts payable to Mr. Hawatmeh in excess of an aggregate of $120
000 per year are accrued and will not be paid until the secured
convertible debenture is paid or converted to common stock. Mr. Hawatmeh waived his compensation in 2019 and 2018.


    
    


Pursuant
to the employment agreement
 Mr. Hawatmeh&rsquo;s employment may be terminated for cause
 or upon death or disability
 in which
event we are required to pay him any unpaid base salary and unpaid earned bonuses. In the event that Mr. Hawatmeh is terminated
without cause
 we are required to pay to him: (i) within 30 days following such termination
 any benefit
 incentive
 or equity
plan
 program
 or practice paid when such would have been paid to him if employed (the &ldquo;Accrued Obligations&rdquo;); (ii)
within 30 days following such termination (or on the earliest later date as may be required by Internal Revenue Code Section 409A
to the extent applicable)
 a lump sum equal to 30 months&rsquo; annual base salary; (iii) bonuses owing for the two-year period
after the date of termination (net of any bonus amounts paid as Accrued Obligations) based on actual results for the applicable
quarters and fiscal years; and (iv) within 12 months following such termination (or on the earliest later date as may be required
by Internal Revenue Code Section 409A to the extent applicable)
 a lump sum equal to 30 months&rsquo; annual base salary; provided
that if Mr. Hawatmeh is terminated without cause in contemplation of
 or within one year
 after a change in control
 then two
times his annual base salary and bonus payment amounts.

During
the years ended December 31
 2019
 2018
 2017
 2016
 and 2015
 we accrued for 6
000 stock options relating to this employment
agreement. The fair market value of the options issued during the year ended December 31
 2019
 was $600
 using the following
assumptions: estimated five-year term
 estimated volatility of 567%
 and a risk-free rate of 2.31%. The fair market value of the
options issued during the year ended December 31
 2018
 was $600
 using the following assumptions: estimated seven-year term
estimated volatility of 567%
 and a risk-free rate of 2.38%.

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End

The
following table summarizes information regarding unexercised options
 stock that has not vested
 and equity incentive plan awards
owned by the Named Executive Officers as of December 31
 2019:



    
Option
    Awards
Stock
    Awards

    
Number
Options
                                         (#)
Number
Options
                                         (#)
Plan
Number
                                         of
    
    
Number
Shares
Units
Held
Have
                                         Not
Value
Shares
Units
That
                                         Have
Number
Shares
Units
That
                                         Have
Market
or
Value
Shares
Units
That
                                         

Iehab J.
    Hawatmeh
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Director
Compensation

Except
for Iehab Hawatmeh
 who is also our chief executive officer
 we pay our directors $5
000 per year to serve on our board.


    
    


ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The
following table sets forth certain information
 as of May 26
 2020
 respecting the beneficial ownership of our outstanding common
stock by: (i) any holder of more than 5%; (ii) each of the Named Executive Officers (defined as any person who was principal executive
officer during the preceding fiscal year and each other highest compensated executive officers earning more than $100
000 during
the last fiscal year) and directors; and (iii) our directors and Named Executive Officers as a group
 based on 4
500
417 shares
of common stock outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been adjusted to give retroactive effect to a 1000-to-one reverse
split of our common stock effective September 2019:



Name
    of Person or Group
Nature
    of Ownership
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Iehab
    J. Hawatmeh
    
211
554
    

    
    
30
000
    

    
    
241
554
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
211
554
    

    
    
30
000
    

    
    
241
554
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
26
003
    

    
    
10
000
    

    
    
36
003
    

    
    
    
    

All
Directors
                                         as a Group (2 persons):
    
237
557
    

    
    
40
000
    

    
    
277
557
    




    
Less
    than one percent.

    
Address
    for all stockholders is 6360 S Pecos Road
 Suite 8
 Las Vegas
 NV 89120.

    
Includes
    options to purchase up to 30
000 shares that have been accrued for services provided during each of 2015
 2016
 2017
 2018
    and 2019. These options can be exercised any time at an exercise price of $0.10 per share

    
Includes
    options to purchase up to 30
000 shares that have been accrued for services provided during each of 2015
 2016
 2017
 2018
    and 2019. These options can be exercised any time at an exercise price of $0.10 per share


The
persons named in the above table have sole voting and dispositive power respecting all shares beneficially owned
 subject to community
property laws where applicable. Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission
 and generally means that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he or she possesses sole or shared voting
or investment power over that security. Each director
 officer
 or 5% or more stockholder
 as the case may be
 has furnished the
information respecting beneficial ownership.

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC which generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to
persons who possess sole or shared voting power and/or investment power with respect to those securities. Unless otherwise indicated
voting and investment power are exercised solely by the person named above or shared with members of such person&rsquo;s household.
This includes any shares such person has the right to acquire within 60 days.


    
    


Changes
in Control

There
are no arrangements
 known to us
 including any pledge by any person of our securities
 the operation of which may at a subsequent
date result in a change in our control.

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED
TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Information
is set forth below for any transaction during the three years ended December 31
 2019
 to which we were a party and in which any
of our officers and directors or any holder of more than 10% of any class of our stock had or is deemed to have a material interest.

Related-Party
Transactions

In
2007
 we issued a 10% promissory note to a family member of our president in exchange for $300
000. The note was due on demand
after May 2008. There were no repayments made during the periods presented. At December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the principal amount
owing on the note was $151
833 and $151
833
 respectively.

On
March 31
 2008
 we issued to this same family member
 along with two other company shareholders
 promissory notes totaling $315
000
($105
000 each). Under the terms of these three $105
000 notes
 we received total proceeds of $300
000 and agreed to repay the
amount received plus a 5% borrowing fee. The notes were due April 30
 2008
 after which they were due on demand
 with interest
accruing at 12% per annum. We made no payments towards the outstanding notes during the periods presented. The principal balance
owing on the notes as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 totaled $72
466 and $72
466
 respectively
 and are presented in liabilities
from discontinued operations.

During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 we received cash advances from related parties of $203
380. Additionally
 a related party forgave
outstanding payables of $92
000 and related parties paid expenses totaling $241
734 directly to vendors on our behalf. There was
$873
721 and $520
608 of short-term advances due to related parties as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The advances
are due on demand and as such included in current liabilities.

We
have agreed to issue options to Iehab Hawatmeh
 our president
 as compensation for services provided as our chief executive officer.
The terms of this employment agreement require us to grant options to purchase 6
000 shares of our stock each year
 with an exercise
price equal to the fair market price of our common stock as of the grant date. During the year ended December 31
 2019
 we accrued
for 6
000 stock options relating to this employee agreement
 resulting in 30
000 stock options as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
respectively. See Note 6 &ndash; Other Accrued Liabilities and Note 14 &ndash; Stock Options and Warrants.

As
of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 we owed our president a total of $903
740 and $893
000
 respectively
 in unsecured advances. Additionally
30
000 stock options with a fair market value of $3
000 were accrued as of December 31
 2019. The advances and short-term bridge
loans were approved by our board of directors under a 5% borrowing fee. The borrowing fees were waived by our president on these
loans.

Director
Independence

Under
the definition of independent directors found in Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2)
 which is the definition we have chosen to apply
 none
of our directors is independent.


    
    


ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The
firm of Sadler
 Gibb and Associates has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since 2013.

Audit
Fees

For
our fiscal year ended December 31
 2019
 we were billed approximately $33
250 for professional services rendered for the audit
and reviews of our consolidated financial statements. For our fiscal year ended December 31
 2018
 we were billed approximately
$16
000 for professional services rendered for the audit and reviews of our consolidated financial statements.

Audit
Related Fees

For
our fiscal years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 we did not incur any audit-related fees.

Tax
Fees

For
our fiscal years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 we were not billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance
 tax
advice
 and tax planning.

All
Other Fees

We
did not incur any other fees related to services rendered by our principal accountant for the fiscal years ended December 31
2019 and 2018.

Audit
and Non-Audit Service Preapproval Policy

In
accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
 our board
of directors has adopted an informal approval policy that it believes will result in an effective and efficient procedure to preapprove
services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm.

All
of the professional services rendered by principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements that are normally
provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for last two fiscal years were approved
by our board of directors.

Audit
Services

Audit
services include the annual financial statement audit (including quarterly reviews) and other procedures required to be performed
by the independent registered public accounting firm to be able to form an opinion on our consolidated financial statements. The
board of directors preapproves specified annual audit services engagement terms and fees and other specified audit fees. All other
audit services must be specifically preapproved by the board of directors. The board of directors monitors the audit services
engagement and may approve
 if necessary
 any changes in terms
 conditions
 and fees resulting from changes in audit scope or
other items.


    
    


Audit-Related
Services

Audit-related
services are assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated
financial statements
 which historically have been provided to us by the independent registered public accounting firm and are
consistent with the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules on auditor independence. The board of directors preapproves
specified audit-related services within preapproved fee levels. All other audit-related services must be preapproved by the board
of directors.

Tax
Services

The
board of directors preapproves specified tax services that it believes would not impair the independence of the independent registered
public accounting firm and that are consistent with Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules and guidance. The board of
directors must specifically approve all other tax services.

All
Other Services

Other
services are services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm that do not fall within the established audit
audit-related
 and tax services categories. The board of directors preapproves specified other services that do not fall within
any of the specified prohibited categories of services.



All
proposals for services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm
 which must include a detailed description
of the services to be rendered and the amount of corresponding fees
 are submitted to the board of directors and the chief financial
officer. The chief financial officer authorizes services that have been preapproved by the board of directors. The chief financial
officer submits requests or applications to provide services that have not been preapproved by board of directors
 which must
include an affirmation by the chief financial officer and the independent registered public accounting firm that the request or
application is consistent with the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules on auditor independence
 to board of directors
for approval.

PART
IV

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



    
The
    following financial statements are filed as part of this report:




    
    
    

    
Audited
    Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31
 2019 and 2018:
    

    
    
    

    
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
    

    
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
    

    
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the Years Ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
    

    
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
    

    
    
    



    
    




    
The
    following exhibits are filed as part of this report:




    
        
    
    
Title
        of Document
    
    
        

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    3.
    
Articles
    of Incorporation and Bylaws
    
    

    
    
    
    
Incorporated
    by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 17
 2000

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Incorporated
    by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 18
 2011

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Incorporated
    by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 18
 2011

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Incorporated
    by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 8
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    4.
    
Instruments
    Defining the Rights of Security Holders
 Including Debentures
    
    

    
    
    
    
This
    filing. 

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Amended
 Restated
 and Consolidated Secured Convertible Debenture No. TK-1 in the amount of $3
437
798 payable to Tekfine
 LLC
    
Incorporated
    by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed May 11
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Secured Convertible Debenture No. TK-2 in the amount of $200
000 payable to Tekfine
 LLC
    
Incorporated
    by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed May 11
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No. 1 to Secured Convertible Debenture between CirTran Corporation and Tekfine
 LLC
 effective April 20
 2018
    
    

report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30
 2018
 filed August 14
 2018. 


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No. 2 to Secured Convertible Debenture between CirTran Corporation and Tekfine
 LLC
 effective May 12
 2020
    
This
    filing. 




    
    




    
        
    
    
Title
        of Document
    
    
        

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    10.
    
Material
    Contracts
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement with Iehab Hawatmeh dated August 1
 2009
    
Incorporated
    by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31
 2011
 filed April 30
 2012

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Incorporated
    by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed August 26
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Settlement Agreement between CirTran Corporation and Joueboire
 LLC
 dated April 19
 2017
    
Incorporated
    by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed May 11
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Settlement Agreement between CirTran Corporation and YA Global Investments
 LP
 dated April 20
 2017
    
Incorporated
    by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed May 11
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Agreement between Tekfine
 LLC and CirTran Corporation dated April 20
 2017
    
Incorporated
    by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed May 11
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Incorporated
    by reference from the registration statement on Form 10/A filed June 18
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement dated December 30
 2019
    
Incorporated
    by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 27
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Commercial Lease dated November 29
 2019
    
Incorporated
    by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 27
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    21.
    
Schedule
    of Subsidiaries
    
    

    
    
    
    
This
    filing

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    23.
    
Consents
    of Experts and Counsel
    
    

    
    
Consent of Sadler
 Gibb &amp; Associates
 LLC
    
This
    filing



    
    





    
        
    
    
Title
        of Document
    
    
        

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    31.
    
Rule
    13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications
    
    

    
    
    
    
This
    filing

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    32
    
Section
    1350 Certifications
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
    
This
    filing

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    101***
    
Interactive
    Data File
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document
    
This
    filing

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema 
    
This
    filing

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
    
This
    filing

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
    
This
    filing

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
    
This
    filing








    
All
    exhibits are numbered with the number preceding the decimal indicating the applicable SEC reference number in Item 601 and
    the number following the decimal indicating the sequence of the particular document. Omitted numbers in the sequence refer
    to documents previously filed with the SEC as exhibits to previous filings
 but no longer required. 

    
Identifies
    each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed. 

    
Users
    of this data are advised that
 pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T
 these interactive data files are deemed not filed
    or part of a registration statement or Annual Report for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section
    18 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability.



    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
CIRTRAN
    CORPORATION

    
    
    

Date:
    May 29
 2020
    
/s/
    Iehab Hawatmeh

    
    
Iehab
    Hawatmeh
 President

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Executive

    
    
Officer
    Principal Financial Officer)


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



Date:
    May 29
 2020
/s/
    Iehab Hawatmeh

    
Iehab
    Hawatmeh
 Director
 President

    
Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Executive

    
Officer
    Principal Financial Officer)

    
    

Date:
    May 29
 2020
/s/
    Kathryn Hollinger

    
Kathryn
    Hollinger
 Director




    
    


CIRTRAN
CORPORATION
Financial
Statements
December
31
 2019 and 2018 (Revised)

TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    

Audited Financial
    Statements for the Years Ended December 31
 2019 and 2018 (Revised):
    

Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    

Consolidated Balance
    Sheets as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
    

Consolidated Statements
    of Operations for the Years Ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
    

Consolidated Statements
    of Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the Years Ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
    

Consolidated Statements
    of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
    

Notes to the Consolidated
    Financial Statements
    




    
    






REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CirTran Corporation:

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CirTran Corporation (&ldquo;the Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
2019 and 2018 (revised)
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; deficit (revised)
 and cash flows
for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2019 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial
statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial
position of the Company as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2019
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.

Explanatory
Paragraph Regarding Going Concern

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 3 to the financial statements
 the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency
that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.



/s/
    Sadler
 Gibb &amp; Associates
 LLC
    




We have served as the Company&rsquo;s
    auditor since 2013.
    




Salt Lake City
 UT
    



May 29
 2020
    





    
    



CIRTRAN
CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
18
814
    

    
1
210
    

Assets
    from discontinued operations
    
    

Total
    current assets
20
024
    

    
    
    

Investment in securities
    at cost
300
000
300
000

Property
    and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation
9
772
12
065

    
    
    

Total
    assets
329
796
312
401

    
    
    

LIABILITIES AND
    STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
611
    

    
2
121
401
2
115
177

    
13
740
3
000

Short-term advances
    payable
163
994
169
594

Short-term advances
    payable - related parties
738
655
748
633

    
1
077
999
804
465

Accrued payroll
    and compensation expense
3
757
636
3
713
666

Accrued interest
    current portion
2
405
946
2
024
728

Convertible debenture
    current portion
 net of discounts
248
874
200
000

Note payable
 current
    portion
90
000
90
000

Note payable to
    stockholders and members
151
833
151
833

    
894
079
    

Liabilities
    from discontinued operations
26
348
853
26
156
359

Total
    current liabilities
38
014
621
36
177
455

    
    
    

Accrued interest
    net of current portion
1
371
098
1
251
570

Note payable
 net
    of current portion
500
000
500
000

Convertible
    debenture
 net of current portion
 net of discount
1
678
768
2
390
528

Total
    liabilities
41
564
487
40
319
553

    
    
    

Commitments and
    contingencies
    
    

    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    deficit
    
    

Common stock
 par
    value $0.001; 100
000
000 shares authorized; 4
500
417 and 4
500
417 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019 and
    2018
 respectively
4
500
4
500

Additional paid-in
    capital
37
222
615
37
222
615

Accumulated
    deficit
(78
461
806
(77
234
267

Total
    stockholders&rsquo; deficit
(41
234
691
(40
007
152

    
    
    

Total
    liabilities and stockholders&rsquo; deficit
329
796
312
401


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



    
    


CIRTRAN
CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS



    
Year Ended December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Gross
    profit
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Selling
    general and administrative expenses
406
558
447
389

Total
    operating expenses
406
558
447
389

    
    
    

    
(406
558
(447
389

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(592
756
(498
777

    
    
    

Loss on derivative
    valuation
(80
640
    

Gain
    on settlement of debt
    
    

Total
    other income (expense)
(672
415
(498
777

    
    
    

Loss from continuing
    operations
(1
078
973
(946
166

    
    
    

Loss
    from discontinued operations
(148
566
(165
055

    
    
    

Net
    loss
(1
227
539
(1
111
221

    
    
    

Loss
    from continuing operations per common share
 basic and diluted
    
    

Net
    loss from discontinued operations per common share
 basic and diluted
    
    

Loss
    per common share
 basic and diluted
    
    

Basic
    and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding
4
500
417
4
500
417


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    



CIRTRAN
CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2019 AND 2018 (REVISED)



    
Common
    Stock

    Paid-in
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
    2017
4
499
390
4
397
37
130
718
(76
123
046
(38
987
931

    
1
027
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
92
000
    
92
000

Net loss
 year ended December 31
    2018
    
    
    
(1
111
221
(1
111
221

Balance
 December 31
 2018
4
500
417
4
500
37
222
615
(77
234
267
(40
007
152

Net loss
 year ended December 31
    2019
    
    
    
(1
227
539
(1
227
539

Balance
 December 31
 2019
4
500
417
4
500
37
222
615
(78
461
806
(41
234
691


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    



CIRTRAN
CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS



    
Year Ended December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

Cash flows from operating
    activities
    
    

Net
    loss from continuing operations
(1
078
973
(946
166

Adjustments to reconcile
    net loss to net cash used in operating activities
    
    

    
2
293
2
292

Gain on fair value
    measurement of derivative liability
80
640
    

    
34
215
    

Interest expense
    recorded on initial measurement of derivative liability
56
338
    

Expenses paid for
    company by a related party
(77
180
241
734

    
    
    

    
(18
814
    

    
(1
210
    

    
6
224
(102
153

    
10
740
(5
548

    
273
534
75
081

Accrued payroll
    and compensation
43
970
36
682

    
500
746
494
254

Deferred
    revenue
    
    

Net cash used in
    continuing operating activities
(167
477
(204
115

Net cash provided
    by (used in) discontinued operations
44
050
(4
875

Net
    cash used in operating activities
(123
427
(208
990

    
    
    

Cash flows from financing
    activities
    
    

Proceeds from bank
    overdraft
1
611
    

Proceeds from convertible
    loans payable
60
000
    

Proceeds from related-party
    loans
84
987
203
380

Repayments of related-party
    loans
(17
785
    

Proceeds from loans
    payable
15
400
    

Repayments
    of loans payable
(21
000
    

Net cash provided
    by continuing financing activities
123
213
203
380

Cash used in discontinued
    financing activities
    
    

Net
    cash provided by financing activities
123
213
203
380

    
    
    

    
    
(5
610

Cash
 beginning
    of period
    
5
824

Cash
 end of
    period
    
    

    
    
    

Supplemental disclosure
    of cash flow information
    
    

Cash
    paid for interest
    
    

Cash
    paid for income taxes
    
    

    
    
    

Supplemental disclosure
    of non-cash investing activities
    
    

Initial
    measurement of derivative liability
813
439
    

Forgiveness
    of related-party loan
    
92
000

Correction
    of common shares outstanding
    
1
027


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


CIRTRAN
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2019 AND 2018 (Revised)

NOTE
1 - ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS

We
offer diversified expertise in manufacturing
 marketing
 distribution
 and technology services in a wide variety of consumer products
including tobacco products
 medical devices
 and beverages. We have an innovative and consumer-focused approach to brand portfolio
management
 resting on a strong understanding of consumers domestically
 and we have established a footprint in more than 50 key
international markets.

We
devoted most of 2019 to exploring a number of potential product opportunities. In late 2019
 we entered into a new
 five-year
manufacturing and distribution agreement with an unrelated party to manufacture
 distribute
 and sell condoms
 electronic tobacco
products
 cigars
 energy drinks
 water beverages
 and related merchandise
 all using the HUSTLER&reg; brand name.

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Principles
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2019
 include the accounts of CirTran Corporation
and our wholly owned subsidiaries: CirTran Products Corp.
 LBC Products
 Inc.
 and CirTran - Asia
 Inc. All intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated. The results of CirTran Beverage Corp.
 CirTran Online Corp.
 CirTran Media Corp.
 and Racore
Network have been included through the dates of each dissolution during the three months ended March 31
 2019
 and the liabilities
have been included in the balance sheet as of March 31
 2020 and December 31
 2019.

The
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2018
 include the accounts of CirTran Corporation
and our wholly owned subsidiaries: CirTran Products Corp.
 CirTran Corporation (Utah)
 CirTran Beverage Corp.
 CirTran Online
Corp.
 CirTran Media Corp.
 Racore Network
 and CirTran - Asia
 Inc. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.

Use
of Estimates

In
preparing the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reported periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Revenue
Recognition

We
follow Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 606

from Contracts with Customers
 for revenue recognition. Adoption of ASC 606 did not have a significant impact on our financial
statements. We recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those products or services. Revenue is recognized net of allowances
for returns and any taxes collected from customers
 which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. We did not recognize
revenue during the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

We
consider all highly liquid
 short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. We
did not hold any cash equivalents as of December 31
 2019 or 2018.

Investment
in Securities

Our
cost-method investment consists of an investment in a private digital multi-media technology company that totaled $300
000 at
December 31
 2019 and 2018. As we owned less than 20% of that company&rsquo;s stock as of each date
 and no significant influence
or control exists
 the investment is accounted for using the cost method. We evaluated the investment for impairment and determined
there was none during the periods presented.


    
    



Property
and Equipment

We
incur certain costs associated with the design and development of molds and dies for our contract-manufacturing segment. These
costs are held as deposits on the balance sheet until the molds or dies are finished and ready for use. At that point
 the costs
are included as part of production equipment in property and equipment and are amortized over their useful lives. We hold title
to all molds and dies used in the manufacture of products. The capitalized cost
 net of accumulated depreciation
 associated with
molds and dies included in property and equipment at December 31
 2019 and 2018
 was $9
772 and $12
065
 respectively.

Depreciation
expense is recognized in amounts equal to the cost of depreciable assets over estimated service lives. Leasehold improvements
are amortized over the shorter of the life of the lease or the service life of the improvements. The straight-line method of depreciation
and amortization is followed for financial reporting purposes. Maintenance
 repairs
 and renewals that neither materially add
to the value of the property nor appreciably prolong its life are charged to expense as incurred. Gains or losses on dispositions
of property and equipment are included in operating results.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets

We
review our long-lived assets
 including intangibles
 for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. At each balance sheet date
 we evaluate whether events and circumstances have
occurred that indicate possible impairment. We use an estimate of future undiscounted net cash flows from the related asset or
group of assets over their remaining life in measuring whether the assets are recoverable. We did not record expenses for the
impairment of long-lived assets during the year ended December 31
 2019 or 2018.

Financial
Instruments with Derivative Features

We
do not hold or issue derivative instruments for trading purposes. However
 we have financial instruments that are considered derivatives
or contain embedded features subject to derivative accounting. Embedded derivatives are valued separately from the host instrument
and are recognized as derivative liabilities in our balance sheet. We measure these instruments at their estimated fair value
and recognize changes in their estimated fair value in results of operations during the period of change. We have estimated the
fair value of these embedded derivatives using a Multi-NomialLattis model. The fair values of the derivative instruments are measured
each reporting period.

During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 our common stock was suspended from trading. Because of this
 the convertible notes no longer
met the criteria to bifurcate the instrument under FASB ASC 815
. Accordingly
 we determined the
underlying common stock of the instruments being accounted for as derivative liabilities had no value. As a result
 the fair value
of the derivative liabilities
 as of the date our common stock was no longer available to trade
 was written off to additional
paid-in capital in accordance with ASC 815-15-35-4. During the year ended December 31
 2018
 we became current with our filing
requirements with the SEC
 and FINRA approved our common stock to continue trading during the year ended December 31
 2019. Accordingly
we recorded derivative liabilities as of the date our stock resumed trading
 or September 13
 2019
 and revalued the liability
as of December 31
 2019.



Inventories
are stated at the lower of average cost or market value. Cost on manufactured inventories includes labor
 material
 and overhead.
Overhead cost is based on indirect costs allocated to cost of sales
 work-in-process inventory
 and finished goods inventory.
Indirect overhead costs have been charged to cost of sales or capitalized as inventory
 based on management&rsquo;s estimate of
the benefit of indirect manufacturing costs to the manufacturing process.

When
there is evidence that the inventory&rsquo;s value is less than original cost
 the inventory is reduced to market value. We determine
market value on current resale amounts and whether technological obsolescence exists. We will seek agreements with manufacturing
customers that require them to purchase their inventory items in the event they cancel their business with us.


    
    



Stock-Based
Compensation

We
have outstanding stock options to directors and employees
Stock
Options and Warrants
 
which requires the recognition of the cost of employee services received in exchanged for an award of equity instruments in the
financial statements and is measured based on the grant date fair value of the award. ASC 718-10 also requires the stock option
compensation expense to be recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for
the award (typically the vesting period).

Stock-based
employee compensation was $800 and $480 for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.

Income
Taxes

We
use the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined
based on differences between financial reporting and the tax basis of assets
 liabilities
 the carryforward of operating losses
and tax credits
 and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected
to reverse. An allowance against deferred tax assets is recorded when it is more likely than not that such tax benefits will not
be realized. Research tax credits are recognized as used.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
carrying amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for cash
 notes payable
 and accounts payable
approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturities of these financial instruments. The carrying amounts
of our debt obligations approximate fair value.

ASC
820-10-15
 
 defines fair value
 thereby eliminating inconsistencies
in guidance found in various prior accounting pronouncements
 and increases disclosures surrounding fair value calculations. ASC
820-10-15 establishes a three-tiered fair value hierarchy that prioritizes inputs to valuation techniques used in fair value calculations.
The three levels of inputs are defined as follows:



    
Level 1&mdash;Level
    1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.




    
Level 2&mdash;Level
    2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or
    liability
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or
    liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations
    in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from
 or corroborated by
 observable market data.




    
Level 3&mdash;Level
    3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant
    to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities.




Accounts payable
    and related-party payables have fair values that approximate the carrying value due to the short-term nature of these instruments.
    Derivative liabilities have been valued using level 3 inputs.


Our
financial assets and liabilities carried at fair valued measured on a recurring basis as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 consisted
of the following:



    
at December 31
 
(Level
    1)
inputs
    (Level 2)
inputs (Level
    3)

    
894
079
    
    
894
079







    
    
    at December 31

    2018
 (Level
    1)
    
    inputs (Level 2)
inputs (Level
    3)

    
    
    
    
    


Loss
Per Share

Basic
loss per share (EPS) is calculated by dividing net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common
shares outstanding during each period. Diluted EPS is similarly calculated
 except that the weighted-average number of common
shares outstanding would include common shares that may be issued subject to existing rights with dilutive potential when applicable.
We had 569
029
796 potentially issuable common shares at December 31
 2019. However
 the impacts of the potentially issuable common
shares were excluded from the diluted loss per common shares outstanding given the anti-dilutive effect such shares have on net
losses per common share.

Short-term
Advances

We
have short-term advances with various individuals. These advances are due upon demand
 carry no interest
 and are not collateralized.
These advances are classified as short-term liabilities.


    
    



Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements

Recently
issued accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that require adoption
and that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements upon
adoption.

NOTE
3 - GOING CONCERN AND REALIZATION OF ASSETS

In
October 2016
 we lost our ability to continue energy drink distribution
 our principal source of revenue
 after receiving an unfavorable
ruling in our suit against Playboy Enterprises
 Inc.

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America
 which contemplate our continuation as a going concern. We had a working capital deficiency of
$37
994
597 and $36
177
119 as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 and a net loss from continuing operations of $1
078
973
and $946
166 during the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. As of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 we had an accumulated
deficit of $78
461
806 and $77
234
267
 respectively. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern.

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to successfully accomplish our business plan described in
the following paragraphs and eventually attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
adjustments that may be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern.

In
the coming year
 our foreseeable cash requirements will relate to development of business operations and associated expenses.
We may experience a cash shortfall and be required to raise additional capital.

Historically
we have mostly relied upon shareholder loans and advances to finance operations and growth. Management may raise additional capital
by retaining net earnings
 if any
 or through future public or private offerings of our stock or loans from private investors
although we cannot assure that we will be able to obtain such financing. Our failure to do so could have a material and adverse
effect upon us and our shareholders.

NOTE
4 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property
and equipment and estimated service lives consist of the following:



    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    

    
177
900
177
900
    

    
997
714
997
714
    

    
2
886
267
2
886
267
    

    
53
209
53
209
    

    
4
115
090
4
115
090
    

    
(4
105
025
(4
103
025
    

Property and equipment
 net
9
772
12
065
    


There
was $2
293 and $2
292 of depreciation expense recorded during the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.

NOTE
5 - RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Transactions
involving Officers
 Directors
 and Stockholders

In
2007
 we issued a 10% promissory note to a family member of our president in exchange for $300
000. The note was due on demand
after May 2008. There were no repayments made during the periods presented. At December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the principal amount
owing on the note was $151
833 and $151
833
 respectively.


    
    



On
March 31
 2008
 we issued to this same family member
 along with two other company shareholders
 promissory notes totaling $315
000
($105
000 each). Under the terms of these three $105
000 notes
 we received total proceeds of $300
000 and agreed to repay the
amount received plus a 5% borrowing fee. The notes were due April 30
 2008
 after which they were due on demand
 with interest
accruing at 12% per annum. We made no payments towards the outstanding notes during the periods presented. The principal balance
owing on the notes as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 totaled $72
466 and $72
466
 respectively
 and are presented in liabilities
from discontinued operations.

During
the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 we received cash advances from related parties of $84
987 and $203
380
 respectively.
Additionally
 related parties paid expenses on our behalf totaling $(77
180) and $241
734 during the years ended December 31
2019 and 2018
 respectively. The advances are non-interest-bearing
 due on demand
 and are included in current liabilities. Total
advances from related parties were:



    
December
    31


    
    
    

    
106
018
13
758

    
632
637
734
875

    
738
655
748
633


We
have agreed to issue options to Iehab Hawatmeh
 our president
 as compensation for services provided as our chief executive officer.
The terms of this employment agreement require us to grant options to purchase 6
000 shares of our stock each year
 with an exercise
price equal to the fair market price of our common stock as of the grant date. During the year ended December 31
 2019
 we accrued
for 6
000 stock options relating to this employee agreement
 resulting in 30
000 stock options as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
respectively. See 

As
of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 we owe our president a total of $903
740 and $893
000
 respectively
 in unsecured advances. Additionally
30
000 stock options with a fair market value of $3
000 were owed as of December 31
 2019 and 2018. The advances and short-term
bridge loans were approved by our board of directors under a 5% borrowing fee. The borrowing fees were waived by our president
on these loans.

NOTE
6 - OTHER ACCRUED LIABILITIES

Accrued
tax liabilities consist of delinquent payroll taxes
 interest
 and penalties owed by us to the Internal Revenue Service (&ldquo;IRS&rdquo;)
and other tax entities.

Accrued
liabilities consist of the following:



    
December
    31


    
    
    

    
806
331
758
827

    
271
668
45
638

    
1
077
999
804
465


Other
accrued liabilities as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 include a non-interest-bearing payable totaling $45
000 that is due on demand.
Additionally
 customer deposits totaling $226
030 were included in other accrued liabilities as of December 31
 2019.

Accrued
payroll and compensation liabilities consist of the following:



    
December
31
 2019
December
    31
 2018

    
    
    

    
4
000
4
000

    
135
000
135
000

    
121
858
121
858

    
2
148
2
148

Administrative
    payroll
3
494
630
3
450
660

    
3
757
636
3
713
666



    
    



Stock
option expenses consist of accrued employee stock option expenses. Options granted during the years ended December 31
 2018 and
2019
 were issued during the year ended December 31
 for further
discussion).

There
were 8
000 stock options accrued during the year ended December 31
 2019. During the year ended December 31
 2019
 we accrued
for 6
000 stock options relating to the employment agreement with Mr. Hawatmeh. The fair market value of the options was $600
using the following assumptions: estimated five-year term
 estimated volatility of 567% and a risk-free rate of 2.31%.

NOTE
7 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Litigation
and Claims

Various
vendors
 service providers
 and others have asserted legal claims in previous years. These creditors generally are not actively
seeking collection of amounts due them
 and we have determined that the probability of realizing any loss on these claims is remote
and will seek to compromise and settle at a deep discount any of such claims that are asserted for collection. These amounts are
included in our current liabilities. We have not accrued any liability for claims or judgments that we have determined to be barred
by the applicable statute of limitations
 which generally is eight years for judgments in Utah.

Playboy
Enterprises
 Inc.

Our
affiliate
 Play Beverages
 LLC
 filed suit against Playboy Enterprises
 Inc.
 in Cook County
 Illinois
 Circuit Court in October
2012 asserting numerous claims
 including breach of contract and tortious interference. Playboy responded with a counterclaim
of breach of contract and trademark infringement. After proceedings in October 2016
 the court awarded a judgment to Playboy of
$6.6 million against Play Beverages and CirTran Beverage Corp.
 our subsidiary. The court denied our motion for a new trial and
awarded Playboy treble patent infringement damages and attorney&rsquo;s fees. We filed a notice of appeal in July 2017 and again
in March 2018. Playboy has initiated collection efforts but has recovered no funds. In September 2018
 the appellate court affirmed
the judgment of the circuit court. We have accrued $17
205
599 as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 related to this judgment
 which
is included in liabilities in discontinued operations.

Delinquent
Payroll Taxes
 Interest
 and Penalties

In
November 2004
 the IRS accepted our amended offer in compromise (the &ldquo;Offer&rdquo;) to settle delinquent payroll taxes
interest
 and penalties
 which requires us to pay $500
000
 remain current in our payment of taxes for five years
 and forego
claiming any net operating losses for the years 2001 through 2015 or until we pay taxes on future profits in an amount equal to
the taxes of $1
455
767 waived by the Offer. In June 2013
 we entered into a partial installment agreement to pay $768
526 in
unpaid 2009 payroll taxes
 which requires us to pay the IRS 5% of cash deposits. The monthly payments are to continue until the
account balances are paid in full or until the collection statute of limitation expires on October 6
 2020. There was $1
048
756
and $986
861 due as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.

Employment
Agreements

We
engage Iehab Hawatmeh
 our president and chief executive officer
 through an employment agreement entered in August 2009 and amended
in September 2017. In July 2017
 Mr. Hawatmeh had resigned all positions with us to pursue other business activities
 thereby
effectively terminating the agreement. However
 the amendment to his employment agreement in September 2017 reinstated Mr. Hawatmeh
to his previous positions
 with a salary in an amount to be determined. Among other things
 the reinstated employment agreement:
(a) grants options to purchase a minimum of 6
000 shares of our stock each year
 with an exercise price equal to the market price
of our common stock as of the grant date
 for the maximum term allowed under our stock option plan; (b) provides for health insurance
coverage
 cell phone
 car allowance
 life insurance
 and director and officer liability insurance
 as well as any other bonus
approved by our board; and (c) includes additional incentive compensation as follows: (i) a quarterly bonus equal to 5% of our
earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization for the applicable quarter; (ii) bonuses equal to 1% of the net
purchase price of any acquisitions we complete that are directly generated and arranged by Mr. Hawatmeh; and (iii) an annual bonus
(payable quarterly) equal to 1% of our gross sales of all products
 net of returns and allowances.

In
addition to the employment agreement above
 we have verbal contracts with our employees that require payment of noncash compensation
in a fixed number of shares. During the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 we granted options to purchase 8
000 and 8
000
shares of common stock
 respectively
 to two employees. We recorded expenses totaling $800 and $480 during the years ended December
31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
 for employee options relating to the employment contracts of these employees.


    
    



NOTE
8 - NOTES PAYABLE

Notes
payable consisted of the following:



    
December
    31


    
    
    

Note payable to former
    service provider for past due account payable (current)
90
000
90
000

Note payable for settlement of debt
    (long term)
500
000
500
000

    
590
000
590
000


There
was $157
535 and $110
035 of accrued interest due on these note as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.

NOTE
9 - CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES

We
have entered into various convertible debentures that encumber all of our assets. Convertible debentures consisted of the following:



    
December
    31

    
    
    

Convertible debenture
 5%
    stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on November 12
 2020
200
000
200
000

Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest
    rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on June 3
 2020
25
000
    

Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest
    rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on August 8
 2020
25
000
    

Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest
    rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on December 23
 2020
10
000
    

Convertible debenture
    5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on April 30
 2027
2
390
528
2
390
528

    
2
650
528
2
590
528

    
(722
886
    

    
1
927
642
2
590
528

Less: current
    portion
(248
874
(200
000

    
1
678
768
2
390
528


The
convertible debentures and accrued interest are convertible into shares of our common stock at the lower of $100 or the lowest
bid price for the 20 trading days prior to conversion.

As
of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 we had accrued interest on the convertible debentures totaling $1
399
295 and $1
268
556
 respectively
of which $28
199 and $16
986 was current and $1
371
098 and $1
251
570 was long term
 respectively. As of December 31
 2019 and
2018
 the debentures were convertible into 568
989
796 and an undeterminable number of shares of our common stock.

NOTE
10 &ndash; DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES

As
discussed in 
 we have entered into five separate agreements to borrow a total of $2
650
528
with the outstanding principal and interest being convertible at the holder&rsquo;s option into common stock of the company at
the lesser of $100 (notes one through four) or $0.10 (note 5 due December 23
 2020) or the lowest closing bid price in the prior
20 trading days. Embedded derivatives are valued separately from the host instrument and are recognized as derivative liabilities
in our balance sheet. We measure these instruments at their estimated fair value and recognize changes in their estimated fair
value in results of operations during the period of change. We have estimated the fair value of these embedded derivatives for
convertible debentures and associated warrants using a Monte Carlo simulation model as of December 31
 2019
 using the following
assumptions:



    
91.9%
                                         - 100.9%

    
1.55%
                                         - 1.80%

    
$0.0100
                                         &ndash; $0.0101

    
0.542
                                         - 7.33 years


The
fair values of the derivative instruments are measured each quarter
 which resulted in a loss of $80
640 during the year ended
December 31
 2019. As of December 31
 2019
 and December 31
 2018
 the fair market value of the derivatives aggregated $894
079
and $0
 respectively.


    
    



NOTE
11 - LEASES

We
sublease from an unaffiliated party at $5
000 per month on a month to month basis for the use of office space and utilities. Due
to the short-term nature of the lease
 we have not recorded a right of use asset or related payable. We recorded rent expense
of $21
000 and $42
000 for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.

NOTE
12 - INCOME TAXES

We
did not provide any current or deferred U.S. federal income tax provision or benefit for any of the periods presented because
we have experienced operating losses since inception. When it is more likely than not that a tax asset cannot be realized through
future income
 the company must allow for this future tax benefit. We provided a full valuation allowance on the net deferred
tax asset
 consisting of net operating loss carryforwards
 because management has determined that it is more likely than not that
we will not earn income sufficient to realize the deferred tax assets during the carryforward period.

We
have not taken a tax position that
 if challenged
 would have a material effect on the financial statements for the years ended
December 31
 2019 and 2018
 applicable under FASB ASC 740
. We did not recognize any adjustment to the liability
for an uncertain tax position and
 therefore
 did not record any adjustment to the beginning balance of accumulated deficit on
the balance sheet. All of our tax returns remain open.


of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 we had net operating loss carryforwards for tax reporting purposes of approximately $19.1
million and $26.7 million
 respectively. These net operating loss carryforwards
 if unused
 begin to expire in 2020. During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 we dissolved four subsidiaries that had total net operating loss carryforwards of approximately
$8.9 million
 which were forfeited upon dissolution
 reducing our deferred tax asset by approximately $1.9 million. In addition
the realization of tax benefits relating to net operating loss carryforwards is limited due to the settlement related to amounts
previously due to the IRS
 as discussed in 

The
provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before
provision for income taxes. The sources and tax effects of the differences for the periods presented are as follows:



Income tax provision at
    the federal statutory rate
    

    
    

    
    


Net
deferred tax assets consisted of the following:



    
December
    31
 2019
December
    31
 2018

    
4
005
545

5
630
037


    
(4
005
545
(5
630
037

    
    
    


A
reconciliation of income taxes computed at the statutory rate is as follows:



    
December
    31
 2019
December
    31
 2018

Computed federal income
    tax benefit (expense) at statutory rate of 21% and 21%
(245
508
(222
244

    
    
    

    
8
794
7
336

    
    
    

    
    
    

Change in valuation
    allowance
236
095
214
394

    
    
    


NOTE
13 - STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT

We
are authorized to issue up to 100
000
000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock. No shares were issued during the periods presented.
We had a total of 4
500
417 common shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2019 and 2018.

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 we effected a 1:1000 reverse stock split. The impacts of the reverse stock split have been retroactively
stated.


    
    



NOTE
14 - STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS

Stock
Incentive Plans

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 we granted options to purchase 8
000 shares of common stock
 less forfeitures of options to
purchase 8
000 shares of common stock from a previous year
 relating to the employment of our president and one of our employees.
The fair market value of the accrued stock options aggregated $800
 using the following assumptions: seven-year term
 volatility
of 567%
 a risk-free rate of 2.31%
 and exercise price of $0.0001.

During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 we granted options to purchase 8
000 shares of common stock
 less forfeitures of options to
purchase 8
000 shares of common stock from a previous year
 relating to the employment of our president and one of our employees.
The fair market value of the accrued stock options aggregated $800
 using the following assumptions: seven-year term
 volatility
of 567%
 a risk-free rate of 2.38%
 and exercise price of $0.0001.

As
of December 31
 2019
 we had no unrecognized compensation costs related to outstanding options that have not yet vested at year-end
 for a description of amounts
of option expenses included in accrued payroll and compensation expense.

NOTE
15 - DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

At
October 21
 2016
 we exited the beverage licensing and distribution business. The assets and liabilities associated with this
business are displayed as assets and liabilities from discontinued operations as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 as a result. Additionally
the revenues and costs associated with this business are displayed as losses from discontinued operations for the years ended
December 31
 2019 and 2018.

Total
assets and liabilities included in discontinued operations were as follows:



    
December
    31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Total
    assets from discontinued operations
    
    

    
    
    

Liabilities from
    Discontinued Operations:
    
    

    
19
690
378
19
869
559

    
704
917
704
917

    
1
022
342
868
874

Accrued payroll
    and compensation expense
131
108
117
901

Current maturities
    of long-term debt
444
085
239
085

    
1
776
250
1
776
250

Short-term
    advances payable
2
579
773
2
579
773

Total
    liabilities from discontinued operations
26
348
853
26
156
359




    
    


Net
losses from discontinued operations were comprised of the following components:



    
Year
    Ended December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Selling
    general and administrative expenses
13
193
11
590

    
13
193
11
590

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(153
465
(153
465

Other
    income
18
095
    

Total other income
    (expense)
(135
373
153
465

    
    
    

Net loss from
    discontinued operations
(148
566
(165
055


NOTE
16 - REVISION TO PRIOR YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 we identified an error in the presentation and accounting for option-based liabilities in prior
years
 dating to the year ended December 31
 2008. We have performed an analysis and determined it appropriate to correct the
error on a cumulative basis as of December 31
 2017
 resulting in a decrease in accrued liabilities and retained earnings of $476
253
as of December 31
 2017. The impacts on accrued liabilities and retained earnings were also $476
253 as of and for the year ended
December 31
 2018. The balance sheet and statement of stockholders&rsquo; deficit for the year then ended has been revised to
correct the error.



    
Originally
    Reported
    
    

    
312
401
    
312
401

    
4
189
919
(476
253
3
713
666

    
36
653
708
(476
253
36
177
455

    
40
795
806
(476
253
40
319
553

    
(77
710
520
476
253
(77
234
267

    
(40
483
405
476
253
(40
007
152

    
    
    
    

    
(946
166
    
(946
166

    
(165
055
    
(165
055

    
(1
111
221
    
(1
111
221


NOTE
17 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

We
have evaluated all events occurring subsequent to the financial statements and determined there are no additional items to disclose.

However
on March 11
 2020
 the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a global pandemic. We are monitoring the situation
closely and our response to the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve. We have taken measures to mitigate the impact on our business
operations and overall financial performance
 which continue to evolve. We are also constantly evaluating and responding to the
impact of the pandemic on our supply chain as compared to product demand. In addition
 we actively monitor COVID-19-related developments
and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal
 state
 or local authorities or
that we determine are in the best interests of our employees
 customers
 vendors
 and stockholders. The effects of these operational
modifications will be reflected in current and future reporting periods.


March 30
 2020
 we filed a Current Report on Form 8-K to indicate our reliance on the Order of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (Release No. 34-88465) in connection with filing our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019
as a result of the circumstances set forth below. Specifically
 our executive team and contract outside accountant that live in
Salt Lake City
 Utah
 were dislocated and delayed as they began working remotely in a &ldquo;shelter-at-home&rdquo; environment
in response to the COVID-19 pandemic that precluded face-to-face meetings. The difficulty of operating in the COVID-19 &ldquo;shelter-at-home&rdquo;
environment was then exacerbated by a 5.7 Richter scale earthquake and persistent ongoing aftershocks in the Salt Lake Valley.



    











begin 644 image_002.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !Y 10# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** J.F7LEY]L\Q4'DW+PKM'4#&,^_-7JR-!_YB?_7_ _TH UZ***
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *


/?'<?AN V-B5DU21<C(R(5/\1]3Z#\3[^-6

M3JZ^O^:1[]11170?/A1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110!YA\9KETTW2K4'Y)9GD(]2H '_ *$:I_!K3X7EU/4'4&6
)%&3


ME[

%[XO^



=



/\

MTWQE=7O@[\1/:PK/!OQ$=IVD?CWJE;^

9/
9[:?YU3N




MS



&HV
M


L=8UFXN3*QN)P$*)D%%! I@=
M3H%S]K\
F'S_B'K

M7BAE0LY)


JY9)






MIRW3L%9&@_\ 





0Q#
MGC(QQTH SM/L[BQ\9ZMB3[)=159 IVEN.
]


MR6D#2

YX-.*YG








M^*=


DC9Y*^:Q!_+%9-E87-GI

M?;)_*J]_8RV@GALK.69+JU: 
K [')8[G+'.#O)SSTKH** .1_LF[^TZCY5B
MZ22&8FX+#$J


H_P!DF4H?_'O_ !ZJ







;V@7/\L?I7



MBBB@04444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 5G:3:S6OV[SEV^;=R2IR#E3C!K1HH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
K BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#_V0$!
end







begin 644 image_004.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !( FT# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBH;J[M
M[*'S;F58H\XW






MYMNQMG8*TP8?*3G'R]2./UH OT5BQZ])

M5TFU)K3R75=S(DI(PSJ 6&.O?K[&@#1HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


M)VNYZYP.RK^9K7HH YXZ3=R6[0VMH$EN%E&Q^+8+M^X-O).TGMR:MWU75
M8[BYM;9HA8PHF)V$D[C@KSD!1^=:]% '

(/

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

-/N+821C=J
MFC^8_+!M].NTMQ2GP=

0Y*J))(QM1R2 K$$X/'TY%9NG:+J
M.G:



D=







C9@2!P





=*9;Z







%DCE3#

6\JY8N
M560
*.XMXU\A4:=EVQARR'@?-@'!!]![T :<
MMW<2:J]OT:0V\2RS
R%F8L3A1R


13P1@O$6


1I&W$3RJ#[!V

M_D:P5\*LGAN_M4CMQJ-T7W39.#(64$XXXQP.] &D/$MB;F*W\NX#R*I^:+&
MUF!94;T8@$@4T^)[#R5D19YR1

'Y3G/K52V\

Q<PO;Q0#
BD[C*22W']WGCO49M=0%W=WB6ML))HUA



72/9MQCH2




M@JW;^ZQJ6X\/R

3+


M5]3EL'L1$JD2S@2[Q]V/HQ^H)6I)-:M(QR)2Q:1 JKDED8*1]26 'UJMK&CS
MZI

M-&ZU7;I/VRWAE=BX01[/F5MVT@C/4'(K
;7KT1+
(D59;=VCCD0A@XE5%)Y^
M[AQ^57WTMY=)BM8PUHWG+*PBF+$?/N/S$9)[_6JDF@W)L[:%9E+Q6C1[Y&)_


AB4O';.& VCPJ!V<L&!QZ9'-0RZ/


DE%- &G:ZI;W=T]O&) RABK





M])G@ M82PM\?/(1&')SG@<@8QV--FUJ\L]-U 3*6]MPOE[%(5RR;AQGM\W?
MH*;)H-U
)+9WC\AR93
3E]YA\K&

M[.25[Y;MP#0!T$+F2&-SU90?TI]16T;0VL43

 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD COLSPAN=2 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD COLSPAN=2 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=text-align: right; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***\P\:_$[4?#'B6;
M2[:QM9HXT1@\A;)R
]C0W8WPV&J8B?)36IZ?17A__[=8_Z!=A^;_P- ^-N


M



M( 3AE ?G./NXR





M 0'ON/#'V7C_ &NU3Q?$K6IHA=16M@]F4+@K')YS8Z@1YR3[@[?]K/%%T-Y7



:%%%% !1110 5\\?%K_DH%W_URB_\
M017T/7SQ\6O^2@7?_7*+_P!!%3+8]K(O]Z?H_P!#AZT]!LKV\U(/I[JEQ;+]
MH#,<;2.0 #GJ.U

H
@].A'0]/PKTGP3X(U/P]
MJLVJ:D\

I?M3'U:9PL<G[R4#Y-PRQ7_8&TE1_N1D?[5=)X
MF\.[(TG@A5(?O[$&!$^


LD9]-A
CD$_W0I [=JH7


4N63

\H6


9YX


&6+ 9)Y\9/7



;<RGS[6 *'BE)W*IX
AX(XP6!;MT9G5J65D]=M-/OMKMWLNQ8N+F9H

M0.B_+R. =O7J:AGO)M

Y!&.%#=CG.1#]LM


NT

*7P

MJ\#H+O3+.9'SM:Y:%CCK\LRJ,\'C=6G#XOT]HP]Q!?6JG^.2V9D_P^TW)^
MM8N;JW:.19=J6WR@]0@R0
=L=N%8=?N]JPB^S21*MHL
B
LA:/*2L.!RRD
$


MV4Q%0/GPN#WXX ]Z+D?5:?G^!N3^+K=0/LVGW\Y;[K/$+=3_P*8IQ]
UF#

V\B7$4





M_9^.=..MW 2RO5M:QK\MN')9..2!D^F:;:1C0P=2O%RCLK_.W1'L%%%%,
MY HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **J:G?Q:7I=U?SG]U;Q-*WN 
XKR+

M11W4$EHMTDJ&W9!()
*K_V_XA:-
M)/,TY%=]@Q8W#<XS_$RGISG%<T+/Q,RP%O$HB:'/EK#9(%7/\ZC-]KFD*7U

MKIMPD
M6/
QY]N1DXZLC+U]ZOVWB^)QBZTV]B8#+&!1=*/?

M/#= 

'/H

M_6N:2XD#VMNZW;H P9#
[&7DC[K9((QT /OC%5XK@Q6_F1&0-YV#+&50$8Y3

0S@J!OW)Q



M;J99SD7 7
C;23E
;6[\XSUYV@5(]W)*[K(MRZBWR%

M:OZUA0W+0M:&!90KY+;)/+689X*E0

PD^SB66/]]Y\@S*O



=T@_=L022%8?)GV  '2DSNP=2
M%&HFDDOZO^#?W'


?/
M)M8&









5Q(^I6QUS2'PHWV=TES$ZC@(

M+?E4]G&]LTT6D0ZII:
#NNWC6195_P!M\J$7V&?0DUJ7.GWFI7;)YU@]M&=W

[-M
M-


MZ&\@DG_6#+8. .
!N. :1M
6XMXK&*VM;)I-TRQV&XOG#8R02% ).
#\ *
M9SRJW^/^O^&Z)?
N;-K9WME?Q(SM(\TOF/%860SNW !=FR.

MB PZ?-UKG?&W@?4]?\0R:OILMO);SQQEQ)
%

HTZSAHE




!FCQNR/]WC_P ?6AG1AJM2


\0\S



#@B0$$
).[K6T-[)Y-

M*3D#(#GC%4URQW

M]M=:';%+.2*6UGD
1=3%]X#.4*G&XG:1CC&5X(K&FD1[MI%51;NK1+N0SQJX



2%I9$EE@B9AQ\JY  (;(*]QQD@$075YI%GJ5O;.EM(;


# .*;]YMN

$:V[H


MK:U\SS$NY)M\B

R




*D [0



L%CXT:21S)+(D$#%W[EO





M VK!;_+P

*3[L4=OA
VLANRRG
M*L

M1DAD=;8'.2?F!7DY)Z^M7+#7H]2B$EC_ 
)C/'N(#I';D





OI^/<BT2=_$&H3ZY=8=(S]FL5(X


M_/\ 
4K&7LUS6BN66ZUNGZ?UY&@-:G\4:AI6DZB&:;2$DDNPWW995(5&]^.?



DML]A'#*D.


,7$^E6GHB1F1A]2<BK5K:6]C;
MK!:PI%$O14&!4U)U&9QC1IZ0@GYO5_Y(STUOQ[:G=]JTF] ZI)$R$_3&*T[3

M2K+.?*)XWIG_ #_


Z-I)WB]G^C

MW(4#
4G^D
Y7/9Q&F#Z

[3M+
M:Q.TX42DKR^W[N?IGCTH Q8/M=SJ4VG?VU+LM8O
$D80.Q9V #$@@[ HSP
[
MAGWQ;/7-2OTM[EI+I)9FM422
H+8





M






ML[;MX&?RKDQXFO'U^=9[D0K.DT:R6SQQB.81R[790'!1E?*DXSVKLKK2[*



E_/


5&/F/ ]:E\
WM_J1BFN6U
M;6Q
WRC\JA




M/

U22X%D\\Y
MN8/LD%PEN55G=I'#,N< ;T-UX!K:O=0N]*15W7*M=6K1V\=RRNZW'F!4!*D


1$;E7*A7+
2?E)QCM5K
M7-4NM'CN].BO;MY9C MM*L)GE0N7+@*BDMA(F;H2


MJ2T:6OK=-_FON


\/6


MA2.W.\8 ('R_





M7LWBZUD?YMLB6Z'J3D97CDGI2V?BJQU%F2RF\62A$PPC2VVHN
9/RX7@ 9XH
8;

MEOI4:K?'QC:JYPOG10)NX QDKR


T

=.!SC&




7AE^S0/Y;\Y!
M  .

MJ.UMGV\GK?E_+TLR!-4OY1+#H_GZE.


H(8$CMU'%!I

M

TJH?+R3D
M9YZ\8.2;


5
MST%X%N&FOKSP\K2



R*YDCGDDDEB!(#$XSM7

M6YTZ1/*C
J+&[*IZDE0


MFTP6]Q(/FG8B66\./F4#:P1/5OEZ8&!S5/Q

ADEW 
[8(V+AV
VRTN9)1+<K=-*%ZD[ QS

MUJ2E=7-O1M601*01L(X((((!(R
=N#SP#M8@!5YRO$&O+(TEK81)'OX\TKCG

M


MX9P$BW
6)_UH'#9^K%)?^!&O1K6^@EO_ +.



MS)VY]-LZ*
^C5S^H:!-J-W/::3&L'DSJXE9\+;F.21#SUE6C([_ X&2*3/

M8





ME:VN6D6

0  )+C@H<=&48P<-@592Z^U
1G=
T;JK$$%\\'VQPV1[]8Y

MV1H[B
'=$6R
E
\$YRK8]3@.FBU9\VOJ[6\]-[?EKW$CBACT W=UJ44
+S[0
MEL[7;7)4$!8O

M
GTYZBL^66%+J

-\'O3IB:DQ4V]RK7
M
 F'3)(#+SZ^Q!'7%NTTG3IUEDM-+M1YC&.[@:6Z$9!/&W]V .?7&TXYY%1#


$);OPM*T5Q=1W-I<3*?,1C\CG 8'=C&00P/?R_
M<9[#58IKYV57544A%W]3V_SC_'DM.CMKY)[2Y(D@F!1\* 5SA@0?[WW7'H&


MMOQ#M+61


M'O;?6M-M]
GAMH='B1;.*1B#*_#
W'3)(4D\$C!ZC/5VUB;O5-'N%0^5#O:5

M5/\ '3\OS.KT_66O]'=HUD29)/*

M#+SP/O*?ID&NY\/VL8FN;Q
K(55I$*@-N0$*Q7UQM!'&-H^M5Y+$ZG:16\:D


M^(9]9FS-.X/R0+VXY.2!@=]YKKM4L8-6M=5MY;=)V93(BE 3N'3'OQCCGJ/:

M6%Q*CWFGHUQ8W
9!W*AW9!ZGY=ZD=MB^V=/7BFL^!)+G RTW Q_1@G^HJ]
MI%G;ZJD

MUY)K=27X_P##%C1M=D=-!M&0

M

MXUG7-0URZCV!1]GA7LHZD?AQ^9KLZ)$XQ^\H=E_P?\C/UA(+FQ:PFN# ;S]R

M#[OU!J2[O7N_


M53U/48]+LOM


.IJ#^U+S_ * .H_\ ?=O_ /':
M -.BLS^U+S_H ZC_ -]V_P#\=H_M2\_Z .H_]]V__P =H TZ*S/[4O/^@#J/
M_?=O_P#':/[4O/\ H ZC_P!]V_\ \=H TZ*S/[4O/^@#J/\ WW;_ /QVC^U+
MS_H ZC_WW;__ !V@#3HK
_M2\_Z .H_]]V__ 


_]_!P&_$8/XUQ=PR:1XIU#3KR)GTK41YS8!.SN7&.F#GZ








M3AL[L8# DY[E!ZC/6Z_8_P!L#R9'$:1.NR0L5*N3P01R#[BN6TZ*&]26TO$=
M[:8&-PS9ZX)QZ



NOWI4@3ND<;

M4







Y)Y%762X@NH)9




1SR9X+75YH=\:B(

01ER.!E5\G'_?$J#/?


JKP

V0H)
3SHLH(]59

$\DX..

Z+4X-.LW?

=G'-=11J& C*L/

M?2EU6#
ACE:+%N96QDB.V(D9)NG0[5! Y!8#ZT(HI[70%@OI%N3-'':V^I+'

.@%M8V7V?RY(RYB1@
=1\\9 '_ 'PV





CCY<G<






MEK(NHV+7+./LEY]A 




MK5H+O7%?$UXZ[X+ ]P@_Y:2#\@?H:R_#
K-X\U#RIY))+C3)=EP?E=V
(;S/








M:6


!;8.$DPH!ZD#GG/7



I.T?Q?I_5CI1X^\)6.C2
MV\&I.LS1E0NQG;)&




MK1-

MQ

IZ@H_<!EM+;_<C&#CV)JIJ=Y]KU1[;2Y5O-4;*1N/]791\!CG

MMMH5F





MJ[9S*PB27O&

GU

8UCR


MS3B39([







R*QO5A4+MY
63RR


TAAO[8SPR!D*X*@CIG(]P*KZ5X.FL







GH.G
M05R5Y!MU7: #GE=H!R






MHGQ][^ 
?;KSC]/05QVAWD)\$7^I6SJ/
40($/*DGE0.V
^GOSFMZR=9;RSN



EU.CX,/;J=5J;6ZK
M;//'





N
D#D



IQ@?=+


=%4GYB!DX
MXH
FU:Z6G]?W?Z_$O:3!'?6FJ2W1PSWR(LF


?EK).PFOMV?
DX#%6.. 5VCIGH HP:JZH;/4

\)66_FB$<-M;J3R!U8C:V^6^1CCFI@T4DD7V42M;


FK6_SS2NSJMIY\XD'
MW8%!Q*1@9+8&U3ST/'.:$D-I)J&M$6\/V9+:..-9&*[XD(+$_P!V('V.26ZX

94.FW&Z3 ^50-H ]2P[9IG#*

M]R(T
EO]K2
C[D32

8YW


M3D0W#+YDYA



Y!5B#UJ!
MM(&3VY*JD5G-'8I:A!)+'(Z1F?

9'W@P#'YO8'UK#$MQJ:H]H([6^N9

+*;;Z?U^G7N:$ULUHEM*UN)!$5@#]?W+RD




G




I_?6C';\O/(/T]:RM.M=5N9+
MFQM9YHX;^
75I):S[DAG4$^7E3@ DNO_ 'P:U#J%Y=0PW4LL\(U
B-_
!_T.



C[1&-^ 5[@CG'N0);S3(Q);/I=





M]G\
G-VRQWNM2@PPQC:$@4CG'7G!Y/4






VL^5'::)&


M!8Q[#C/UKTAF5$+













@47=N^B^'V\C2XL_;-0;^/


M$2A$11@*!46FZ;::1I\-C90K%;PKM11_GD^]6ZV2L?/8O%.O*R^%;?YOS?\
MP HHHIG(%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!5U#3[;4[0




+-&'QZ9ZBN*O;=?$!_LO6%2SU





M




MM\L@'?']/?GT3PMJ



MITW[V*W@C6)[_3EA3#2HP5_[P.



M6\03;YEP3R3W.WTZ#+8'6L[P%K

/SHU-G5P

M]-#









XU*]TZWAM((X

 





MS7+1K%)87%M8H'LH;9;:!=H'GS+/EN_.0HS[.QP
FNL\)31OXY\0+
\3R
T)





MR#C^ 'K@C.1COP 0

GF.9P=LD<P/W2<@AAC 9CT!I%.GV_KM]__  5?4BO+

NV



M8XPHE26UN+&:!+F.XA#I:Q-B&Z0.OSPOGY2



M\#&:SKZQDN-/LI=+EAU6P2# BN0$FC^=@!C(([#Y6P3VI'H0J1EOYKMYK_AG



M9V-DD%20YG)S4?V6+5+Q(VNIYM0CBQ+$TZ*980V-Q8'&^)E^\

MF_\ 7GK\G\CB_%
2SB6: JUO!


_-4/!W[K3;NS8 2VUY+&X'KG_ #^5
DTO5-$OIKS0
MMDT

E*TM3OJI2YJ-[;6^7^=[^K/00D4QMQ-(!%

0&('0$ '/J3CT

M(&
NV3GMQG\NE6YI'


MRM:6DEWI

E




M52AMOT^]O7\432Z9?WM[&9T2YEB/WIE*6T)_V

M42#V55']*P[_ 



ST
M];L;&VTZSBM+.!(8(EVHB#  J=5J%4  #  [4M:I)'SV)Q4J[MM%;+]7W?F
M%%%%,Y0HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H



MQK2\+?O=*O/NDCJ!GO\ K]*M33:)J$WD^(]+_LV_;_EJ055SZAQU_'\ZS:.N



L\0
M.0/H


M?P(!!_2GSLYHJ
9J:C;L[M+\;HP-&\;PW-L!J
$T
R##2)$S(WOP
CZ5HOXL

V 06X#'L#WYJ=

MFW7R;E

!Z








MQ=!VOK]WI_7S9T*+#+)%#(Y*S@_;^?NR  @$_P )SQCT KA?&EZ3I7B.]=]T
MA$&FQ/@#(\QG8\==R!#^/IBN@:&17MK0L4EF3;'%


M#J






'#+P.

 +R

T%G-[)#'RSLP.XECEN2. /4BM&RU!=4U



M[ T=3JQ$;8:?I_7X79ZW1115'RX4444 %%%% !7C'Q $%WXZDT1D;%\D;O)L


M9C4VF^]MVE(L(1Z9:

JR&UA'RI(588W[1\H [G\:::EK-R(5N[RTOEQYGE:CI
MD6(3V4X.59N


L&^Z0:

NH6D#O\ 9S+$UO.862

-:6_E1B
M
R*?LS_O$ 82@
5/;OG@C'WJ#G?/S:K7^OZ]=3$
P&G3W;W5X4CFC6.\6/%Y



M/KBI$EE&GQZ3JMBEW:_:S)+3!4EAPZ=E8;#P-N,_,IS48CNIO#0A\/ZK)?/
M;W8Q$['5-K$*%;ASDL?ES]!2-XW22=M_E9^FWS);S7!;:_9PRV-F]KJ-M''
M)+('
C0/\@)8





9'8$9ZU%J.HZC+X?EU2Q.I^MX4,FYBKD

Y



M$3Q!:H5
5W#?QKMZ%2K




M0
M
?H$(/Y[ZU-&^&'AW2I?M$\4FHW.

GW&2
M?R(IN#9M5Q6&J0B^;E27PI-N_P^9DZ79#Q[JNQ#*FAV+;I)EX\^7^$+D=!


3C:%NF+12C_8E[


M_P#(P3


MUB_T3Q-HB6MOJT-F48.J2_(.!C:1QQSVKDX=/.F2.T?B.QA#KL9K:1W8KZ?*
MOM7H0^&?B

MQC45OO\ _;3F/#PT_31NTW3+_4+MAS=/$(U_ L?E%7-0UZZCS]JU.PTV/_GG

MF



5'S-_O




M/_CI-+E9Z-/


UI_\*T\1_P#/'PLWN8&'\DH'POU^
M3AV\.0^\=L6_FM+D9G[?#*/*JMM;[_\  *DUSX?MQE_$-PP'9+]W_P#0235%

MZ3\/?#NE.)?L?VVY!SY]ZWFM^O _ 4U!F
\9A::TDY/[OT1YMIVB^(_'*Y\U


M:KIL&KZ;-93_ ')!P1U4]C^==YK.@Z9X@LC::G:)/%U7/#(?52.0:X6;X5WE
MJ2-&\47EM%_##
N\ ?4$?RJ'3UNCHI8JC4:E*7)+TTOWTV]#@M \876E+]EU
M5)9K1'\I9P






M68O([D\
8\@ #(^X?45LP7VH6FA6T\IU$:E?01B
[#($=SL#9W#DJ@8 _=W'
MKOK$

97PGK%TLU_J6J75TH

)KB2Z6YU&XM;6$HDI

M[*?3?-FDD%U(\P:.(%CAR2JJQ95*







M%



#'E,O SXZ#J0/S[N

UK=JG+%CE4(]3O=O^
M^?2NN^&WE0^,Y-*8'SM,@DB5U7Y7R1YF3Z;^5]B:Y-BOEW]^6W3:C+JU)_Y
M[*A


69AZ';TS

M8)81



DY2L_ZOK_7_ 
!]INI);U8IYKN:/[1

8/.#Z1[PUM?*R+=R#1H@&1OEN85EC4G/]X;3@]1T


M02H5\RW?/\)\LX!]?=J9FX7NGU_K^O\ AC8M!'=VUTDUJLXM[-&^1U^U0. C

M





4BGY6/EA3\ISGV)^E.U
MK7)$N566*VU#3[J&*0-);B-Y=HVEBRX8
&5AU..1R.MK7+#2-=L+;7K:]6QF




BUHZ.&75[2

MG?:G\S0.4VU-OM^;2_1_UO[IH:E= TY3U%K$#_WR*OTR&-884B7[J*%'T%/J


M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1

M/$94

M_M;:5YA_RSRGEL?P(/Y5+/;RG6

M1V[1JBC_ 

MJ6KV?[JUU00QV\\C(2K_ '
D

[!@-D!0.Y/84]*@T?PSHD^LRW']HSSA[*)


74=0U*_E6**W%UY;2-,(E0JH&$P0-K' (
1MP=DOZ_J]MQ\MA$+J
MWC74M2FE@MB[;[CRX(/F8XDVK@$'*A1G[N
4^\CMUO51IKZ[D%LSFYN&9E5

 )'(+)&!_$2^W+?-V&T0U







F3'Z-


#T)[DT#I]'_ $DS
MF6+R74=U-$D

1:&/
M&/


MD@HHHH **** O$_B3##'XKO=64,)[1(HE@G=*ZYC;VQAS_ 
 4=Z]LKRGQ

9 JN)3&L:0H1F8




&I/;:M+F?37[W?^O*QU#QW%ZZ1VK+'-=*BVTA;]Y'YI





MJ1*(-





M&3&

MV/



M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** (I[:ZC\NX@CF3^[(@8?D:P[SP1H%YD_8AQ_BA8K^G3]*Z
M&B@#SC4_AG(BE]
O-_\ TSG&#_WT/\*X^_TC4]%F7[7;2V[9^5^V?9AQ7N]

8_@N!N_P#'NOZUVVC_ ! T


M207%CJ_AZZO[B&2)_L

;P%)SC)SN;#'&*D^E4

M)&?7FJ6A6UU+9:GK&H7SVL$JI&+V4EG=Q*DGR#JS?NSCMQU&#6FED-;MUNX-




N2

6'0 \#C3U N-6O0LOGZ@\U\R3B


M.#C +MP.% YY(IG-4UAS/R^]_P##_):;ENZ5AH^H-)M6ZM[.2.\V-_RUC3[H



M.$RV

 (
M




!_UU7FBYY2SWFISQKYD!M)VEA1/FB=

0#SUP:Y+6-2EN+J'1=
<X4$@ $J1SR2_P#HLT=NNH1QYU*_9K;


P
M7BSR

MJVG0$X_T9N1CGCKQZ5T
KA(I#]J:*;K_ &8I&)/J







MNMPC^ZTR2C_Q]?UI@\,:EGGQ5J6/]F&!3^?ET69*S+#;\OXR_K\3Q^#6/&6
MMW3?V+IDMH90%)LHG50 ,##,2$&/0BI[#P&!J2KK=T]_J#-N;3K!_-E)_PF
MLA^6

MKHZ**H\:I4E4=Y!11100%%%% !1110 4444 %%&:* BBB@ HHHH **** B


A#



G/X=J




M]#HKS7XT67B/6/#%MH_A[3;BZ:XGWW#Q
!L1.0IR1U8@_P# :\(_X5A\0O\








_[+9V
MN/\ :!Q7T!5:^TZRU*#R;ZT@N8^H6:

 ?49I-'HX7



6EH)9B8 . \G7.?[


MLSV\\5_?


.8+*F(X%WR?(,(QX.X%  #G)/L*]4CT?1O$<#BP^V6,^ Z,T1
M^1@<@JW3(.._8X]:\_\ 'VBW+,=;:)%N8Y/LVI+&,!9@/EE _NR+@_7WI,O
MUX3E[)Z?H_\ )_GZF_?C[

1?9YY+6V=
^8#!$26'?G=DGKT''2/3UD


K=I(1)P(;=7
74]



M:.X

M?FZ_+Z-BK_A%$M_$D\

PBVXB#!0L(10N
 ?+O&& !.0
*I)9(I_M

M/\1Z7T





8*_VA+;16R $
8HU'[UB1QN

MI+W;:N27Z_Y_Y=#.L=

MQ0$]MYY(ZX&
'C/1'Q1



M3]3ZUJ'Q7'=#9J5K:W6QMN98P&1CPH]F(ZKUZXW=L'7M*\#W]RHDEN-(N;@'

G;CH1P!ZT

*XD\N\)!CM<?NF/1
#GG@&





MOC9=

M%HHE_=%G#OGC[Y(.P#/0C&





M0.N



.W


;&-RGH<%@:!'V717QU-\)/'=O
M!)-)X=GV1J6;;+&QP!DX ;)^@KE-/T^YU34(;&S17N9W1HSJFYCT&6(&30



A 3R3ANU?6MA90Z=I]M8VR[8


8_M':]_R/#\;_WKR9<
M_5$_]GKN_@OX=;P_\.K-IDVW&H











M4]?FCR+2
(&T?X?/90OMGU.46_!Y\L?,Y^F %/^]7;^%_$EAXLTVU?3G



M-#LPN&]I.TUI_78]0M+Z*^L5NH Q5@?E/!!'!!]\@BN*@\2S1ZR^J-!
;2;Y
M=C$95
+CH2!@YZG^]TR*K/XBGM_#RV5K930K-R+KSL-N=L@@+@\D]
]/6N=E
MNKQ(DC@B(:0DE8R

M'I\CU!/%6C.!MNF8G
ML(7)_P#0:NVFJ65\Q6WN$9P



J?




M
U2\6Z;Y%Y+J-[


$+A9D

MR




MD'&!U7AF73V\6.MO!

48UY.6W*SC_'&GPZ/
MJUMI5N7
%K;@!F/WBS


T5=,T.T3S)&<Y6-0!N8]VP  /_ *YK1N]/D\1**!)
M;30-/8V]M;D8D=A@L[#LQSDY]<4$? N63LWOY+M_B?ELOD=39^&_[8MGUWU


=
=N
#C&.+TZ

MIWIHY\4G=)[V7Y+^MS&CCD8SQ6(5I)(V

MC5TC!$9-K*H/;=;1Y_E0365Z
GZ/]/U.QHHHIGF!1110 4444 %%%1S3QV\3

?3'N*BUOQ;;Z9$



$

I\D2?=8 C*^_J3U^@J-)99)$FED9R-I+
M

'(X$QZ'I5.;P
D.5&H&%L=;NSD

\_-M_GSS]
UI:?XDU322#97C)

;*-R2J?[K#J


@^
K;4ML
M

3_ 
#+'Z8KZYKY@^*WPNU^S\4W^LZ98S:AI]_.T^;:
M
N\3L=S!E'.


BV




M&?Q[)XGNK'2H[?[/;VF9G7?NW.PP
\#H

M\ICL+S7?%8EN;.XCAFFW
9(R $'8GZ#% 'I?@_4]5T'PE::=:W;V\9!F=8P


X.)&7R



MPH ^8?CIKTFM_$


M6DDE0O*_W0S'@# S@#@?ECEMQ9QF/!!Z$$J#G!&?F^GT(]*AL^DP&!5*'-46

KBF

M6V@EFGD; 15YXY)).!TZDD 9-=/#X';(CGU!&F!^:.S@DNMA'9BH 4\=SW-2




M
Q



MBE/PTSG
-X=V

M26X^Z?F]1QZY%59;Z]N9X7EN)':-MJ/_ !!6[9ZYX_/M7H/_  K8YSY-YG.[
?K1RL4<;A4K)GGB2SSO$\
MLC2,%4AG.3][U)],]^?6GJSF)<EG8XQGYLG!Q]<[E^HKM)_ R0J4^WR0LV?F
MN;2&



MC1VX1X_1205V]B?Q/BK



K##*?0@\BM$[GR]6C.D[21/1113
@HHHH **









MK1-]WW)5F'YGM6U\)]0NKWX@7
T\[N]Q;R/+SPQR






].]:^G6RZK]LU1)-4O5&-DZ@G)&D:D!5V
MD-D#KSU*TK'LRQ5.G&])=-&W=_+HC(;3!%H1A2QEL-
MG0PVLAQ+/(6 \V4C
M[Q']W^'(]


M\8^'O&$/F2(K7-GCYY;=R[L/]KOZ]

M@CU.P_L.2=;]

URM6\U^O_#C?AN0-)ER#

X7N


MB48=[M8?KY4
:'_QX
/PK)9_
$R7

V641[FPS\#'5YC_WV.P%=1X2

'&%'8R$')/8'C/?I?%NLII5

34<00.$5F0_<.0@)
7
;RP%S#;PERO






C6TL8)73/(0!L9QTY.:Z#X:^*K_7[:[BU:^@GN4E

M8W




O1M4GO+2#R3!G[
M1!&YV*K#B6/_ &#T*G[A]JX5?WI4(NX91


.'0]48=0:^
277S-H'^
MSG\,UQ6JZMHUI-;W?@O3Y;!&M[\UNVML4-N[$OA2

R[%^8J=N[K0![-1

MG[FUCRIKHQQ7,(A9VM)&F'W4\D!J!P4+L3UYZUJ&[U/7/%FF6$FMZE-H!U
MD/97[(BM


M_





W.I^+M+-S;7'B.9
_P#;E]'<3:Q!IWEBWCVA
M$@!N)6RG.6#8' !_#%1_$OB_[/!$^KSV]O+'<365S*-LDKB=TC1ML#^9A55B
M@520_7B@#W2BN%^'MQKVM^UK6=0F

MQ$FG$EOI*&*


M#:P232'^&-237:Z/\-[B8++JL_D+U




QZ\5 HLNQR/F1RO#KW&6R?7@#UK-L^QPN$
MAAX66_\ 7]?B2)Y49^4NN.FX(I*'CTZ@G\\UM:=H5_J.2ELKQ1$6:1OW:D'
M!RS851CJ.IXX-:7A+PO_ &C_ *7.)&M%D\N*


:+Y8ZLYGPEX7CL[;R

M&^&NKE5*I

MA7P\6+'0=++'.2;./)SU[469W_7L-S7]EI;RWOOM\CC/A_XMO[[0-3UKQ!K:
M31VS



M.6
WC^*/LDENI9?.LH!$^O&_&<\DXV
MGI6QK_B_Q+#KH@L))YK..UB<G3H8YG9F4$LX*DJ.3@8'&*[_ /X1/PW_ -_
MI7_@%'_A4DOAO0IV+3:-ITC





M;E[=1ZF7$]W!YFJC4:FYYTA*9







M_-:=]=3@=
;-?1RKSCC:HSVZT(K$UZ'LII-IM;7
M3_/4]!HHHJCYP**** BBB@ HHHH Y7QI%M_LN\5BDD<TL8<=5#PR<_@RH?P
MJA V-8+B\_=[MPN
$#!Y+C.0-OSKSG[[9Z5I^-B386

'PZ_*=O'R\GGC\<FO)-:EU6#XBZS+I#SI<B\E&Z(XXW=^V.G6O6_$F397@
M=C;.#$6MUR0H+*%;(X^;!7Z#V-95EHL5Y)KMP@43-J]PK$\;@
#/XG\Z3.W


M\L)L[C:WF1QSA\9^\

M[F0O=[W




MUP

Z
M:


MW
O Y_#T ^B=(8?9[B/(+1W4N['^TY=?_'74_C51
M/.SJ4DHKH:%%%%6?.A1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &3KMM&]LMTX



6MW5R^-D-C/*Y'3@*#CVY



GZ5T<<:11K'&BH
MBC 51@#\* /

MO;/J.P_ 5N44 (    




MI2E-N04444&04444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !69KD1%@;R/'FVF9AD9W*!
M\Z'_ 'ER/K@]JTZHZS*(=&O'.
^2RJ#_ !
1@#\20/QH+IWYU8^?/%&GQZ7K
MM[8J0L4$K(I;M&3O4 ^I#@9[X.:QR7

5TGCF5'\7




H\N







M)_PI7.^&&JSBZDMDG^3/2?#Q$6AZ49)#IX-HG^D





)?$6GVSR
D
%M)-*5&3^\98ACWVM)^M
M162JM\\LLLJ0!LM
_#*


'B5L+M'R$L1U;*8S_O?WJ1ZGPTDO+\]2/7P9-&



M6-



 1)'\V[)^]Q_= XP




MCGL!7D



69
MBQ81@[6).


^&Y];O1O8P6L2XN+DK]Q0

M]:&G1116A\R%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M4[_5++3(?

OO$^N:D3#H&CW*J


M:X;T3+_ %/ZUT-GX9T6PP8--@##HSKO/YMFM:B@   & , 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 V21(HV=VJHR2:YNXT:?Q+?)/J8:+38N8+3)#2'^\








MYZ?

!UVG@@CNI (

XZ




OK

8. S]IAY*S_K

M![G&2!^)U[C2K31[OPK:VD

M?\



;ACL1G&?E63\0OKRSAO^^DO7\W_7Z%CP=
@N]3MT)((AG^;@EMOD






M %S.6:3G&$P0
=#NR1GIFM(^+[A9&*I#MR%PPYR2
 GUY_4?2@FK3JR5FK_







M


M-5VHROY?F=11113/

MH)(7C 0B=%^7.220W/3/X5]+S0Q7$3131I)&PPR.
@_45P7CC0)+ZS*VT+RW



= 






$DP0&4$9&TXYZ


MJOWM-FC]Y;NU _24U%-XM@6

H_/WVU'M*$J R\9PAQV/8$ =&'7TI-W/3HTHTH\L1EM]
MS(L=O$\A;Y56%5RP(R 

P&
'!R(^@Y8



MF/)A)_@?^A[_ %KG/!_A_3?$VK#2[W61I5Q
0+:26'?%(W]UCN&TGC!Y]/2G
M#560IZ.Y]2:9\8? FJ';'KT

M!'U!KY@U3]GSQG9;VLS8:@@^Z(9]CM^#@ ?G7(WO@7QIX?G66;0=4MW3D30Q
M









M6





KC!('4\@9


@N5.
CLH))_6I6\46VHP_9[Z-E1V(
M$EK

M?H1W^&M






M&X/;G[DLM1V;K-?



#/

M_P!?\SSJ'3+J0!(U8@KY2J!D;/XDXXQE3T 4D'*-56]T2Z\0WUC;6=U&K02.






M1SGYN







M

M@

C.I%;3O
TPEE%LBD23:&2/J0#P!DCDYSQR

WB*?


8 )]NN.*P)-&=[I5N8



MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M]HU+0M(UB

F/HN2OZ5
_8=J]<HHJ
MF[DI6BBBD
!!%!*6WJ<


!WSDXQ[#:V45E9K;0;E09YS

M1P-UIN[46NDE BEA\M0_R/NR
$Y.'7C'IQVZUI6ND7$RQ271CE9@R1Q6V6:0


@UA7&EW%VXCEN+




R@&


^E=V
MGA'35NXIV


M**9B%%%% !1110 4444 %8/C(2)X6N[J$9EL]EXGUB8/_)2*WJBN8$NK6:WD
M&8Y49&'J,&@NG+DFI/HS@Q*L7V=K59((TW)$[Y*L1E0XSV&R(D#L !U(K;2
M.$1O:0&S=N9)FX690

]3ZUR]A)


)%Q[





MC8M]D3



MP1A5C8&4CIG:


6]%<UEA'
M+12.[URGMR'TC3(+R(C_6+

M3_=_O'WR?Q%:
&K746)(PRG:7W!L8!QD\'W[$J

M71:*2RN(@6?&.5([G.#G(STR.2

M5@+


MR.LB*ZG*L


MWP 


E9+B


W4PG^X_]#W^M

^%5_X+U59]/CFN](NI MNZ@L\;$\1MCOZ'


MBBBI*BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H




/L6IQCHFIW!'T=O
'Z.*Z2N0\'



[XZ\BK6D17
4Q\B)9+J
G











M.U2WRK8.5$
B]^




GF\
Z3I\46L:G))/JL8R99'D
1S



;,ZS2B,A20<\?
./E]ZO:UX@A3XB76F7NN7
&

UG
C^5

T$7^E


MQ7%TLDTGE2;@1MPW7GYN..GK0!Z)17EL^K75GX




M/A?3I5M[;4I-2OI_/MP&AGG:1 V?O &@#I**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
]!V^O




M]@HR5Y:Z[:7\BU::5HVL'.F7-Q%
I
BB2-N&/!8-@?-VSG)QWI5\'RPR+E8U
9=HL,Q(9Q=X ^Z
M0

M%%%%

MXZLGYFHK*2

MW_'WOC

\CH!DD^P


T-#$Q3S=OA=P!]_WB_P#CX[MCP7:
MB'3KZXSN%S?2E3ZJA$2_I'G\:YQYX3\TT<C








M$=QU%.




M8****0!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &1?_\ (RZ/_N7'\EJOX@UV71;VSV^3)'+'

-B/P
D$8&2RX]*L7_ /R
NC_[EQ_):YSQJZV^K6C74D$\#PRM
M':S6:N
@Q[CO

C@\B@:BB
MB@ KFO&%J9H]-E0A7%T8-Y[6-XQ_P/,A_NEK$\8023^$M2\G_ %T47GQ_






?/D+W)SCVZ'&X


#;W!V##$

'D@[/.8?]





4L0
M!SST8]/P]*\\\7:5XRMQ
[6LDMMCYKB!_
8CO[@?AT]J3-
-1A4DHMJ/D_\



MIT.4D0.I]B
T(Y
9\*]7^2)****9P!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4




MW-I
NZ.6



\

M

F);/S#M!9]F<C(]^_\QUJFFK::D:R7%F5D)R8P0
8[





M

M!^2BNCKFO!K8@U6+&
:C+*%/990LH_22NEIHX
3_ !9?UT04444& 4444 %%

G

5G;(!( 3L=W




N<;6'JIYQT!/0$TMWJ'B.'4+&/0Y;C[<REIH4Y
MB

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


$5
E=:;E1=GJ?'FA^#O^$O\(W5


1*;




5C )9#%-N$4JI-M






KU8_?]VIF
M_/.8&B$ERDB^:B


M]'H^C_-?B

P^Z.1N/7 ]/O#V6@R76Y@$V\X4
I^0G/7KUX_O?0
M5W]G;VFK9^VZ+)I[








'(-/UF-VN#YT0@8XW+
M%\RJN



K(Q*C 8KSR@5CZL6S@@4S4(I(O%M]##Y0EN8XY09.
MA5XVC;GMS%%^=2:-
YXXX1ZLWS0OY+\AFO




MR8XD 9B 1D\D #W/Y&AFE!5'3M3W;_4VHK8SJJM++ RC;@\KQ_+MVK2T[0VB
MEDDENBVZ(H DA_B&






Y&/F'((

MO;Q2-]NFEM&V#RUM2RAEYY.S//Z#MWKSWPCI\.EF\M([A;J%=5MC#
H&)%:)

8'6(/@



MQ!Y

M\11:?:&P:=R?)/ER!P



M9XSTH [2BN%M+_Q!JGBKQ+I]KJRPKITD8MTDMT=3NC#8;HV



R (C.Q&2%QD!03COCK0!Z-1




M(RP(W ]Q^6:ATW7[V'Q#JOA_6+F$&V@2X@OT41[HVR

M1AL;6YM))I+@HNY65@.K?+C!]/QH [.BN9\(ZS?ZJVHQW31W-O;3^7;WT:;%
MN4P#G&2#R2




26]Q



@6:S4$LK$XW(/[WMW_*OKN-Q+
M$D@# 
 0&&,^H[5HUI=;&:;O9[CJ***DH**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** .

X&WZ8ZN@ HHHH R+__ )&71_\

MR 9) Z_AQ6OIUPUW80W#.D@E0.KHA0




M

&
MK7NF+?\ B33+&UE=&E&4





3@!@2W(



M%9






%YSE@O#

M71B^U:XXEAW#@D
@//'3\Q_D\9E[J!T^5'+)!
 ?-C5LA0 .3GH/8^U U6JO





M95LON'&
=^
M'1V'Q$UF^O-'
VGSV\20[H0ZM(F23@\#.3@UW=% 'E-EX=U2/X07F@/IDIU!



201


6FF
_F/&N7;U8\G]:W:* .$@T?'C+Q

M$@$^A!(SVS7I%% '$WNG:IXG\1Z//=V+V-AIC-+()&!:68KMP
'[H!//?/08
BZ/J
GB/6/$FK6H5KB)8;:S5@S+$@.


^X[UT
@'7/#/ 6E36EC/%
MJ6FM!.MS)-$9$Z!I&<8/8X;'YUVU% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 54U+3;/6-.GT_4+=+BUG
M4I)&XR*MT4-7T8)V/D+XF_#*]\!ZE]IMO

#_CEX:\1^7;:DW]D
M7[<;9VS$Q_V9.G_?6/QKG/VA?0OM)M/%=D@9[8&Y9.=T3'Y6_ G'_ JR/%
M_PSO=V_F7?A6\^TQ\G[%<D+(/97Z'\<?6O/;7Q5XM\$QW7AW4(YOL4J-%/I



=IN64L)9W@5ONC=O4'D!CA3USGJHK6O


L.!GD\5N0S1




M\-I/';NA$UPVV(')&Y$##(SW.W'!P



MBBB@PBBB@ HHHH **** .2\9S![G2; (7:1IIM@ZG$3(!_WU*E4[4)+JK@

M_&C3/
G%<M%+R_/^O4;K_PZTJZ2
M'%G'NC'V0\%#O7).W*_-TQG'?J2*31_+6#73*K
#K-S\H7=GD=OZ]J=X@S_9



/LDV]CCHWU.!G-$6G7







MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *BNKJ




_[BX[QG^X_H?0]



M0UQM^T


M2P-PUY) (D%M-'YLZKR!M=&! SG=P!NY(!KH]-A^SZ7:0B%H?+A1?*9]Q3 '

MQCREC(VA
?+C'&

!(J(


,#O726%PI;


R-(CY7R

MSD5:\/Y&@:45+67^BQ_Z45/R_+]WY^

&_X^$S\Y/&

AC&..Z*..E

*!6VK.N5=FP  3UY55<\<LS=,8I'JU?AT[+\E_6A%K^#I5VS2%)
M/,3= $8B)MPX!' SU]\Y[BO(O$&EWFH^/-:^RJ57TN92<*AW'OZUZ_KRL=!
A\26%LJ_VP[)@9-XV[CV') ^OKWZ5V%I]@U%-E]':R7(&7:%@


%T1\\[S\X[#*G. ?\XJO936NCI%#

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

)/

MI7I5%%.^E@ZWBBBD 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!RL\US#
MXS1VUWY


MT1E505VML^0@QO\ 
QQCC. W7H07Q21':V5JT+3PP[)$E\P*RNOW3N\U#G@
M^N:Z32@BZ19- B!-J@YP-HXZG^9^IK#\13UT/3]DLEG*TJ1Q$@NX;8V%V

)3*)($82% N_('.!P

M(LXT\QI%N76//WF\L1@?^1C78UQGC:

M=.#_ (R^?Y#&!-^^;982&^4*F
6N<Y4''?M[ ]@&]3I_7]?






M2W4J5.V
OP1R-V-H';./\*Y'PMK=WJ_C[11



M7:\?3]6%%%%


M7


B


GG* C/3GK[_3Z4OB#QK=016R:A8VVH65T6CFMIX]K?+C
ME2.AY[YQ712^&)[2W

M




M03[9K4MVNI=6OTQ^R1A$C3:


:L




[F6
M1B#QR/D _$^V)E\1OIVAZ#J6HR&2+4C!'*VT#RGE3*D8_AW8'/KG/%9$D5S)

M9BQ*5Y ^8D ?C[4 =3KE]-IN@WU[;16XA@=XHST9P#M'YXK+UG6KM/4/
MB'2!YRB.*Y




(TU**26


MAW&I27T=RFCSQSW$%KNR%XL=$(#$*3CU!H ZWOKV\GU+3HKV*/4-/V+N
6


:QFN3E 2'1XU'X?.<_AR*S/$]E=ZKX7U&[LVO
M3=V\WVBTA:##;X6!4*-FXY*G'J&^M13YN_&6EZ@HU6&!M(F5I39G=$[/$0K

=J )-+\4W6KZAX;




L
MW!+(LAQEF0I\JYXSAB?HOXC-GU+5K3Q1H&E7%S$ZWJ7

896490\]?;



ME+-E8]_S;2


T+Q#-



M4='%E(OEMN1PRL






I^Q17DCV.U22(



M%VA



4
D

M'3!_^O7/:-I-]IB^!;6XMIO






M9R.F #CKG/-5+72KO2_AY=^'8H));T0W
$&%.U][/L);& 

I.3QSZ5!HNAW
M6F^)8+(37B16^AVUH+E(/W9=&;*ABF.G/KS0!W




LS2;C
-M1O-*M]$OK.?RKF&_
MOF21

M*-_.^JU?IOY:B2ZM/





RPP7JRS
!Q









N%.WUS_=



Y_O
M9QRW.


^





W'3IAD/N: ':CH#:

M@1


MU0E@=V?N]^]1:CXC%Y

MVM]VK-@1ZNI1(8Q$#]W:#^G;W_+MTMZO#J7VWS1.J1!5VL. #CGK[Y[^WO7-

MNT#3(G
H@O?


=!QVXR#

M









D



=\U

-KW4-4M_#TK_ .D/KM]8
M&X PS6]LI?=_O',:$_4\'F@#TJBN6UC6/^$=\2Z!:M(YL]6EDM7$CERLNW<A
M!.2,D%2.G(]*Y?1=5U/_ (1SX@:A_:%P]SI&J7RV9FE9U1(D#*A!.O4<\X/

TC4UN)%


1Z3_ &A=R[SN8EE1$W=1U9CWX7MD4 =E
M17*RZB;?QLGAJ::8VM]I[7

MAK5+NX37=+A=H+I9LD\+*3#,


MTJ7S/M%\DK1;1QB

.W\29_P#'JB6Z



MRN6$++@


MN90VMZA14=P


7M868Y9D4D
M^^*K:R[QZ'?R1NR.EO(ZLIP00I(- %ZBLGPO=37WA'1;NYD
D\]C!+*YZLS1
:UG


M
L1+R-U8[B* .BHHHH **K:C

G*E3E6*G@^

'Y9 D#
N1[

\5U= !1110 4444

M%%%% !7.^


M@0W8U!1CA/\ EEQPY*Y/'Y\_4UD,C4&S$(20  PY_NY]R2/7]^WK6LR[)H
MP;4:;NX7RQN


\C





M6



?=

N-NTG&



D:RQN5A=IU!VJ[B/=UZC83GGYMQZ&NF\(H1X8LYV7#
MW8:[;/7




H2P7=Q(<M

 8ZGO7*7*EOV7X\.RXTQ20
?-\PX.1_*O7FMX'W[X8V\S ?
M*@[L=
^M


M T@250  

M*]!:TMG14:WB**





+%=:LEK:W;

Y!
M# ]L]J[U+6WCE


M#J0_VKC_ -*VKM--T:6P^(EGX@8C[%?Z(EF6S]V965@#[

ME:UMUBSN8&-0N1W-
L+G3]2TY);%HIK-U^3:OR

M\5+758B#:Z7ITD+R#IYTCCY/J%4D^F5]:Q]=MKN;3?#7C+1(Q-/';1P7:+_R






?





MQ1HS



].
M^14'B+7M1O8+7S[-[C^S?%\5O:M& INE56( S@;LDKG@9';FO65AB1658T56





#M:O].MM
M!L(E6:WO(]6E

_O()3

( 





M&


M\3P3:=I=E%H^G3?+*D'


V.2$3


'8-0E58U&)V<JQ&!TP!Q[US/BY&4_%7-P
M^#;VA\LA?F'DCVSQ_P#KS7JUEH.GV%\;Z*'-V81;B9SEA$&+!




MNPX0#*]




D30EP@V





M[.UQ
SD']X0 2..
A5X''%:#6T#[]\






MS:_:P%C\16MBB-&N3!)%&[#IGJQP:W=?U6[MM=TW3H\0VEU;W

1GCH:[*RT6RL;QKR*,M<ML'FN




L
75=%:&2
M(ND5S'*O(Y+)NRF<8P=Q'M71USGA70[O1EE%S#90AH88]EHQ(=TW;I&RJ_



3PNHE9F22U=KR/JDC')?HNW
M/' 8H/JY]:/#&1H^D_9U$DXM$81R_(A7;@DD9Y!X!QTXQU--U+S[C50IC7[



ND3S1W#7LHQ$




FUMOZ^N#U_*J\5LT\803O;LHQL8$H/IW'T^O/6K^G:'/%/)(]
MVP!1E&PAOO \_AG_ . SEJU(J[A[OI?_AC/F\/I' ZVM[TYR ^P-M]PI/)

M





4W[5;[V3SXMZD*R[QD$]!7GUIX)UC3]
T^%YH[TQ:1=Z





MAK=U









MNPK*LYED#XZY&



@


=

\0 !;' &1Z[5/':@#U)I8T=$




31A

M+J&:W& 3R?G6L_Q!H%RMT+V2!8K*WTG4(GGGN$VI)
0P).1@#!S@8&0!D#-?



M1IP29 #RW3@]/KTYWP%\%M7BCL=6U&
6UX;BWN(=S_\ 'O&D@9MR]2[   =!


]
M=$= U)?'D.MVI6D^&O(;@JX!6(HK1XY1^=I&2I'/6@#RBY^#.B:]\0?$6C:

3D





;


-G=MQP3ABP.4YW ^QH ZB[NS!=V<*R0CS92KJY^;;L8_+SUW!1^)JRDL<F[
M9(K;3AMIS@^AKG?$NF7NH:UX=GMK<R16-ZT\[;U7F*2/C)!)RX/T![\54\#


$G/.6/U
DZ+;&X@N)UD4ZI
M
N8WEQ4#(W4'(3)&0#CK@@$?B=U7XB^'+ *&OB6)XQY'6NC@O//TIY)I8
MS-(@

M 6! W 8^7!^HH [07




=JP?']G^0Y9L#'?J-O?@X'--_X0S6K
M?6C.L


Z2F38R[AC*[^C8ZM[9
M /2/M
 E

O@C7;'0KC2K=%GLUNK)










M2XB0H 6#.!@'H37/^*]*U;5;C3XK%HA8E9TO

BN
M8N_!NN3:



\-




B#
M?I\^SYA\W[MCQZUQFG^!M4BT&R01SOH=6BU*^*R(6OF&2P&/E4 D;%/ VC.
M.M:%_P$=1


M([*B



M/N_



G;)&O)[N01!55B
M(R=N!CL



MP
L'V=



2I$/_ $ _G735SG@P
MXT_48^Z:I=@^^920?R(KHZ9P8G^++^NBBBB@PBBB@ HHHH **** .
\7R_
M:-?TVR*/)%'#+-

<@
M#'D\3:=X<M-8-W.%FEUBZ*1JF]V (Z#( ^I./K6SX@XTN[\Q'EE+QA[@$JLN
M'&, #'R],$C!]:\ZU#7-'C\3Z[I'B.P:ZL#J,TL,L7$L#DX.#D9!P./;H:3.
MG455BTTVMW;=ZK^NYL_VG)-(EW?O-+*RAA;%LQQ#KDJ


J!]I7:^%^[G(Y(


M4[-41/E@6S 8P. /I75Q5A
L%XMB@Y

5V^@79O\ P]IUTWWY





K8Y..0RD?7G% '?45B?\)5IPUVVT




$9S6C
MI&OV.M;Q:2!F1$D9=RL0KYVD[20


MPY63;D]CZXR 2

MOZ\5W
WCKP_#/'$U\N6M8[LD_+LB?[C'..OH

EU*/28KR

M
XKB_C+_ 


-@\UFP_$;P_+8B[:2

MGC]



\GK

\'H?6JOPPD+_#K1@T3







KM;:VT]#@YNO/*GN(4:;^:+^=!MAXWJQ7G^6OZ'/?9X%

HC&SRB




M2Z
C%PK+MQG//MU/(Q[YHU(OAYKN3:IK6C:O9ROJVAQ7;0@NVP;) N
DCT.T

&0J2Q8^



M
^YB%KXDU0/

1

K

G-=)10
M!SUWX2M[SP\FB2W]Z+2-8D3:4#!8V5E&=F#RJ]1GCW-
/@NQ:6YD-U=EKC4H


X'/3VJ

\C%=%10!B^)_#5KXKT1])O;B
MXAMW='8VY4

M7-EIQTQ%E



@;#C/3&,9[U:T[PE;:9%H\-M?7ZP:49##%YPR
M!@1MD  W 9R/0UT%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'GGQ0^%]GX


4?W']O0]JE-P=T5I)69Y_P







M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M



M2WN6FM&! \ZWE4E3U'/IS_


.?SIVJ^%[O4K4'2/$4;SLV/]+R'

- Q:FWQ(5QD_.#!-SSV
.3'? SLG?\ (4W2
MA/;:@(Q'NG#$-V(1W(PV6YQC8Y!P<_/ZU=\;1*;;3YCG*SR1Y'7:\$JG]2#

MVM&R5@R7LI
@.T)\Q[^OZTF=^70YD];6UUUZKI_3.PFTG4X+* O:2P1B-4\I

M
W7IFBQ%3$RI-WLUY?\
M!/-TL[PG:



M!&W[

=/






M8#9P3GM4C:OIB0I

MX'7]Y\Z!?8.H'_ C77:-+#XFT;PO=*?W

?JE &Z==T@/
M(AU6QW1



M+B^M+01FYNH(1(P6
R2!=Y/0#/4U6?7]&C



=LG]K#PAXOOTUE6BT?

3G^#G)!/')H [*74+*&R^VRWEO':;=WGO( F/7=G&*KR:_
MHT20/)JUBBWEX6:X050
DKSR


/H8FS^% 'K3:KIZ30PO?VJRS@F%#
H:0#K

4EE^T)MC8=0QS@'ZU6AMX+_Q FJJPD2WM/*MW



MU)X]6




MRG((/0@TZL;PD?\ BC-_PP?;_^BUK9H **
BJ\DLJWL$2(IB979V)Y&
8Q




MI?VK^7/;RCAQW5AW!]?H17VYFO._BA\
+/QUIYNK41V^MP)^YG/ E']Q_;T/




]
M


M5#L Q_[YS^=(9T1O[-9DA:[@$KGH9!N8^@%6*CD@BE15D165&#*.A!R#^E
M29H *AN+RUM#&+FYAA


Q!WAD=%
M !SC&'/;TK*U66?Q?X/DG14D=+LL@.0/W0H ZY65U#*05(R#P12U7MY97D
MN%E156.3:A!^\NU3G\R1^%6


M10! +VT-I]K%S#]FQGSO
&S'^]TJ9'61%=&#*PR&!R/6NT/_DBDW_8/NO_

7.L0V)+Y.8G7)88(PW;N
M.* .DJ*:X@MR@FFCC\Q@B;V W

MB@N8+I6:WGCE56*
8W# 
.H..]2UR/@/_F9O^P]=?^RT ==1110 5$EU;RSR

\4:K/HN@37]LL;RI+@$@)7#RJAZ$=F-8^D8_P%


M+OQ+J$W



5CK5JT7LLL\;%?^
M^MQ_&NHL)98?'GC.6!%DFCLK-HT8X!8)*0/SH [6BD'2ER/6@ HHS10 449I
M





M

MC7C9^ESC+^Z2RN]%VZ@MF9;C4X8[J5
K&[%0I(/OQ[9K.TSPOX@L%OHKV&26

BS)C'W^O'/!P?FSVXI?$1))=





MPRM_2J$8N7U]BYC-SYBYR!MWX^3IVVIS[@X[4OBJ19_$]E!(KO#;6K2.B=6
MLBH!_P!\++^M


MO9&BW'D$16S





MF09^[R

=MD:_4[J]-5@ZAE.01D&O.Y(K:.-HWC9
MB&6

K!@J
QC?/MY9_\ '
M7@GY_FO^ :U%%%

1K)M2N-9L-1T]SI]TJHK
ZE95* 

 Y'/J!3_  MI=QHO
MANTTRYF
60- ]]+)
M:(.D4#



MT?5-*O\ 1#)'+&/LY
B8#&

F



M)99G!T_5X$7RAT#E&CD;'KM_F:Z:1IH5=HGB)_@?&1^1(_6JMMJL%UJM]I

M]6E\-BU\.M';:;J*%XY'A)%LJX_OGC)^[DGBNTM;XW%U/;O:SP/$JMF0+A@V



_[/N_!UM;:8+RTTI9%NIB(_F!
MB8#AB?G.<=LUZ!10!E1?:+#4[/3K'3(TTHPR/)
KA1$^1M4+[Y:L35= EE\

M;ST_U\;MYB\
3B

M:F.^L=-GMKB[=XV

EN\.A
M0M]&N6'\3?[/H/Q//26^BW*2ZO8Q/&'CJ7Q#IVGZ)I\+0:?;0PK(HY:XF6-4
M+G';Y< ?Y'HWPP^$%WIVHZ?KGB/2UN(GBDD6T?:3 ^4\LNI(R2YQVP


M2;4+=HZ 3SQEO.R


&W*





MU75[G3=




'N
C'
MTK?HH H7


QR
G4THC.KE0


[6QTI-:T/7KK4
M=UCIZPV]G/9-9&)XPYB5B9E8DY&


MMSJ

%561T








9*?
01@JYQWSGJ:[^B@#SD^%]2AU*
MUDCTP%(?$CW^]'C&VW:
C(RP/7&1[5#)X=U% )9[%8W'BS^T(_


M$/7/H-N
+'EO<!Q@[L#Y0.
CJ?4UZ?



=]K/CVPT_3()
M;E].M([:-41=K




)Q-

MI-K#3;07'_(/.##Y?^MZ$KN[8QU[==W&ZL

M

M(Y( *.M4:E177PK_ #9W


#&3C[OZ?6O/9=7EDZEF ^55'.1SD+MSGWV!L#((7%$6M7
M
4N^*:0
23N3^(Y.



MYO\ K]36\&
/L.IQCHFIW)'T9]X_1Q725R/@^=/M^HVZ JK)#
 3U(#0
?\

DGB;5)89Q$T4FT





M4-14F
1S[]3CG'&6C
M+%P<)*#W27Y+OH8J1;YY88)UM?.C8;B_J5*[3D<$!(_P5?[U:W@JZ
UGJ
#

M@=

?P3(;*UM4U)!';ZP




M2$L]O/=2AY(
LXF.=K'=_#P![#H* %\!2QP?#S2YII%CBC@9G=C@* S$DGL*

T36[V
M[31Q[#M;/.




T6G

5FVG@866IZ7


M1)=(7?#N8!P/WA.X9.1TQ^- '9*P=0RD%2
@CH12UE:3IE[I\TAGU
W-N888





M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *Y;QI=F$:9K!7
[



MO&F:A%*Y +0S*R
5'8]R.?3@GJ.E.;PE=AW

MP
J0VQB(/J@4=?I[G_Z_ J[JHU/[=N0XCC:0..G/Z_YZ$
X'6J*5E+3S_X








M'23DY/0]27ZD.*K7/A__ (2/4[&P2799Q%VFF0K(V\D;D7G)QW89&3SDYR&E
M*


MM=D;.I^9BN.-@_X%Y@SGLU:_@NU


M (DVKVUV^

=?6
M1!_




=H9OAG:K&W?\]/U
%6
M

M &T=.& !QGH/QI'756W]?U\CFK$;?$&A;D
?[_5#L /R\KQZTS5/$0N+IK?2


'D([E3IZ3J/
M6VG;=W^[L;R^)I+2#RX[I\)AGD:
#CUQT P.!W_6I9/%
=Q');ZG:0W




MQ'8]
!
%PO)W<*<C/.#6AHGAI/#Q\


Y^R+]FC)NFR-GR]!OX^;KTQS

M0_:?&5OFZ:Y%G%

M_&;^5==31R8M_O.7LD%%%%!S!1110 4444 %%%% '+^-4(M=/G0E94N'16'4

+3[<?V<(
M6,K71&\2AB/EV<$;?7O0!T-%4]/U*WU))C2'@E:&:-OO1NO4'\#]*N4 %



M_/-.?T-2_










+-EY+;=_M)S^IJS&VY
YS[XP*35]1IV/
M./@UX)U;P?X;D.K7DOFWA$@L
*6'4RK_
M 




MEU75KKQ!INL3Q/?:7J#0#9#C
7520/QYH [


W02




MWI\F/
9[ 
YVY[$#-=
B!;:W8J(%;[M^H!:?/08'S?-_7C!VFDCU
1:_S?\




J&!8



MDDI)DQ_P(G X['C'H*;J5_'?:MX8*

T*8(
M/EIOP#U!89CISQG\*X_PIK-WJWC_1?/8)+CY(E^ZO!_



M2#DCH

MU];4QRVTU[+YUM


MS2]M8-1M;DM'-97$0+/C'*D#@G/N


J0+%)_OI\C?JIKFDMI9;B2.!%D::
HGG*#







FI



(%/^

M;Y[@GG\Z '\K_P ]4]
C=_B:3YFZF1O8#8/\:-K#HC#TV/D?D:1EE8@?\

 <C!_O+T/Y]Z4'RU+O


R


96



M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 AZ55)B#;2MMNZ;2
MW/\ *K3?=/3\:K!\+M\U



MZ9?Q#?SS3VX8



+J80[U4D(Z
?O+MP
^WN
.
'/(/



MUFG10UV%#JT1#8..H.WJ0/Q(H [29TAB:68*$4$EI6_D!FJFC:M8:_I
&J:5



^5(R/F(7(YXR!Q

T/D^;N'E;



_RKGKOQWX9@
2IJ*79D8C;:LUUMP




C^%KNUA;$UYLM$^LK!/Y
36]


M3(BP[0(]L*#Y2


G\3U/09I'K1I25'VJC?IOJM
M?/O]XR;5;AMS/N]22V

J
E2#SR



M5=K/3S_0LZ!^Y\.Z7+=-]C@%K'FX0;2
J

7J3QS

M*#EOFPSY'1L





?PSGUZ?_ %AA:SXDM+6..62ZWLF=TFS!DZ8



  \?S  ZM&


3










M6B@84444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%

D#GJ3T/]:H_8M<[:I8@^OV*3_X]0MIKVW#ZGIK^YTY\_P#HZ@[D [4


M6

9AT/]G/_ /'J:++73][5; G_ *\9!_*:

M2%5503WP !5?['KP(*ZM8#V-@Y!_.;-.-KKO)74=


EL7S_ '@#AORJR++7






TZP$FIV\%A*TDAQ*/F.2&5@P(SV(K4TKP+IUCXGGUZ62\N=GE6L7DI



)%;!1Z$ ?RH!9N$=\#_GDH _
]?PJG]EUWJ=1TPMZ_


=2TRQNG(VE[NT4MCT#8_




M=4L5/K]BD/\ .:GUUW #ZEIKD=SIS__ !Z@X#_  HV/:%0?S)X_E2[BO#2

H ***
M* BBB@ KBO&WEC6]&:<L(/)NO


MHUO

MCV/]ZMZ\\_;;O?/$XR/):V^7:_'S$MD;1Z]/8\4CHJ;K^O\ A_P.!U71EUR[


MA




@Y']._
M7\

MB0WOF&3/RYVL








M
?



&653#)/-'*Q0B9F+G:H3=
P

M0OS_ ++E/3Y*]0Z4(QQ;M!+S_0****9YX4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !


MVC.AR72 \2VKK(K?3!S^8%/TGX



@G]Y]WK
MR
]#QTJ2V\1Q77BF\T!;*[6XM(4GDF;9Y15R0N&W9.&_A[5@:W9S74.EVMK
M8ZH]O;ZS',\CN_F&/#%G#$[@H+@#G/!P,HH;:_T7QMXCU*UTN^N89-.@CMB
M[L_FRH7RNYB2!\XYZ=: .NL=:LM1OM0L[:3?/82B*=?0E0P(]1R1GU5AVK'M




MFB^&Y=;N;&[:*&
2RP1^694'?JP4X]B?QJIXVAO+_P 

Y\3I::



6D:O9+*_'SQ7B*8T;'^ZRGZQBM&PL-3.EZ7:W\














6FWT5C9

JL%(55$A^\Q?MQ@9)X&0#0B\56=WI-CJ6GP3WUM=R+&#!L!

Z0ML)]OR

7$H)#2QPJ
XR\CJBC/;YF%/L+U+^T%PBE06=









M#!S@CL000:BTNVO=-\2ZEJ
UC
;;6$@G8J0[6TJ1A#&P')& 



Q[8Z^V.:Y







V
'



ERHK6LK+S#\VH

@XW$D=ZZY
MW@@62*[NS9

7UO+-




-P P<CH!G/7'.:1Z%9MZ
M^O\ 7_#Z'.6R7Q!H:,?,#3ZH3GG[OKS^=7+Z\T_1GW1SR
SD+Y


M!8]?E_



M-I&5&%RV1ALY]




M[T7




L$L(DDM7 8J=Q()0@CGE@/IS2)J


M'8 ^@YD]]N3M&7OI_P!73Z?Y];&V=66YT.2YAO9;W2YI$6*:49EMI-P_=RCM
MG^^
[N

UDW5BXU'0[L!
M'CD^[-$P#;''9MI!!Q_4#K])TVP+?Z$K/!J;-=6ER[99UP-T+'KO0YZDY&3V

EI^MUW77OOW-#1-9\1W5IC5=.MM24G!8($YQSEC\IXZX [UT


M;:9T:

MCTZ#U/;S'P-?7&JV]W=W!5I9=3@+\#&T12# SQT&.?QKT=GM8G87[31DJ/*^

M?&+5I+#3;_2Q#965W)(CIM$ERH0KD\_* 0W''4&@#W.LO4/$NB:7$TM]JUG
MBOL8O
.&QG&/7':O!KN_U?7+[6=3$NHZKX?6UD\J.XD
:Q





!6YL)K6-KJ;45\M


MM5=70
C!E(R#D&@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

MB

M\N!TZ'U&!G%C


MQ7.+N#^&*YBWR

# 8






M^


'J:1


M77_#QM(/BZYCL/#$^GO%0+EKEY!@X.#D?
.1@GCI7'6


O\JIEL2\\YZ[NO;'' WOACKW_C9[:.W5+.*4VBD_-I(R,]\\$Y[],
M#BA$8N,Y4:EVW9=]MNVC_P CVJBBBK/DPHHHH **** O!OB-ITE]\4UMBKJ



KD1&X#
D1AB5#ZD29([G=CTH%!)Q49;22?H^

O@






M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

MIY9&.$7(!$?!#.




2!@MG)(!(..U RIXDL=;TOQFUQ:V9TV#5'6&%+)MEO(I 7



M'0D;N2
&2;S&W$%@
M2, XP.!U]<UQ=_I6IZ!X)\16/B6S%K+)/#-IZ0VV^(-N(?#*I11M(ZD'\:]Y
MD\3:'!%:R7&K65N+J)9H1/,L9=#T(#$''-:92QD':Z

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KG?&-

M7+5B_/\ X'ZG
22R&2*2\8/)+$LL@@())(!PHQ][]T

S*QP[/B5
9SSR  .I(^E=!
M'L41_9H_LTN#YETP CF ^\%;WQD''')]BCMJQM;^OZ_$Y1+VTTS4-&O)I/+M


MU-;^)KJT8F*XF0*264Y  YP2& VC ZMM![$XK3;P@LL?F:;=P72H/E\F0;D)
MSEAV!/Z^E4W\.26Q8R0O!'#F0


MSAI2.[.QX^H''-:&OWL6B^'F6%F6_P!87Y4/!M[// QV
A&3[=:9I$8T&RN(

MEW-Y'!%;\'%KB52^/[S

8
M]



MB9$L?D'0RG[WX*C'].];GPHTZZL?B%=6\\+*]M!)'*0


MFF#+B+;L.WU^8E
KC+=L;1A



MNB?9

M8(&0*Z2UO9VN8)]4D1;JR9KB_D0\(%G)6




W' D




U7W?EI]



$RO!/%JT*LC!@P(CERIQR
]/QKTAXP]O*1 9)
X





[;7(]2O=4\0W7AZSGDCC66ZCB+QP

M/7CKZ/X&\&V7B.*VUU=-O-$M95D2\MH[R4K?C(VYW'=MR&R


G! X)S=+T76KEHM
M\W2K.[\.SB6VM#:MY=UE&5+AF5@1NRXX!PP;.[H.MT3P\(SJU[JME9_:]7=7
MN8HQYBJHB2


M7IS6G965MIUI':VD*0P1J%1%Z    ?D /PJ9Y$BC:21E5%!+
QP !W)H YJ;

MW (%!!R
YKH(]:TV76Y=&2[C;48HA

;


-@YSDX^

V/WK!BIV$ #CJ16_JVIWFE:OIVFZ#']MDCA_?Z:


+<D;PX4?.!G+EL[L8YR




XG0$;;

M$GK\G7IQCC) SRVGR6SZ7:P0I!
B1JCLLI82HD:HPP.@PB@GN&]C75[-D4)
M1MY#P;XJ

VO'1[%6
8-YJ#L0QP
MK(3C/4GWJYHOAJRMH72.U9R#RBMRPQU)ZG\,8K3M#XAT(M)N'GZH2YS_L^O


M!L=+BBDQC.W+'..
\D\X[]J3Q5JTK7L]G=KLTJS@6ZOBK??'58L^KMQCT!]:
M;)XNFM+:


M&
MU&H

C ]T9 .
M#C*XP2V







'D.S
M#.T+J6C7GKMD'E'_@(ZFZ?-'%

M)[E2/-=/??YO_@I:;6TZF]JL=M)X9U\F,@MKN,33/&N#*V87(4D#')D&.Y



=?LEUJ6SZY83

8;CQ'8V]T&V-#

MZ3H5K-J#K:V=T!*UE;?(]TIY5..0F
$NQ).['.*BT^74;];K5K6W@@DDD=A.


MI);=6EP
[) P;(Z






M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 8OB
MG73H&BRW$

M&YAEN0$N97 1@

M6*)%CBC4*JJ

9%9]SH=O+XAE\/V*EK&(174UA
QC%N'9@L]I(N6





@T/4M+TOSM+6_=I)9K60APYQE@3
MG'3&!QBN





'=@;B
@


MH;ZSAN[:0203()(W7HRD9!H$34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110





 ([(3
MJ[)I=K)+\_\ 




#2]-%C;2ZG?1/--MD9@EP
MJR1#8/FQR=Q

LT;2HH+*JA]QR-X;;M/
M!!YS6KJ(E.KWH\LPZBDU\(T2,%)UAL8'&=I'LP]^H4O=7*G=O=_HNMN_GJS
M6OBD\-W;&2(VPMKB*VG8G]R%@B!!QT&=Q(YZY''5-/9[@1EU(N[$)_:*LX)D
M46S





M4?





\=:J36L%K#]J8A;(2/$H)#2/

+SVZ
ES/;O##
V
M-DS%6EY&
Y*9'JP;CG%
XUH[7_K?^OF81N+PVKWL(D_M&ZLG2WCC&T0B6X*@




M5;N2VEMX(=-=92&YAC;S-D:9ZR

$GL

9/(N9I/+




-S9XQVZ9#
9M:IO\



\181GY-R






40




IJQQWQBMZO&_C!J%CJ.LVNAR:K)97-K;/=0;$RKSD?*CMD%20I P#]



M 

MYK10X9F484D#@KS_OC5[V*YU:'P\U\]G)=VSRJ\3!9&D#$@\\D]
X''K
M6=K_ (4;4?$&E:I8:K)8ZU9Q
JSM$)%GB!&Y9%!7(RW;'4^V #E]5GUK7O#^

LK76=)U6-YKBSU2

-WN
C@

M42'





S6P(0_

M!7/^
M'N=8\-W
=A.UMJ



M.AY&#4/@G4M-L/'275KXCB%@K_8K;3I%=28I6&S9U&
L&.3D$'/K0
]\HHHH
M$%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


M29]$N;3^SY(]][$]L2P9POS@(Q[J

M
@*.54B;&\8QGN






MDT!%DTEC



_MAQSGHP!YSQIVD2/!;Z@Z^?8SR1^3Y9 D5_+E1E88S]Z3(7MD

P6X6UA

NR_P#9.H0N
W4UG(UX$7 :
M61

MQC:%O#@DJ.WS


?$P
=9U.T5R+BXB26%

MI


M6)/L8QST^9B.M='I


L)CVV]^9F^RS?V1KB-
@QP <F@ZXS3ZV_#[M-G\_/;6Q;
MJL=WJ1:&<,-%AB$2,=T7R1;8%)_B+9+'!QQ[BETRRGEEOIT@MDB;3XPS[\9



MS30


9/!]*Q?$_
MAW4;O6[+2-


Y ^X%.WC/\9R3VT=-ECF^+&H20Y\FY^V







D4FY
MIH^?F89X/3TZ].





M_I74TBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#$\8?\B?JH[&V

G@_657[WV*5A]0A(_E


M-K\
)HHF4&(


M;Z_

[#AH]OG1,ZE@W7&6D))W
M ' Y(K.NIKS5M'O;?PY=PF2&[CN(_LLRPR%#YF[?]T9W
N 



-AL\L
'^(?-BI;U83.&%I?6\SVGEFWN8G2.3!*[
MO


]NCJVGL25)\M



V/QS)@42:<2\N!IB16SBYB#H1(O&<@



MX'G@MO\ 





!G:?*5PK?[(=P/QKGM0X:6TNU2!+;3)7\QU



23G# <=#CT!9YU*;B[R_+T_/7^F<K))&_C1_#<6G
M1R1QR!O-D4RL\BH,.P.5D#;TX!SDGK9LRMR9(69IVL+8M/J
Y!
#9+$Y)XS


H-\<
M9#JOEQ \R


3DGYN1R SBTY.WE_PW]=?N54Q9


M-+5Y;N46
AZ<55O&N;XMIT.I1QR//#:A

XG:*V=8+:&V8D2-*$; ;@M\QX;' :F<M;WH+6]MOU_%]^@S4)_,U
M.1UT[4;R2T\N6WAQMCW_ '8D;22/O2=1QC/3%
U/3M0&A2:191WRWTZ*LKA

8)0[1D






M_87UNT2_]]XV_K6M;ZII]VH:WOK693T


6%CDMHI2'P


MRVNOQ/09]1L;92T]Y;Q*.\DJJ/U-9$GC/1_

5F\^I2YQML(&F'_ 'T!M_6N

YE P!\IR6
M4=3R![ITHNPM-;W?X&K-XON=C-#ID,84@$7=\BL,],K&)*JCQ7K/FLIL[

M$B^J2 C]#3+G5]-LU+76H6DCJ99E7^9KSZXLK.8SNUM'N+YC66S@D#)R&W




0#*(EW[&X:/@?/VYZ=VQP @H*5&

YQD_89X






8J8-=38E



OXHQUFA1;F
?\  HBQ




MO&*\_NBEU#



MOC2RC -]8ZC9H?\ EJUOYL7_ 'W$67]:T[37]'OE!M=4LYL]DG4G\L\5R@)2

#KD#(



MVW3[Y 0B Y;OR?QKO:XWX:Y_L\R=.*_;I-ATP 6^W:N-@';'XYSGG-=E09
MA2
0$)+;0!R?2EJCK+6BZ)?M?Q--9BWD
\:J6+IM.X #DY&: *_ANPFT[1(H


MH-GK
&E:WI
D=U UU)Y23%ESA7[



M&\)1?4*^=WY\^M SW.BLK4]?L]+\.OKDBRS621+
3NYMAQ\V1Q@YK@_$?Q



M*_CB:_C_ ++EMUMY
B4









0OKB*)AC\:H#+



M%JE27V?O=RS#XLU7
?FV-@PD.$)FG@SCKCS(0#^=6T\8QJ;G2KY4'WI;4+=
M(/J8BQ'X@5G8N8]Y#E?(/)[0Y/\ #U'MP).1@@57G1MB)-;(0K+. Z%F'RXR
M.IGIT 'JN
4![*E)_#]S.HM/%.A7W$&JVN__GG)((W'U5L$?E6E]JM]N[SX
MMOKO&*X2[=+@7











MOD5AGIE8_
-5O^$KUE961K.PRJ[V4K=C^N[R,8Y'-1!KB1RHZ7!+E
+-R3

7BZX
MHTVE+(&ZSO(Y&/T5]C'\JLP^


\2P6]G:2NT5NVTQ841P11%&P/FS$@P


M?9-6\

9*




M_EFLX(T7S[IQ%.\A!6Y4E'$@)POF8!!&!DJ#[;%K9W]SH5M:RQ7K:G9PH8C(

MY]3NKF[CTNZ^UQJLCL8HPTT759!F/F1 0I3/(R 2

MMI5)
T;;3N885FPS*%R220#T!/$?VQWOU5KZ[*W#K]GB=SMAEQ]T.&'RN 0

*AU8V&LC3E$[SPWD4S(MWN_UR! 2.1R-A&.C-CGFF8\O--.2T_KO
M_6ABV'A=-/O]1L5U&*X6YM_+1#+ 
597VDAC@8;(!''6H[2:XBMUMY]01Y=

M@HC@@8Y /H




:U

EK(2K K
8[W3QA-O











M
V.NW!U4A=] *W)#*VG+&85.6B#HZ;5!/R?=Y9C[=FJM!
AFL'N!BR@M[6:



X*@HA4YP/NA

'V)]*PFMIM)@B336CFNK6XE^T7-R
1V\32R$G&?FZ'OV!( -
Y87EOO\


MV56
DW[ME4F2=MVTA.F%&S[YXQ@*




$CQPD69 
CJ0!@@5Q\LI



:P@AM
M0(W731NPTRC[7J#CIDGD)GV/%!SUIIO2WY_UI9?-]BG=6
T5U]JG6&ZU-F\N







GWPD\!5  .




#)
;6/
Q.;!

MFLQ*1N]F5 M^3DW&3D \$'A?0 @]



9U02(6/ *!AO0_)TZY)'8FA[E+B2:Y$/RW
2V


M'B+W)T@_







MENG'3L12K%$FPM&_GHY:['0F 9QGL1]PX'HW7D'C8_'.CRS;8=?U)I78; FG







MZ

XP.




UBY^USRZA&NG7$F7

5[U4
MU+X=?$/P_J

MVFY*!=Y P H_A4=A[D]230
R_%=G'8?#'5[*(DQV^E21)GKA8R!_*N)\!:/'
MXJ^$%MH



S7$TSD[B!RV.@&!V].]9'@?7[WQ']KUVWM8X]
NK
MQH5MD/SJ% _?






PM_#6JS$X$=G
V?HA-?*[Z



MO\SJY9ENA=-&A62_79;







M.3[27+-W;[

#G/OS7&_\)[HCR



M9
Z;GT]=MR0

M7
1^((KF

].#@8SU


MKB#&1*,\#!X)! ##^[UQ@GACX[T1)!NU_4@R'D-8KR=Q/S#OR:LVOBSO;0


:H%^T^(@!QDZ

A(TU/*DV\[R1MRH[]/YCJ#36?; MNT
M2







A(]/%+EJNW;_ #\GI_PY/8ZHDL(CO-0E
M\II/*@6Y0J8)1G



$8W4SBFN2=]OZ]/Z^9S5A#)YPU
M#3X[=9Y?WLMFEPDBO







MI*00P+&RS/'/I]TQPV0I782




*

M+F:1;:&%WS&659!&NX
LDA!!#=0P+#C.



MZ1Y;K-)&8XD%I;P
\7S
(VW


MD*H]
#C'4
2.295&WS(XX'()!P1EL<GG(]LA'H5.9/EEY6_K^M2MIZQG2'MK

B2U=_\_P#A]V^U_(2:Y


[37Q4$3 8B@!*!WZ@9608
M3&?FZDDAM&ZN;8WL-Q).-D.C?:OGC^]@DIO7C.

0H[ECC@ XL



MB60C
MRBXW;.
*N41?3&?O8Q5'RI+::TMYBFGZ=;VZ3S0YW23#_688=3DE5^
M;:I/3%7[JWN+22S$C+



M7VJ2D!KM\DH&SO(&  7!ZDXV'-:RKXB1Y1:++:+(/LME =ML'7'S2;/E[9/3







M9K3O);5M

3*JN\C
M738E[[VV.=L()!V_Q'DXR
 4VV^9NQ;@P7T9L);-1,GDQ3)&K376,+LC55;
M9'VZ$\$9[-Y9;
V*
MV]1TB75/233(



Y)]1GO6=H






:#
MI]NZ[DY*ZLE^K_'\CMM5GFNT\NW?*%=Y;/'X_F/SKRR3PE]M^(%I9-'_ */=
M2EI0IX&W)<9[9QP??VKTQ+-=-\,00+(SIM1DD9



)E-QAORI_CI^5_O.MM-
M;:^T@S1
XD#F

/F '3TJIXKW65A8Z:F0L,[D0XRW
MM[_XYHL52Q


'!38Q^^#G('KG_O/





MI+ZQ@\@X


'Z97VKJI[%
M]3M]/B1/

MI;^.2^L-1CC4O


3(
*R


M LH/%%Y9W6NR+=IJ#)!8R1NRI;.VX;7Z _.3MX'ODU[4^?[7GABP6$11.X!


1M+O4&D8_:7./F] N]0%([$^M>\5\P:%'KD&
MC:E=:AKTNC:=;7LR30EVDNPV\1A>#E0S8Z
KD#'OUY

0Q@8.


M\0+X4U2PN;B:V1=05BK+$


M?1^






+LS:HXW9CC8HN3\

*KO _A8KR..V




M&2


MP& ] ?\ ..:YGP7IUWI?A_7-8MX
ZD&^PVK





M3;V*/+S-





MK_8K9SQY:9P[9[?Q#/J% Y(KH? NH7^EP0Z-J



M'6N

MP;?ZQHEY)%J5TLT%W


M.



M3TW4_$%CXGO=7NY%:&])\V(2;C#C/EY XP/N'!. 3FNPM8GTZ37K[;AF=(HF
%TB$OF+CRH3G.8@?E!]<#:.

MRQ'&2T[91$7N6/;^7H

PFG6.*4X1
5?E_7]:JXEU'=W-U+J%Q8RHR^5)=/&BR*?\
MGE.A;ON\


 C'K6K +4Z
M/;VRQ*9)/



BFWNT(6Y^RRKQO(^;:
@
?^!@8Q747&B6

T9C+

@1%E3D
MNUD7OV&?X:Z'[9OAO+JXB

B_


JD$#$;@9R
C(SP&K(FN;-;_6V6Y06TEI

M2.I%
X)0MJEK_P -^KL-UN!]/33[N.:.:'=YT2\139=N ?N_,X/\ N]NX
M-1+B_B25R+Z(I/#.HR'@-PJE6^H9/JY[9-17L\FD:/;BQ@

9X^]QWS@\KP GRQN

P' K1\&:F)KW3X'64RS

+($




*.[$LW%!FZ51O5V1
MO7\ MK:YD1$_=8ECD.
 L6))XQ@!F !( !/(Y*X+6\

M7#YW;FQ\V29.


YX%V
WLEK
+V

D?


QQG.=SDGJP7 Y(%8KV1F:-?['U64S/Y@CE?:)L$_O)SL^4#




M7W]ZQ/&DI:X
8+[(HA]SEAG)R!^73TINGN]Y9Z9([

M*H/$=]#=WUQ:@%)XXEE0CJ\9)7(_V@1@^NX#'/#//HTW&JEO:_YF#I:N9B-@

M-5TZ?J:GBN1?L


M''& 3MZ9#-Z4
K^Y1=SN[B&!?L:W/F F




<GU/R_K]:2.O%IR48KU^XOVDEK%X:N'MGE;;$1\X

ZCGY


<C).P!AD$GU_ ']*9RU(.7-+O^


CY7(X'IQT!]

+[YY)*\$E

%/4A



 0.A/!]^?K69:7<FHZ<D\S








5[T(Q77]-36T9[.&SN7@


?C[9/$ZH\=T(+JV;=!
@=







XD

*$YX.0?I7M?PUOKJS#:9?6





MNQ.0K%2 P['@G'YBO._%&A^(=

M=AC/#F@#TZ*6.:
212+(AZ

MA0@


MLOV:VMU(2.X1RNPC*$M@GB3/\.*;I;:?'X4U?PO#X=DO[Y+FXM0D-IA)D+$Q
M2O*0% VLO);.02
?3H[BRMYHH$CMY<W<C.BMN2(_ZP?
1



=\\ @#F]5T#4)]-TZ74=*@T1-UL9+A/LXGY!#





M6@:5BC

M5+%M@#8QD\X/Z_G[YKB]3DBNXH+N _N)P'4
.QX*GW.3&3VW
?X:&3A5:K)G

2,^6\<SQN!R(W4\-MYR<88#G@D9Y J[H&ZP\/ZC?)&(#%
M4BD-Y3$  !NX7H..@SSNI'7+3#\JWV.ID%@OB.
EY1
021CY


9?B
+5WNLK8_;[(S-,K;\?NP


LV)  1UP!^8Z^

S\&Q9


M_-4

\9$3!
MW20*-WE2*V&_(@



MSP



M01SO$[ VUR-0A9K=^\9PN-I)Y'/!!QR00=]/Z_S_ *Z=4=/I
\5A;:M'=+YA




BVT[#H^PC
M


L:*5^S:&VEA\ZV$PVR6KQXRFXCDY
MB!*Y!Y/!!+..P$=L2FD7%G'%*65





LC$9:)9&*







MGKJ
6WTV4W=\KVCQ[X5B*K\A .6)QC)8G&,;1GGG(9.4
MDDNGSU_#7[QE_(@TO[/<:JUA*L7[R[5E98D8#+?+M&2<JI SSD#%-&RQ@MY
M);E+:+RR@\I9

B@#O_ 'NO!I&]&HX[







9/!

M;\NVISUM!IKZ@?MT^FKJBE1%#;07$RVZ@9Y!8*




O[Z*
$1R.81<K%$&'!=-I7) /!.-O<G

9S@] =31?$



M@J_=1]UOPY%:;Z#IWB$_9[UO%MQ-;2

MF2ZLHO%L





+
MQ6$GC*VCW_
?;

MXP1@X^E2:;X3L-*9I=.'B^V\S@F.:V7/3J




\0RW%

KB-9
O&TMNV7Y&=H/S'Y2



/



]!CM57Q-XDC'Q$VQW!-G
M:QK9^86S]WJV?4






CF^M(K:5GM@ 

M
V@Z')K]II&HWEW))8/;K?&V*H9T# ?/R&X )VX)[YKM?AMXPATJUT:VN;

M!!5/5-

MINJPZWIAT^]@MM#MH&CFL17(&$VMV X_+OGAEMK]TL^N/JFERV-AIQW171

*2S!0


.A -)+I5A-JT&IR6L;7T$;1Q3D?
JGJ!_G

M[1H/LP4Q%I%(R 6'0 YX_G6TNF6*:F^I+:0B^DC$3W 0;V0






BO2].A;4;=Q/$%A:

)(A\0(XHIRUE9



M_ NMRW&GB
*CSPN 2PR5.


/*G)=6[[:
M=K;W_P=-JFARWNE0F




T-Y/XT

0!P?G )[9QFLE?A_H$;!EM/%*LJ^8&$EKP 

MH5L.TW/=I+1?COU?X':6MJVIV4Z3)MCEB
2J.  1C_/OFN#N4UJT\6V6A6]J
MD?VC;]GE9
F%#]_CH=A#8SG  [&NECT^50B1WOC8 \*//MP.N.
M


M)4LD
_\ HD(6U23=TV]&S[-GGTS7HVDR37KJ[1*D:98A!@$G_P#5^GY\=_PK

XY
MQU]J$:8ET)PC&F[65M5_P3 \5PZAX:N+:*TLA/:W$I2*.12VV7/&W!Z
-I*]
/3MG'09%=6VG32E%:]\:L2WR9N+;
M@Y(SU^4Y!ZXK!?P#H$I



C^^OIQ8L-!ATRW:WL9O&4$




TR?SM/7Q;;R.


MD'AL&M(6T@0.-1\;!3W





%)SR2.#ZU8MK5HKQK*\A\
LL;DM;L!).K$ '8J1_


:[:R*L9GVK
M&P0


MD36FDQW5CI$]T$D4L@D$:

$99MQR0%49([ ]Z#CWDN_K^.NS+L+J^G
L=Z;
MB8(LKW)9$68* 1(-Q*@$#GOP

R
MS-<3
M6L<D&HQI91(6G\\@-&5QR#@I\K#:V,8QD$'DL2;BW;K_ %T3^[[F9]C+6^N

MB08.U6SE#C Y!TDO=.O-=$']I?:+J)#OCFA\F2UXRSQEN&0CDKEACD9%5O%3

M([BXDE1B(P&\_P G&&

M8Q_$4=&_WXP?XQGFUMIG9I$ \UG.XI]W=(NPR#_98M;N/]XXZ5V

M$;





M2E;2WF1XU0 
!7G]U:FX#+*9HHG(#([B%
MISV8L^9)3]$QZ 5UGARXG\
(=/6W80.V^9U\TQQ KW=F10_LHSQCD_=#IQ%&



FC2%(0




M':0-AMP[XV9 '((%5S
#!1ST^]M.3P!Z\Y#?I
M!#+#
=2TJT#M*9Y93)F1L8

MDF8

74DXPP .

M[ @D@*4X Z#'7#$\ 52UBUU2ZM(#IGB







M

3D8/^R-G3W'I60T

MVQ.T1O_  C/\ R6&
]1ZDY:7M^LS'SM


M!VR##+SA_F.3NCSZC[Q8^A'-21I*QDAMYXIC ID8JP*J, Y & 
]E[\[SF
M@'3ZW_K3^OFS=CMS


RV4@BCSSOR V6'
M

93_:8DEGD)B2%
MMK%FPT?48#;EXR3D[CDY^?C @
<%6F,+R1S)(ENWEM(K!
MMN1\N
C';&S&.BJ.:F

!+IOO_6G]
M?/T-6.


T
JJ)YO+?8-D!*/C/(8

#@  (!G!4=FP@.?IZ

!=X?


MS
FRA6Y#MUDSGM_L@QG]/[N3EB6=5(8 *IVMY@&Q3SPX)EN1RS!NG7/*&2


M_:H*5+S_ *U_KY(VR\66

C-


8#0?N)PN]F$GRHDL+F3D_


TGQ+H-KJ#


M=79%++RI(Y';B@!
2+#@
)$O)I(+N86WV15C



MNAGC:-QZJPP?T-34C




;L
4I;3QG<)6QD@=
MW^;Z^O&
U
+:WFNULXKD-;O&9RPP3NZ8]


?+C=Y6\CUS^


ME!(K[LYE/0 ^XZ(.

[HT8@(+!V^:/)[
2.3W)9OJM5UBW$HLS

UTDC:*-KM]DC '4QT$?!(S_=
M^;&




MZU@)YP\Q8;A)1:XRZ





M[@^F*Q4@X@B9I(O.#!O.@*(N#D L5

M'WOE(/H
!




M0R_5J/M$[ 

MX@'&
8V[3GKGCVK'2(O/;2DW*!MQ:0Q/$$ZX^9R
Y_V2OOFH1;YMP KEO-QY


\_P!_YB1G

M9K+\ZXR
!B7Y3;PS#.?W6.0

_[)[Y-!&G)($



M6X&0?X?FST(]<^HCLT2/)(%GEG:U92H'[G.%;;V)4*<X[]
8 QE@#/:X
IZ


LY-W9:_U^G6U[]-1W[A#=G2I;
MR2
H&N8FG:VBM.^YFPH[?=VC@\[150ZGI?G


'S#G/ORR8SQP15BTL8M5=I









M@ 8Y]. .3P/EY8#AB!D^(-#BW2W6GSQL4.?*)S\P/(Y[!P&/?* =J;X=\0%H

M#SD=

MYW

[_ (



MC?\ C[S_H.0?]^#_C1_PH^\_P@Y!_WX/\ C4V9]%+


MGK5*:S^QL%NXXXXFSY1E@4-%GJR1)$Y8^C.QSWZ9'=6GA.[M-X2ZB9&_@:.
M*/P2-?TQ45QX*GEA:

I\VLOS.-6XN-(F1_





5)Q4%A;WMO+&VIM']D@(-LEP^+A6'!+MG)7YLEO0
MXP!\M=?+X7O+D8N+R/ 7F)AC/]Y3SDGK\V0#S@\ 10^%]5A(A.I6\]HIR!
/:]H<-WK
T&FZI:-)'*T
5C(QB
M



MR0W

J;IJ+J*WFG?[[6^^YRUA:6-]::Q*M\DUKJ:K&


.$?=CA0
!0N 1QG/)-4O#_PRNM%CU-6U.*3[
M;&JKMB(V%7# ]?:BQE+'4'2YNS7Y=NWWZ&RWA/4KK9]HU.UAYV^3:&5USU

$+ZZD
M$EUJT47&T_9+-=^/3S)3(W8=
5UU%%A_6JBVLOE_PYA)X0T@H!=QSW[#JU[.

F#]-RYZ#O
MVKKZ*+%_6I^7W'))X.NIIC+=ZTZ%FW



M /CU-;0=;#NY?3YW=2I?S[F+@X[;WQT'Y#TKK:*+&GUJIUU^7_#')+H.MED8
M26$#(
!_.N9?7G&]



MK:QX]
1 -CZM6A%X3T)M_\ 9%G(_P#?FB$C?]]-DUL44$RQ%66\G^7Y6,U_
M#VBR+M?2+!E]&MD(_E51_&CA2+2*:P8]&LIWAQ_P%3M/X@UNT4$JM46TG]Y

_BIKK**+%K$U4K-W
M]=3FK_PT^OV$\6JB.TO'C
2WFFS



MMZ;-N#ZXKW7Q#X T+Q%;W



MC2%TSRKVQT]/+EB



M])E6X0#)7:-['(QSWSTH ]#?XM7=Y/H9V.DZ?JID!N)W
LD 1BNXC 4 L






/HRX-



DAD?]:T5\(Z*0/M5L]\W=KZ9Y\_@Y(_
M(5N446)EB:KZV]-/R_S



M7\(Z$6+0Z?':N?X[-FMV_.
BLR;P7
)?
MM9E;G=MOH$N
'V;Y7_ /'JZVB@
MN.)JQ^U]^OYG)'0M;02 &PE


M3:VSV+'HUC


M!G[:HW?F?WO_ #

M




M;R?Y?E8RYO#6A7 Q+HVGO];9


%Q);- S8Z9:%U'X[:\F\97TUSI6C6B\

2&+.8X^O)PB8&?6OH69#)!(BG!92 ?2O-[KX7W-QJ6B70U.$+IMO
M!4,1.\QMDGKQG-)H]/+\9




6





M.[]Q$(W/&

_
MO

M]





):*6VN;B4!OLY
OF*5;DA=


O\=223^=?0/B;PEJ.MZ0+TU06GF2%[ER&<R#LN<CCVZ5Q'_C


*[\_[

MGG'2M.+P9X;ANFNO[%LY+ESN:::

M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '__
!V0$!
end







begin 644 ex23-1_001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !( FT# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBH;J[M
M[*'S;F58H\XW






MYMNQMG8*TP8?*3G'R]2./UH OT5BQZ])

M5TFU)K3R75=S(DI(PSJ 6&.O?K[&@#1HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


M)VNYZYP.RK^9K7HH YXZ3=R6[0VMH$EN%E&Q^+8+M^X-O).TGMR:MWU75
M8[BYM;9HA8PHF)V$D[C@KSD!1^=:]% '

(/

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

-/N+821C=J
MFC^8_+!M].NTMQ2GP=

0Y*J))(QM1R2 K$$X/'TY%9NG:+J
M.G:



D=







C9@2!P





=*9;Z







%DCE3#

6\JY8N
M560
*.XMXU\A4:=EVQARR'@?-@'!!]![T :<
MMW<2:J]OT:0V\2RS
R%F8L3A1R


13P1@O$6


1I&W$3RJ#[!V

M_D:P5\*LGAN_M4CMQJ-T7W39.#(64$XXXQP.] &D/$MB;F*W\NX#R*I^:+&
MUF!94;T8@$@4T^)[#R5D19YR1

'Y3G/K52V\

Q<PO;Q0#
BD[C*22W']WGCO49M=0%W=WB6ML))HUA



72/9MQCH2




M@JW;^ZQJ6X\/R

3+


M5]3EL'L1$JD2S@2[Q]V/HQ^H)6I)-:M(QR)2Q:1 JKDED8*1]26 'UJMK&CS
MZI

M-&ZU7;I/VRWAE=BX01[/F5MVT@C/4'(K
;7KT1+
(D59;=VCCD0A@XE5%)Y^
M[AQ^57WTMY=)BM8PUHWG+*PBF+$?/N/S$9)[_6JDF@W)L[:%9E+Q6C1[Y&)_


AB4O';.& VCPJ!V<L&!QZ9'-0RZ/


DE%- &G:ZI;W=T]O&) RABK





M])G@ M82PM\?/(1&')SG@<@8QV--FUJ\L]-U 3*6]MPOE[%(5RR;AQGM\W?
MH*;)H-U
)+9WC\AR93
3E]YA\K&

M[.25[Y;MP#0!T$+F2&-SU90?TI]16T;0VL43
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 3 - GOING&#13;CONCERN AND REALIZATION OF ASSETS&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;In October 2016, we&#13;lost our ability to continue energy drink distribution, our principal source of revenue, after receiving an unfavorable ruling&#13;in our suit against Playboy Enterprises, Inc.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;The accompanying consolidated&#13;financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America,&#13;which contemplate our continuation as a going concern. We had a working capital deficiency of $37,994,597 and $36,177,119 as of&#13;December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and a net loss from continuing operations of $1,078,973 and $946,166 during the years&#13;ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, we had an accumulated deficit of $78,461,806&#13;and $77,234,267, respectively. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Our ability to continue as a going concern&#13;is dependent upon our ability to successfully accomplish our business plan described in the following paragraphs and eventually&#13;attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary if we&#13;are unable to continue as a going concern.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In the coming year, our foreseeable cash requirements&#13;will relate to development of business operations and associated expenses. We may experience a cash shortfall and be required to&#13;raise additional capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 4 - PROPERTY&#13;AND EQUIPMENT&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Property and equipment&#13;and estimated service lives consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Useful Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 33%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Furniture and office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;177,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;177,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5 - 10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Leasehold improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;997,714&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;997,714&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7 - 10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Production equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,886,267&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,886,267&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5 - 10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;53,209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;53,209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3 - 7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,115,090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,115,090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4,105,025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4,103,025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9,772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12,065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 5 - RELATED-PARTY&#13;TRANSACTIONS&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Transactions involving&#13;Officers, Directors, and Stockholders&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;In 2007, we issued&#13;a 10% promissory note to a family member of our president in exchange for $300,000. The note was due on demand after May 2008.&#13;There were no repayments made during the periods presented. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the principal amount owing on the note&#13;was $151,833 and $151,833, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;On March 31, 2008,&#13;we issued to this same family member, along with two other company shareholders, promissory notes totaling $315,000 ($105,000 each).&#13;Under the terms of these three $105,000 notes, we received total proceeds of $300,000 and agreed to repay the amount received plus&#13;a 5% borrowing fee. The notes were due April 30, 2008, after which they were due on demand, with interest accruing at 12% per annum.&#13;We made no payments towards the outstanding notes during the periods presented. The principal balance owing on the notes as of&#13;December 31, 2019 and 2018, totaled $72,466 and $72,466, respectively, and are presented in liabilities from discontinued operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;During the years ended&#13;December 31, 2019 and 2018, we received cash advances from related parties of $84,987 and $203,380, respectively. Additionally,&#13;related parties paid expenses on our behalf totaling $(77,180) and $241,734 during the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018,&#13;respectively. The advances are non-interest-bearing, due on demand, and are included in current liabilities. Total advances from&#13;related parties were:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Related party A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;106,018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13,758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Related party B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;632,637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;734,875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;738,655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;748,633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We have agreed to&#13;issue options to Iehab Hawatmeh, our president, as compensation for services provided as our chief executive officer. The terms&#13;of this employment agreement require us to grant options to purchase 6,000 shares of our stock each year, with an exercise price&#13;equal to the fair market price of our common stock as of the grant date. During the year ended December 31, 2019, we accrued for&#13;6,000 stock options relating to this employee agreement, resulting in 30,000 stock options as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.&#13;See &lt;i&gt;Note 6 &amp;#8211; Other Accrued Liabilities&lt;/i&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Note 14 &amp;#8211; Stock Options and Warrants&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 6 - OTHER&#13;ACCRUED LIABILITIES&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Accrued tax liabilities&#13;consist of delinquent payroll taxes, interest, and penalties owed by us to the Internal Revenue Service (&amp;#8220;IRS&amp;#8221;) and&#13;other tax entities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Accrued liabilities&#13;consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;806,331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;758,827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;271,668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;45,638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,077,999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;804,465&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Other accrued liabilities&#13;as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, include a non-interest-bearing payable totaling $45,000 that is due on demand. Additionally,&#13;customer deposits totaling $226,030 were included in other accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Accrued payroll and&#13;compensation liabilities consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Revised)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock option expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Director fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;135,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;135,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Bonus expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;121,858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;121,858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Administrative payroll&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,494,630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,450,660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,757,636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3,713,666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Stock option expenses&#13;consist of accrued employee stock option expenses. Options granted during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, were issued&#13;during the year ended December 31, 2019 (see &lt;i&gt;Note 14 &amp;#8211; Stock Options and Warrants&lt;/i&gt; for further discussion).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 7 - COMMITMENTS&#13;AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Litigation and&#13;Claims&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Various vendors, service providers, and others&#13;have asserted legal claims in previous years. These creditors generally are not actively seeking collection of amounts due them,&#13;and we have determined that the probability of realizing any loss on these claims is remote and will seek to compromise and settle&#13;at a deep discount any of such claims that are asserted for collection. These amounts are included in our current liabilities.&#13;We have not accrued any liability for claims or judgments that we have determined to be barred by the applicable statute of limitations,&#13;which generally is eight years for judgments in Utah.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Playboy Enterprises,&#13;Inc.&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Our affiliate, Play Beverages, LLC, filed suit&#13;against Playboy Enterprises, Inc., in Cook County, Illinois, Circuit Court in October 2012 asserting numerous claims, including&#13;breach of contract and tortious interference. Playboy responded with a counterclaim of breach of contract and trademark infringement.&#13;After proceedings in October 2016, the court awarded a judgment to Playboy of $6.6 million against Play Beverages and CirTran Beverage&#13;Corp., our subsidiary. The court denied our motion for a new trial and awarded Playboy treble patent infringement damages and attorney&amp;#8217;s&#13;fees. We filed a notice of appeal in July 2017 and again in March 2018. Playboy has initiated collection efforts but has recovered&#13;no funds. In September 2018, the appellate court affirmed the judgment of the circuit court. We have accrued $17,205,599 as of&#13;December 31, 2019 and 2018, related to this judgment, which is included in liabilities in discontinued operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Delinquent Payroll&#13;Taxes, Interest, and Penalties&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;In November 2004,&#13;the IRS accepted our amended offer in compromise (the &amp;#8220;Offer&amp;#8221;) to settle delinquent payroll taxes, interest, and penalties,&#13;which requires us to pay $500,000, remain current in our payment of taxes for five years, and forego claiming any net operating&#13;losses for the years 2001 through 2015 or until we pay taxes on future profits in an amount equal to the taxes of $1,455,767 waived&#13;by the Offer. In June 2013, we entered into a partial installment agreement to pay $768,526 in unpaid 2009 payroll taxes, which&#13;requires us to pay the IRS 5% of cash deposits. The monthly payments are to continue until the account balances are paid in full&#13;or until the collection statute of limitation expires on October 6, 2020. There was $1,048,756 and $986,861 due as of December&#13;31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Employment Agreements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We engage Iehab Hawatmeh,&#13;our president and chief executive officer, through an employment agreement entered in August 2009 and amended in September 2017.&#13;In July 2017, Mr. Hawatmeh had resigned all positions with us to pursue other business activities, thereby effectively terminating&#13;the agreement. However, the amendment to his employment agreement in September 2017 reinstated Mr. Hawatmeh to his previous positions,&#13;with a salary in an amount to be determined. Among other things, the reinstated employment agreement: (a) grants options to purchase&#13;a minimum of 6,000 shares of our stock each year, with an exercise price equal to the market price of our common stock as of the&#13;grant date, for the maximum term allowed under our stock option plan; (b) provides for health insurance coverage, cell phone, car&#13;allowance, life insurance, and director and officer liability insurance, as well as any other bonus approved by our board; and&#13;(c) includes additional incentive compensation as follows: (i) a quarterly bonus equal to 5% of our earnings before interest, taxes,&#13;depreciation and amortization for the applicable quarter; (ii) bonuses equal to 1% of the net purchase price of any acquisitions&#13;we complete that are directly generated and arranged by Mr. Hawatmeh; and (iii) an annual bonus (payable quarterly) equal to 1%&#13;of our gross sales of all products, net of returns and allowances.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 9 - CONVERTIBLE&#13;DEBENTURES&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We have entered into&#13;various convertible debentures that encumber all of our assets. Convertible debentures consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible debenture, 5% stated interest rate, secured by all of our assets, due on November 12, 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;200,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;200,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible debenture, 5% stated interest rate, secured by all of our assets, due on June 3, 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible debenture, 5% stated interest rate, secured by all of our assets, due on August 8, 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible debenture, 5% stated interest rate, secured by all of our assets, due on December 23, 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Convertible debenture, 5% stated interest rate, secured by all of our assets, due on April 30, 2027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,390,528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,390,528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,650,528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,590,528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(722,886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,927,642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,590,528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(248,874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(200,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Long term portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,678,768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,390,528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;The convertible debentures&#13;and accrued interest are convertible into shares of our common stock at the lower of $100 or the lowest bid price for the 20 trading&#13;days prior to conversion.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 13 - STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#8217;&#13;DEFICIT&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We are authorized&#13;to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock. No shares were issued during the periods presented. We had&#13;a total of 4,500,417 common shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2019 and 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 14 - STOCK&#13;OPTIONS AND WARRANTS&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock Incentive&#13;Plans&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;During the year ended&#13;December 31, 2019, we granted options to purchase 8,000 shares of common stock, less forfeitures of options to purchase 8,000 shares&#13;of common stock from a previous year, relating to the employment of our president and one of our employees. The fair market value&#13;of the accrued stock options aggregated $800, using the following assumptions: seven-year term, volatility of 567%, a risk-free&#13;rate of 2.31%, and exercise price of $0.0001.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;During the year ended&#13;December 31, 2018, we granted options to purchase 8,000 shares of common stock, less forfeitures of options to purchase 8,000 shares&#13;of common stock from a previous year, relating to the employment of our president and one of our employees. The fair market value&#13;of the accrued stock options aggregated $800, using the following assumptions: seven-year term, volatility of 567%, a risk-free&#13;rate of 2.38%, and exercise price of $0.0001.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 15 - DISCONTINUED&#13;OPERATIONS&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;At October 21, 2016,&#13;we exited the beverage licensing and distribution business. The assets and liabilities associated with this business are displayed&#13;as assets and liabilities from discontinued operations as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, as a result. Additionally, the revenues&#13;and costs associated with this business are displayed as losses from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2019&#13;and 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Total assets and liabilities&#13;included in discontinued operations were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets from Discontinued Operations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total assets from discontinued operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Liabilities from Discontinued Operations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19,690,378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19,869,559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;704,917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;704,917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,022,342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;868,874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued payroll and compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;131,108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;117,901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;444,085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;239,085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Related party payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,776,250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,776,250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Short-term advances payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,579,773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,579,773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total liabilities from discontinued operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26,348,853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26,156,359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Net losses from discontinued&#13;operations were comprised of the following components:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 17 - SUBSEQUENT&#13;EVENTS&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We have evaluated all events occurring subsequent&#13;to the financial statements and determined there are no additional items to disclose.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;However, on March 11, 2020, the World Health&#13;Organization characterized COVID-19 as a global pandemic. We are monitoring the situation closely and our response to the COVID-19&#13;pandemic continues to evolve. We have taken measures to mitigate the impact on our business operations and overall financial performance,&#13;which continue to evolve. We are also constantly evaluating and responding to the impact of the pandemic on our supply chain as&#13;compared to product demand. In addition, we actively monitor COVID-19-related developments and may take further actions that alter&#13;our business operations as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests&#13;of our employees, customers, vendors, and stockholders. The effects of these operational modifications will be reflected in current&#13;and future reporting periods.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;The consolidated financial&#13;statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2019, include the accounts of CirTran Corporation and our wholly owned subsidiaries:&#13;CirTran Products Corp., LBC Products, Inc., and CirTran - Asia, Inc. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.&#13;The results of CirTran Beverage Corp., CirTran Online Corp., CirTran Media Corp., and Racore Network have been included through&#13;the dates of each dissolution during the three months ended March 31, 2019, and the liabilities have been included in the balance&#13;sheet as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Investment in Securities&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We incur certain costs&#13;associated with the design and development of molds and dies for our contract-manufacturing segment. These costs are held as deposits&#13;on the balance sheet until the molds or dies are finished and ready for use. At that point, the costs are included as part of production&#13;equipment in property and equipment and are amortized over their useful lives. We hold title to all molds and dies used in the&#13;manufacture of products. The capitalized cost, net of accumulated depreciation, associated with molds and dies included in property&#13;and equipment at December 31, 2019 and 2018, was $9,772 and $12,065, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived&#13;Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Financial Instruments&#13;with Derivative Features&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We do not hold or&#13;issue derivative instruments for trading purposes. However, we have financial instruments that are considered derivatives or contain&#13;embedded features subject to derivative accounting. Embedded derivatives are valued separately from the host instrument and are&#13;recognized as derivative liabilities in our balance sheet. We measure these instruments at their estimated fair value and recognize&#13;changes in their estimated fair value in results of operations during the period of change. We have estimated the fair value of&#13;these embedded derivatives using a Multi-NomialLattis model. The fair values of the derivative instruments are measured each reporting&#13;period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We have outstanding&#13;stock options to directors and employees, which are described more fully in &lt;i&gt;Note 14&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8211; &lt;i&gt;Stock Options and Warrants&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;We account for our stock options in accordance with ASC 718-10, &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees&lt;/i&gt;, which requires&#13;the recognition of the cost of employee services received in exchanged for an award of equity instruments in the financial statements&#13;and is measured based on the grant date fair value of the award. ASC 718-10 also requires the stock option compensation expense&#13;to be recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award (typically the&#13;vesting period).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial&#13;Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;The carrying amounts&#13;reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for cash, notes payable, and accounts payable approximate fair value&#13;because of the immediate or short-term maturities of these financial instruments. The carrying amounts of our debt obligations&#13;approximate fair value.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;ASC 820-10-15, &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement-Overall-Scope&#13;and Scope Exceptions&lt;/i&gt;, defines fair value, thereby eliminating inconsistencies in guidance found in various prior accounting&#13;pronouncements, and increases disclosures surrounding fair value calculations. ASC 820-10-15 establishes a three-tiered fair value&#13;hierarchy that prioritizes inputs to valuation techniques used in fair value calculations. The three levels of inputs are defined&#13;as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 1&amp;#8212;Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 2&amp;#8212;Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 3&amp;#8212;Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable and related-party payables have fair values that approximate the carrying value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. Derivative liabilities have been valued using level 3 inputs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Our financial assets&#13;and liabilities carried at fair valued measured on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Fair Value &lt;br /&gt;&#13;at December 31, &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Quoted prices in &lt;br /&gt;&#13;active markets &lt;br /&gt;&#13;(Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant other &lt;br /&gt;&#13;observable &lt;br /&gt;&#13;inputs (Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant &lt;br /&gt;&#13;unobservable &lt;br /&gt;&#13;inputs (Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 40%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;894,079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;894,079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;&#13;at December 31,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Quoted prices in active markets&lt;br /&gt;&#13;(Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant&amp;#160;other observable&lt;br /&gt;&#13;inputs (Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant &lt;br /&gt;&#13;unobservable &lt;br /&gt;&#13;inputs (Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 40%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Loss Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Short-term Advances&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recently Issued&#13;Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Property and equipment&#13;and estimated service lives consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Accrued liabilities&#13;consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Accrued payroll and&#13;compensation liabilities consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Notes payable consisted&#13;of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We have entered into&#13;various convertible debentures that encumber all of our assets. Convertible debentures consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Total assets and liabilities&#13;included in discontinued operations were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets from Discontinued Operations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total assets from discontinued operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Liabilities from Discontinued Operations:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19,690,378&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19,869,559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;704,917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;704,917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,022,342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;868,874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued payroll and compensation expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;131,108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;117,901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;444,085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;239,085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Related party payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,776,250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,776,250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Short-term advances payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,579,773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,579,773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total liabilities from discontinued operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26,348,853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;26,156,359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Net losses from discontinued&#13;operations were comprised of the following components:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 2 - SUMMARY&#13;OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;The consolidated financial&#13;statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2019, include the accounts of CirTran Corporation and our wholly owned subsidiaries:&#13;CirTran Products Corp., LBC Products, Inc., and CirTran - Asia, Inc. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.&#13;The results of CirTran Beverage Corp., CirTran Online Corp., CirTran Media Corp., and Racore Network have been included through&#13;the dates of each dissolution during the three months ended March 31, 2019, and the liabilities have been included in the balance&#13;sheet as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The consolidated financial statements as of&#13;and for the year ended December 31, 2018, include the accounts of CirTran Corporation and our wholly owned subsidiaries: CirTran&#13;Products Corp., CirTran Corporation (Utah), CirTran Beverage Corp., CirTran Online Corp., CirTran Media Corp., Racore Network,&#13;and CirTran - Asia, Inc. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;In preparing the financial&#13;statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, management is required&#13;to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets&#13;and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported&#13;periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We follow Financial Accounting Standards Board&#13;(&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) 606, &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;, for&#13;revenue recognition. Adoption of ASC 606 did not have a significant impact on our financial statements. We recognize revenue upon&#13;transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received&#13;in exchange for those products or services. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers,&#13;which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. We did not recognize revenue during the years ended December 31, 2019&#13;and 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We consider all highly&#13;liquid, short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. We did not hold any cash&#13;equivalents as of December 31, 2019 or 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Investment in Securities&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Our cost-method investment&#13;consists of an investment in a private digital multi-media technology company that totaled $300,000 at December 31, 2019 and 2018.&#13;As we owned less than 20% of that company&amp;#8217;s stock as of each date, and no significant influence or control exists, the investment&#13;is accounted for using the cost method. We evaluated the investment for impairment and determined there was none during the periods&#13;presented.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We incur certain costs&#13;associated with the design and development of molds and dies for our contract-manufacturing segment. These costs are held as deposits&#13;on the balance sheet until the molds or dies are finished and ready for use. At that point, the costs are included as part of production&#13;equipment in property and equipment and are amortized over their useful lives. We hold title to all molds and dies used in the&#13;manufacture of products. The capitalized cost, net of accumulated depreciation, associated with molds and dies included in property&#13;and equipment at December 31, 2019 and 2018, was $9,772 and $12,065, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Depreciation expense&#13;is recognized in amounts equal to the cost of depreciable assets over estimated service lives. Leasehold improvements are amortized&#13;over the shorter of the life of the lease or the service life of the improvements. The straight-line method of depreciation and&#13;amortization is followed for financial reporting purposes. Maintenance, repairs, and renewals that neither materially add to the&#13;value of the property nor appreciably prolong its life are charged to expense as incurred. Gains or losses on dispositions of property&#13;and equipment are included in operating results.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived&#13;Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We review our long-lived&#13;assets, including intangibles, for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset&#13;may not be recoverable. At each balance sheet date, we evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate possible&#13;impairment. We use an estimate of future undiscounted net cash flows from the related asset or group of assets over their remaining&#13;life in measuring whether the assets are recoverable. We did not record expenses for the impairment of long-lived assets during&#13;the year ended December 31, 2019 or 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Financial Instruments&#13;with Derivative Features&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We do not hold or&#13;issue derivative instruments for trading purposes. However, we have financial instruments that are considered derivatives or contain&#13;embedded features subject to derivative accounting. Embedded derivatives are valued separately from the host instrument and are&#13;recognized as derivative liabilities in our balance sheet. We measure these instruments at their estimated fair value and recognize&#13;changes in their estimated fair value in results of operations during the period of change. We have estimated the fair value of&#13;these embedded derivatives using a Multi-NomialLattis model. The fair values of the derivative instruments are measured each reporting&#13;period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2017, our&#13;common stock was suspended from trading. Because of this, the convertible notes no longer met the criteria to bifurcate the instrument&#13;under FASB ASC 815, &lt;i&gt;Derivatives and Hedging&lt;/i&gt;. Accordingly, we determined the underlying common stock of the instruments being&#13;accounted for as derivative liabilities had no value. As a result, the fair value of the derivative liabilities, as of the date&#13;our common stock was no longer available to trade, was written off to additional paid-in capital in accordance with ASC 815-15-35-4.&#13;During the year ended December 31, 2018, we became current with our filing requirements with the SEC, and FINRA approved our common&#13;stock to continue trading during the year ended December 31, 2019. Accordingly, we recorded derivative liabilities as of the date&#13;our stock resumed trading, or September 13, 2019, and revalued the liability as of December 31, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of average&#13;cost or market value. Cost on manufactured inventories includes labor, material, and overhead. Overhead cost is based on indirect&#13;costs allocated to cost of sales, work-in-process inventory, and finished goods inventory. Indirect overhead costs have been charged&#13;to cost of sales or capitalized as inventory, based on management&amp;#8217;s estimate of the benefit of indirect manufacturing costs&#13;to the manufacturing process.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;When there is evidence that the inventory&amp;#8217;s&#13;value is less than original cost, the inventory is reduced to market value. We determine market value on current resale amounts&#13;and whether technological obsolescence exists. We will seek agreements with manufacturing customers that require them to purchase&#13;their inventory items in the event they cancel their business with us.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We have outstanding&#13;stock options to directors and employees, which are described more fully in &lt;i&gt;Note 14&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8211; &lt;i&gt;Stock Options and Warrants&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;We account for our stock options in accordance with ASC 718-10, &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees&lt;/i&gt;, which requires&#13;the recognition of the cost of employee services received in exchanged for an award of equity instruments in the financial statements&#13;and is measured based on the grant date fair value of the award. ASC 718-10 also requires the stock option compensation expense&#13;to be recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award (typically the&#13;vesting period).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Stock-based employee&#13;compensation was $800 and $480 for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We use the liability&#13;method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on&#13;differences between financial reporting and the tax basis of assets, liabilities, the carryforward of operating losses and tax&#13;credits, and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse.&#13;An allowance against deferred tax assets is recorded when it is more likely than not that such tax benefits will not be realized.&#13;Research tax credits are recognized as used.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial&#13;Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;The carrying amounts&#13;reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for cash, notes payable, and accounts payable approximate fair value&#13;because of the immediate or short-term maturities of these financial instruments. The carrying amounts of our debt obligations&#13;approximate fair value.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;ASC 820-10-15, &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement-Overall-Scope&#13;and Scope Exceptions&lt;/i&gt;, defines fair value, thereby eliminating inconsistencies in guidance found in various prior accounting&#13;pronouncements, and increases disclosures surrounding fair value calculations. ASC 820-10-15 establishes a three-tiered fair value&#13;hierarchy that prioritizes inputs to valuation techniques used in fair value calculations. The three levels of inputs are defined&#13;as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 1&amp;#8212;Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 2&amp;#8212;Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 3&amp;#8212;Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable and related-party payables have fair values that approximate the carrying value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. Derivative liabilities have been valued using level 3 inputs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Our financial assets&#13;and liabilities carried at fair valued measured on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Fair Value &lt;br /&gt;&#13;at December 31, &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Quoted prices in &lt;br /&gt;&#13;active markets &lt;br /&gt;&#13;(Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant other &lt;br /&gt;&#13;observable &lt;br /&gt;&#13;inputs (Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant &lt;br /&gt;&#13;unobservable &lt;br /&gt;&#13;inputs (Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 40%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;894,079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;894,079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;&#13;at December 31,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Quoted prices in active markets&lt;br /&gt;&#13;(Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant&amp;#160;other observable&lt;br /&gt;&#13;inputs (Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant &lt;br /&gt;&#13;unobservable &lt;br /&gt;&#13;inputs (Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 40%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Loss Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Basic loss per share&#13;(EPS) is calculated by dividing net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding&#13;during each period. Diluted EPS is similarly calculated, except that the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding would&#13;include common shares that may be issued subject to existing rights with dilutive potential when applicable. We had 569,029,796&#13;potentially issuable common shares at December 31, 2019. However, the impacts of the potentially issuable common shares were excluded&#13;from the diluted loss per common shares outstanding given the anti-dilutive effect such shares have on net losses per common share.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Short-term Advances&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We have short-term&#13;advances with various individuals. These advances are due upon demand, carry no interest, and are not collateralized. These advances&#13;are classified as short-term liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recently Issued&#13;Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 8 - NOTES&#13;PAYABLE&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Notes payable consisted&#13;of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable to former service provider for past due account payable (current)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;90,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;90,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable for settlement of debt (long term)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;500,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;590,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;590,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 10 &amp;#8211;&#13;DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;As discussed in &lt;i&gt;Note&#13;9 - Convertible Debentures&lt;/i&gt;, we have entered into five separate agreements to borrow a total of $2,650,528 with the outstanding&#13;principal and interest being convertible at the holder&amp;#8217;s option into common stock of the company at the lesser of $100 (notes&#13;one through four) or $0.10 (note 5 due December 23, 2020) or the lowest closing bid price in the prior 20 trading days. Embedded&#13;derivatives are valued separately from the host instrument and are recognized as derivative liabilities in our balance sheet. We&#13;measure these instruments at their estimated fair value and recognize changes in their estimated fair value in results of operations&#13;during the period of change. We have estimated the fair value of these embedded derivatives for convertible debentures and associated&#13;warrants using a Monte Carlo simulation model as of December 31, 2019, using the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 36%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;91.9% - 100.9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Rick Free Rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.55% - 1.80%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$0.0100 &amp;#8211; $0.0101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Remaining life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0.542 - 7.33 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;We have estimated&#13;the fair value of these embedded derivatives for convertible debentures and associated warrants using a Monte Carlo simulation&#13;model as of December 31, 2019, using the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 11 - LEASES&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 12 - INCOME&#13;TAXES&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We did not provide any current or deferred&#13;U.S. federal income tax provision or benefit for any of the periods presented because we have experienced operating losses since&#13;inception. When it is more likely than not that a tax asset cannot be realized through future income, the company must allow for&#13;this future tax benefit. We provided a full valuation allowance on the net deferred tax asset, consisting of net operating loss&#13;carryforwards, because management has determined that it is more likely than not that we will not earn income sufficient to realize&#13;the deferred tax assets during the carryforward period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We have not taken a tax position that, if challenged,&#13;would have a material effect on the financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, applicable under FASB&#13;ASC 740, &lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;. We did not recognize any adjustment to the liability for an uncertain tax position and, therefore,&#13;did not record any adjustment to the beginning balance of accumulated deficit on the balance sheet. All of our tax returns remain&#13;open.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;As of December 31,&#13;2019 and 2018, we had net operating loss carryforwards for tax reporting purposes of approximately $19.1 million and $26.7 million,&#13;respectively. These net operating loss carryforwards, if unused, begin to expire in 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2019,&#13;we dissolved four subsidiaries that had total net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $8.9 million, which were forfeited&#13;upon dissolution, reducing our deferred tax asset by approximately $1.9 million. In addition, the realization of tax benefits relating&#13;to net operating loss carryforwards is limited due to the settlement related to amounts previously due to the IRS, as discussed&#13;in &lt;i&gt;Note 6 &amp;#8211; Other Accrued Liabilities&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The provision for income taxes differs from&#13;the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before provision for income taxes. The sources&#13;and tax effects of the differences for the periods presented are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income tax provision at the federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 36%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect on operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Net deferred tax assets consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31, 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31, 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,005,545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,630,037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4,005,545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5,630,037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A reconciliation of income taxes computed at&#13;the statutory rate is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31, 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31, 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Computed federal income tax benefit (expense) at statutory rate of 21% and 21%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(245,508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(222,244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in payroll accruals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8,794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7,336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock option expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in derivative liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;236,095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;214,394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The provision for income taxes differs from&#13;the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before provision for income taxes. The sources&#13;and tax effects of the differences for the periods presented are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 16 - REVISION&#13;TO PRIOR YEAR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;During the year ended&#13;December 31, 2019, we identified an error in the presentation and accounting for option-based liabilities in prior years, dating&#13;to the year ended December 31, 2008. We have performed an analysis and determined it appropriate to correct the error on a cumulative&#13;basis as of December 31, 2017, resulting in a decrease in accrued liabilities and retained earnings of $476,253 as of December&#13;31, 2017. The impacts on accrued liabilities and retained earnings were also $476,253 as of and for the year ended December 31,&#13;2018. The balance sheet and statement of stockholders&amp;#8217; deficit for the year then ended has been revised to correct the error.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION&#13;AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We offer diversified expertise in manufacturing,&#13;marketing, distribution, and technology services in a wide variety of consumer products, including tobacco products, medical devices,&#13;and beverages. We have an innovative and consumer-focused approach to brand portfolio management, resting on a strong understanding&#13;of consumers domestically, and we have established a footprint in more than 50 key, international markets.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of average&#13;cost or market value. Cost on manufactured inventories includes labor, material, and overhead. Overhead cost is based on indirect&#13;costs allocated to cost of sales, work-in-process inventory, and finished goods inventory. Indirect overhead costs have been charged&#13;to cost of sales or capitalized as inventory, based on management&amp;#8217;s estimate of the benefit of indirect manufacturing costs&#13;to the manufacturing process.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Total advances from&#13;related parties were:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Net deferred tax assets consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31, 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31, 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4,005,545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,630,037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4,005,545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(5,630,037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A reconciliation of income taxes computed at&#13;the statutory rate is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;Our financial assets&#13;and liabilities carried at fair valued measured on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Fair Value &lt;br /&gt;&#13;at December 31, &lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Quoted prices in &lt;br /&gt;&#13;active markets &lt;br /&gt;&#13;(Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant other &lt;br /&gt;&#13;observable &lt;br /&gt;&#13;inputs (Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant &lt;br /&gt;&#13;unobservable &lt;br /&gt;&#13;inputs (Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 40%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;894,079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;894,079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total Fair Value&lt;br /&gt;&#13;at December 31,&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Quoted prices in active markets&lt;br /&gt;&#13;(Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant&amp;#160;other observable&lt;br /&gt;&#13;inputs (Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant &lt;br /&gt;&#13;unobservable &lt;br /&gt;&#13;inputs (Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 40%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_ExercisePriceOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=CIRT_StockIncentivePlansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_FairMarketValueOfAccruedOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityMeasurementInput'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityMeasurementInput'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityMeasurementInput'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_DerivativeLiabilityRemainingLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityMeasurementInput'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityMeasurementInput'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityMeasurementInput'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_DerivativeLiabilityRemainingLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_WorkingCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_GainLossOnSettlementOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicAndDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicAndDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_NotesPayableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInPayrollAccruals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=CIRT_UnaffiliatedPartyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_CorrectionOfCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_CorrectionOfCommonSharesOutstandingShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_ForgivenessOfRelatedPartyLoan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_CorrectionOfCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_ForgivenessOfRelatedPartyLoan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_ScheduleOfStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateToIncomeBeforeProvisionForIncomeTaxesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubstantialDoubtAboutGoingConcernTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



W.=W\,4[/,:IM<:NORYQT9+06Z_@V_E#RW?;=;USJK]\5_(

?BBPQ@X!O/M9F?^0Q]D_&0XSI..
F&RPR\=\%LRM[!
MCVKP*^99P^BY]0^E'P 8\.-LZ.B;#.B&;N@$WBS[2
27^%AG[K'0\X##+'M.


/L!^ )_KL_]W L6
0 ?9@ #;.

M3=Y)1O)&\@6\2^]]NK'W;*30-7P_)N+$YVKR@8L?OOE&?(TH__L;WT*N^49Y




M[FQC-G!G5WBQII[EXQT;GC9?
9GU_@M[
NPK@C?!5%9L]K5:?=FG7HF8TQ(Q

S?FS3Y445GC0
MB1(R







QKY]*8
M6H%AGQ4]K

%[








7$HAW-_!:]_FMVR#9\7GZ^._?#'?G!G=W .4U67;_FL;WQU]*_Q



M/E&-ECFT3)'SC#6D$_%/JBR6O)7;.Q
4A/'SME&EFECV9L];S
H^JL7Z
N

JES*//@ L-

MEL_\:V=XVG1K

LI(\;^P9V;K

/QC#::3L]9@8K7*ASG5/***$Z$*/:INZ\BBGI%
M%'.HJ#A%113'1!3'PBD:%5'
H:+B%!51'!-1'
 ?^
GR?==^9B9.&W@(![YE









'PP4]W)E#F^
M@2
6$K'KC[/X)Z#



RNTZEO!LTU7 ..W-L7AYG]X-+U-\^^F^



^6
[3QFJ\

MMZW


=1GVG6&9U\ZE


8=9#Q0!^X9\_

_X
74D94



^N\.X@#09R=-#Z69EZN:1RQ





B3Y4]=W[!_\]QPE('+C#<5/ATR/D4
R
0&W?5V\BQ4PHZ66 ^?+<=PAJE+
M4@:)Z_5&76^LM5TR5B\7[FWIOW2X,YA2.=8P)H!M9 V7_@&5FZWUUN/\1R
MW[


CEDIM%:ALM7>
F#.




[7[NH1EWK[?VFG291SX_2/16B


@4

L?IM



MU/5NLGU1YLLWAB!?\+


TK820A[%%BPA
MOD';!FMX9.TJ_V7-B7LX8'9-D:F 



F'YE\[W'VV
MU)&W@Z9.2R13.^WG*W][!\(@

^..1=BDE:-$(Q$B%^I4^.A9




5IT%Q&5%F@$
M9/CC4CI7%5QS!R!OF
VQ0:.L0[7ZVA'H&R*NP*JKFML6P5^OV^ZUDMELF\.P
MV]WD2KGLM7M:H]



[ONC

P!8+8_AK[EL/P5;_BZ_@8




M
N%0@EP2_WEBSK!80&M].X-JVP^86,.$UD:B/2Z;3IV=@]0%*:)5NM@@!L
M$3(4NMZ.$%D.(&4


=!=^5[1IL&;
M__T4?
 OWTWIK__0&^)_D@^

O5BCV0=E8 R_/P&N'+

Y!\A

M/%P]/M!FPFA;@V/:H#&9?O@/O:T=T#7CG([#-P!\Q0@EK:JO# Q08]3'%#


MDV=
QSZ1%#+R(

^44J:_61R&]/%;C&P
BI/\( #



0GF1FS0

OZF


M_4Q.[Q^@3[DH%6T4
\2Z019/0!^#.PQG8P&FZ*Y302

M#UC'L(
QO?D%R==!C@&4AVL0@Q#
@$@8J$JR W= _ DXX5@R'^?I0D%..S(L
MFQYWD0/YR#IV^3X-@ =H&(BHQ(891Y@A@'L0\%K0XY)VD%\%'Z3!-%^+GM


U=3ALRV


M%H;V@96WY




$W4/<\G)LLHPPIXI)#/LDP_I%'<D&\^)LEIM(BOK?

MT3
I2294)2D+
MLP!=^UD6AMQ21!)3 J-1=#P?GT8-B#2\.:0?P<Z.#=77#H[@[%.J46S+#AK
M@H5_QGQN
9&0#_(
7
501L;$LF?*A/
=D;TYE3V#


DR7YX91F$OD$ THK\T+I!RLY


MT+JBS$=2&])4

M#*PB P)$]XBF*6]_(D


MSUE^13AG6)=45YOM-K^1_._
VBS
/9? (&NR$Y
TH27=LZUCX^DK]?&(@A+%#JK=


M%
93Y$!N_/D?AH?X3+RE\M(N 6BQ&QA!LNB4=5_87/S.$'$-=


;$RIALW$WC;D&W8-SZ1T#!E5
MANUAB&A9A;UD7CIBV$E7AGCE@<\_ 00F7D9!7(K%N:$IX=%+XXF[CLF7<_$

M16!S*ME'_T$TJ'DKI4A=^W!]_Q#]2_] \1VN6I$0B@93N[4
J18/!HCW3%

!X^*5%&F*LI4/

M#?V$]GLH3'5:7;5;SQML.*:PT
I+G'O_9%R6P39*+]




M


PW

BN5679
M%;U4OC5NXB*C'E]769I('4BE6$V*&SC86)H2^ACL+ (JW #R?\U^\3$ZU'

MZ#'3HIIDN.K
PZPET5

37D[5FR1BPO BGXX'
M7$U2X
F7&'8? H2FPFL7CO#BXICB?.[
MA<M@C$9 VJ#(J HB3?G(GH'@GO!%7[Y<JJ @8:ME/[0?DN?#

M-+WA+

M^]5QP9YT3 #EVH$+
@VX$1-/ D!@;.RX(0\+KH4W(3'(XO
25L=0T#']E';'



*P'BEA?#'XC#VY7%9)M=AA@;R)0FBA

M)R8-JJIMSWEK)!8[[:[:JK=Y&RCJM@\;Z\T?$9TP9!Q$I)L6C^3 ,;I ++X
M@@NQ=#T&
8=U3+PFL%U4*(&_$)N(.\F%LODC
M=:^D&

][F#A!0G4OM N9VAYBAOG
(-]YAK$SN1VP$8W!?4N87*B#N0



0C*:MFBMF19;^3MJ$A!Q



M0GX



MOAMP1HPG(3+FN

JVB[T#
\EKQ9ZZM*I2&^:TV7$NMJK=]1VLUZ)IC
73;(*8TH5
V+YBZ3CG<Y=S_JO'7

)IU3R)?H'

DT4





M7Q6$++\!31M
:# O6]O29Q6-W


M7GND%^H8$;)[UKB['-
D


]\*0O$R1+L]$Q-9/1K



7?#]RO0F648MY



 F$CQ3F?4$\




M
&

M!+4QA@/D-_H'0



MC?=G&*$






=EG)&-Y
MJ7UQC'$*&0








M#D#L


0*./C*$[K#R2&2]M(2QN69+6 ^R6\3L\()




M^SR+^Q-OE]SH49RANC[K +H%*3UT_: V82 OS




<+2T;/J<+PT+TLKXEA$VMQB+
*O'#'
F+C@#6TB8$U/7

24 ; K5Z
M7



DK3-KZB@;ZZGQSDCMC6*?(L\
M*42$5^*%XA\DU^#$C!UJ
(VX1F$

O1B)1
M*/2 R^ ^OQH8U7 HXPQ_  )=N#T]YK 7PQ8.6H=9E)R%R/(L[A\V38%F @(U
MA6A#$7MP  )C*I$_PR]P%)

*B0815,,949L5%I
3FT&(\]



K'.4
MQO=2;MV.XD_[J#FAN^M5


2JU8
L9E$@;L:VQ
M2TGM$DYILHFP?:11DRD:+9H

MC3A46HTF(S -AKY
$JEH!3&A^7@6F4



LT
M


D4L_P8$BJ(W8Q8?E0WI^H?X9W2:

NY'83*5ABXX+O^9%YF<C$BHK2A#]68BW.@<I*6Q*22!_,3Q2XG)8)92
MGD1V:E:R5N2K1\5





M$@)N@2L5$6;0%P4TCID;:%U3]F8-Z-1+^;L(C#%\BO6/
UF];E&:]+]I3]
P
M( U5] !!'0?3V*R_PD0NQ5*0'J








_NO!)BA9/3&*]
BKQ7?3P5.*H-'+=#\GU
M%\QCQ0)DX-$Y=G\AN1%Y2

M[




M'MU:E26U@:\@[1I8P&OE&=C


/W:
+V/OW9QFIE2[R0



FR)GLB;5B-.SQ3 &6U_$PT!HH'[4:]%7*\
ME$9E CX3XRAETQY3'$5$0TMQJ3S!ID4Y'JQ7B_# I\_RI'?Q&*]W=R(R8XOO
MSJQ+7</T%EMY#<ZC%_-#G##:-Y^I.5W%'//V78BS;;F?6B0WV99FH=]_8 W

M@AV\;

M80

_$$YE;%]NR%:;

A2_6

MW




K
9@W-?6C\G!5


OO</://NZ./KA/Z1=GY
M$1Y




5Q]=N












9? LP
7QNXS6_/#L%WN

MC:(-EGY

E9.!?%^F



M[!.XOZ

YM

N6M8#IE

MFF2F!778






ME7$G?UZSL3'XA_%BP/T9\^LCO[J:3&UWQEC_R6


C5CO:KU6K
=L!LCNMI-#


M!][IAP/?

M($&T 0\

MY:/QD\$8SO%I3# @8O'


Y2V'?B4PQBD$78R.))OK6OTT@7N#@2PC_ 35QSX93Y
MRT:0Y+QPW;(OG'R



V#&@93WC7%6

KAC+*ZR@/* [SBAV)&L94F*0_D0@3 EUZP/

M[+FF?(X(/+:6\3([IN&9OO+1A?\0
&\YK-UZ7?OPN?_P




M+?%O)J^[$DY=KJN0Q

H4SA#C



'Q9-LFX-)Q?MA^M/
M0/.@FQO CE'- UD N 1IXK&)%0CPGUS0V!Q$,E8AP M;PY/&)=GMHCY!&M%
M!=5?9A)&+!_5U?VQSR/GDCCZEANK^

M[1E!8UN 2%-5_+CWMN4\
Q[O%KP

[Y.BB7$?GAPSZ@0W%Z(KJ

A-NHH&:@'UOP

#

6 _




 0.




VOJ*!OKG9S$YQ'E4:10\_&ERDB

($1[[$[@3D)RL



M*XUCO

M*H3($YR(7R/@HY#T 
 U9FQQFP4E/CDL1L  ?1G$P
UP\4\[193A(4T3\9R$
MFN*Q? ;P)'PJHR0?0 +-GRNPLD]4LQ91(.\.7S-.0^]1%1&!K:MU)V*R4&^
MDYM&4=;#JL23RJ&2EY'%D8=K!T1L2!*7^XI1__O$R/#'%I?&;K'*E=++KYF



#U#A-(.RBO3VR=


#.^8N09?W)=







%/
I!OA55-J3!MG''(')


M$XKWT#06.:MD7MC6-T9J'BX.? 8AZOP ;A+B''?I?$YO]+C*W45.Q2/S&941

[?


M KZ;4Q[VE!*J$K4.HIS!BEZ%_4/B&&V8'K)I++ :A^R/EC(?6 @?_3B-NQ


O&MRZ-MH&L[=EG TA]@BBDN@;LL





MI=/%Z7]N'V,OM#N1&7


MAP$+12CA.CIF6%&62;&\2.8$+T:*$\DY/'!EBR/!?S@A.W@',GU5=RQ#V\N
M1U';;9X(DLL$L

Y?!$\0O!*%;.8R4#/E%

3N/*.R

\P-&5_KV&W





DF

M$C.6'?L=5X?EQ4J)




HO1R-(_GI
M#B=+G+G??PG\\Q?3G/R:B!''TO7@VEBLY#\#ES_9[N#;'__]7^@._#YDUJ_7





4^7D:-Q*JMM%4V\H61=[WIE^?P.O&H-

M&HK1U@UEQQ,THC&@G
NT.




MX1


'BU^2A
&S(([INB!)(!%-IW:

ZA5M8OHII\&(RT5*$75Z9SOFF7;O]ORKHBJ


5Y ^.X\*8\L6MY!R^=-E'-@&2[I=O3[+\LC=?/10Q[L






*,U)WS9:4I04\':8R&)V1[_[IY5DY;7
M5IJ&LD@RETQ:95E'XIN7(^J+QC
-GKD@
\/B/=\YYK.AFRI=L(%*\S_G+T[





_NPS'RJ
;PQ6.B3A#^UL=^7V_8H9)0)MV1]%&3FPU%
M;FAM7E:
65?S\ =1ZS#1
U-$*/M
=(F-J!0H!SQO


[2)AVB5RCOL+8NGRXG^Y%'^(<X4C'G[

2KQWZF'


:/HK$(C?E169'I


M!1!;VAT%' CXRU(#EITPEQ1SX[6:AI:O@GQ=[$D7(J6L=TQ98Q7




MS'RKF?K%
?ES
AN&K\B5IB]N



LMGH03M:$-MKY8







MPVF+AA1510L?XG/


M-



M^NPO['8YI*

M];$4 K[19PX;65





RY*P
M@6^FLY]H.2L$:V%GOZ+W4MR^%^YWQ
?%OH8\2??I4FH9BAR7&@H8'+ARDC6%


06
:[',UU(M]A3
ME ,-\<N5WR#\7D03(;Y$?6Z%A^7P-&URX0;S;;&%IWAA'<0@PJ'=CW\Q:04
M



L;T12+*
M=E)/ZF22S9-);A?Y* (4(!2F6+Q0EHXLZ43+^[R^.03^\A2*0WF8OXY
WWFW


K/+<



M19^_A;L/!10Y#WG,M2&UXP[RS,Y&A^3,^],RI2MNFOH33S=0MU&CNV\O


5S1+9L*68B=[W _P?B8Q%==
M[X9UP^;J9-5NJT;2SHJ'G)_ND^E\ZX&<#CUS-/4K7,?Z@7.MI*DFL S38R[&
M/+H#I82&W5

0
MC.?*A6;

M6P1?C_\BM9@0=E4T]G@4&(]YQ9FMDP[@2*Y/YX5D4[E$93U]MB%67IV?KB

XH
0ESQ
M!KQ&JREK#7UN)B(AG(U':ZSQQ*3(3)$9#<(E*([/Q%^/ DVMH#;1 -J
#Y_

M!Y9N/] V%[YM%(B!/Q
8GTF8*;N.;N\@L[U1*GZNJYILY&X#53E?#I*C6BF.



M5Q555)JJ*$I
Y


MAQ3+9NN!JZ M!VM=K6.V/EJJ;8VSWC\,STG)2Z+ZZ(WVU!1WUV6H/EMO!*=
MCF
+J7*5Z^5&DU=4?16O#\%YJR8W#QJRU# &3$:VR$W:N?6#=$PM\?5[%P5
Q=ML+4+6;=185;4TU],YZ*Z*

M:@U=W,%YZ^:]L*V2 6T)W:9OAX/$P((6IL$&7+ $ZZ8KS1Q%2C-GO=B.L)



05^)O8S;$





8'/.P@

BX;/;!ME!X0&.
1L-D 9


M?PV(8D+ZXRK*-VUDPIOK?3NWG/
)0J_Z?D2

MB)+X9'1W$+P@G&/O14!=SD^



M45M2\H;@W+A#NJS2T


:;T ZD5/KD=?(.
M3JB4G$P+)QP=7=2!N'X]-'U]L%?)]T]TY03=9%H.7)&+^$MZE/*\VDLNO3)
CS^G%OP/-'N/7+J?B$2QATQ.?%ZPANG'*




%F95
M

/PS@A[X5,?JZCR+1AV61RTRJ6A=)YE%=-3!
MBZ@@?E'T;

MO4NQTXTW,:A&X!)O34=O'[J,B(4Y2IIO^W)0:]97*W/OPT_=WVVT?+X02'_
M?WD8(0]XR/''$KJ4/1*OB.=FQCE&U&TOX%FT84(=Y=52:3]EW$B\&S@/-OAU
MJ*%TJ*%^J]UB8*)F[A;#&?_*GX9:L
1!SE)Z
HHN_U


LTW]KZ0E %GLF/1*8 BN:'%FS

HW:0@;X[A::E1ZFE)5S79


]HR$;6P*JZ$N[P-O(
U'I+


B6*Z0]
MAI8O% A/;XC_:$V&[)2+*Y:ZX]:?^Q3A [%]D#P*@1C/'E9/U-E555E3<N;

A, +[W-(S6&XVL 8O&Y.SYZGO3KY\M
MQQH'8\&P/QX:?\?'.P=-![

\T=J&:IR





;'X




K(-#*3^;'X6-9[E0CB3!5D[+RV+P1HNHV?P7O2*55QZ'L K!#V288H%TG5


1I

M.X;2ZBR\S^/!RU(0N8


M[I2$/'[0#X
.V

MS[9H]=T%+7L^

M

TH)8#G92T




M2
;)$78TPP60/69-G_\]W_]
P7&NC&@Y_^




=/







:89864SE$/=]C5XR@

PB\+L'-#T)2X\+IX

M2
GXDB-VB





%5;


H

MWZSZ30!F]:LYM;8\?-#JSY0VLTI7'YM5K63



MA'& XWML!]#LS2\0)[&IZWC'*W)A]C.E4%##SP XXEI IS$E9%Q6&K(3GXAW

KTP


ME


31L



W#^&7 _:\PZ]G_):\RNHI3'ZKA*/C9(SJP
:W)D




MBG=D

MK\TBQG]T4BJ[
1/
MO





M2A'D#ON3@-D+F(U/8+8A3SQ!#^4RB^'QA^


!


M^R+65F458O&=


TI/ =ABHCL;;6N.K?_&ONWW$S_Z%YEC




MFW3


%9.T_F$Y;)]17LYFPYAKG_#E_@J$&7OC
M.%T0\XW4(UY&HN'L*^4YQ^_E0DQUY8JW3 O$1!:YF;77FEAM-?\608Q]8@?
MMJIAB&&D@F3FVE-OFY27Z_LPQF






MC/;+IYBM%L:_@7SJ[* F3N
RCHB1VT)-K2)PXU(!=SQPQ9)C(:3K&MK K7KL

;QF]I&Q%F682
<Z7X'QU9=4$T#;N%:T;
MVMO&N^+EAO:6\1X5;K=(H(%JIQR:0%D!KJ6RF'N$!JIQ.7[GJ


GR'_2?*OBF5
K6MJ%<<7Y1Q?M(?C

M'9$$B8
&UL[3UK;^,XDM\/N/_ R^(6<Q_<L9/NGNG,]WR; 27B8
DLW-S7Q:

2PB
MN-F7+U_VBV_KIIV6KP\DKOLXW*_)66.FWT:*]APE:724%N1=X0!FA9GU=@.D
M+=AOD[K9A'TTF1U

A$(%N'523V'Z=!'C%R
1




G6-0_/-5X=CH4/T=$OIU?V3I
M ;-CP%$:%)Z#^CC]Y$(-92FD/$=LNGR/;TB$R1\(DHLHH5EU!.--^M4?7TRP

M6M#V& ?+;$Q9


](UXN%Z'#;]
U6E
M

MRQ6B)L


5155G@6K$\
M
L]8266M'Z:/G9C=N3L?16$4!

BJ#Z*(5?EMR);'\V ]7X^T H;
MZ$9Q*]A'7#

RS\S
 $U%/\C3$)0




V0Z=JD_/HG3HN$[:=D<X_Z)15KHAF*ST5

MG4+J710W
MK2<%J]ZIY2Q']]AP6*E@7*?]VDKJ9]P[775W@^EX0!F(


:]D

MI%?UX'X_-]PX$!P%N;R];T^OKE41B $HVGM4O&T+NH=R7VT=)X^L=BFZ_DU@
M]
+6'E5J9=:OX-([E;0F?]2( L

MM'5J7




M




M&J#.KPP91-W:
X]W.4)6HV ME5
+A
M/+E
*(\P_I52FY/U7ICVQ2JB:



M3^_(=+AV7F[DOK4#]+O&Z+


M-FO36\

[/6#64UN[@B@?<Y7A5.F[N=W2.C7DF!ZT E(!32HP O?LT$P


03*I4FSBOQ.])2GSB.P
M(

T7:^64534:S?E71BG%


MC[].DB)+$EVSPXT@T=?LYS2+EBQ#K%XPN:)$JD=))]F1




P?EBXM^DKORE)'NH\$Z9O:50V!0C3CEUWTU*R_E#FNEB5




!O]-#CIK-6V-KRX8IZ+IL7


M@Q?RPZE;^#VW=TME^Y\ZJU
2CIO*EC1J;+X:8R241YGT=-M9GBJ!Q]4EM\-5


$TS]AF^'5X8:%$Z9 []1^%0VYV

MB[4Z&BF/!NMVNG'M_'M4+WQGV[*
O8L0$BZO

CBM.^=VPK4VPQB9D





M:UV9&/OG ::(?O)_4$L#!!0    ( %=\O5K)6DYB(  
 F @ 5    8VER
?)* *B0DI#P



7Y!@-(0(3)
MS\ZOP(_9-_@

MM/BRN_O\_/PVP$_@&9
?X5L7JY&[Q3%QX8K6\?G-\7_NG^SO33Y/]M]-G






MG081BI8

MJS!YK]89NXVP^^

M ?H7QX:^;Y=TPB50!V5E NUH





.KV4K?B9.#KDRY
M5^Z8\HB@=QB= 41XF

+PKH(;Z




M'1E'S*6RPH?AL96P6S_.1E5H+8)]/+NKJ+NV$U2=1)=1^49LJY/IT-^?7V@K


MT4$+#

'Y2%9
M44%!M$N;[J9M=BL)=
_WZF$['IX#I





MN*KMK@6L3_-Y\!*VTW:;+*\'T')F$_G5L4%+)G0OS!KG0ZY4Y\_C2X*\%_


=?_!02
10X3-







O8UKMF%8[D+3:D$0YA

BQ(8.H<@46.EHOL];=IKJV=O/7QL/KL  @?F=?N?@\&!JQXKI+N@7B



]=CJ2R




&]KK:5@#!ZW&

MTF


M2F-
Y/02S&L3EL0]S*S\$EW+0F+:MTZ
MWQXV-J_Y6^/7:Y;8-64?A2$FR_P-$W7)+<(N=^_-K#^U[P+6X%_HK^H_BV+*
M?$^L^)'GI 7 ]%1?=I6T'38ZX]8+N$+8AZCWU#TR5C0CZBQ12?!A&2[&VJ
MI*PCTG_ZAAP(6!J^K BW<


5=6^:MI[#;'6U5X41:3V#]VI/9S2ELH#/M_Z[N/0


M'+R=2):ZB$QA;*4-WOTXZ-46/YTO?+R$\/!KLZU1Z@$K?M?);=\P[B2.+5
MTB:'^CD=N@2&T0U=7G@E&D_EN@5U&G?[A@[(-4R;T95
A+)YQWQR[2Z;L-(+
GE!UG


M0NB%K



M;_1AE%X'M#E!V&OYJQY!P\;VE#J3 5[T 7.0]-!+B
F3ZO9JD@AZY+XO6I



I8

MT\MNM%28%YH/YE.G2XE8Y7%VOSG.F



M#0I_G-$=2;Z.14^#K^K1?ZRA)]2 :.#ESHF:CX?G4H6%P?+J&/D[]1AY
4=8





M]WAYRDS*!4$A#

H99KB-<1!PJ36M'BY





@ACX)5[Y+'0+?+KHP8AMY:*8!$S^0]_'SVS#
M+C+KFA


W





D!PL-=)@
#YJ?!HHP$#X170%3[VBK8F P49.W6A
M@8UV]@0#E*_?KI1T=/UWZ_JO5OKH[!^=_?9B




M695OF?6KZV8O#

O;;O^INQ%N)J=
M!QYZ0EX
?'$H1M#44B^4F&%[_*XE!G]#T2._9(S=!/B(%E-\&D0L.4#DWZB2

MH9J^0UA)F%[F3FWS@IMKAX%WPY+=_-
7=OFRQ






MO?W/':MB7HZ8CI7E&:2\ 7_5BB6_3''RYQ&D2H+7!#\A9DM0991]=4NA .I
MZ%XW&K%BI/RDFOL

M*'$GH\[5DM W)NP-I&:DRSV2]!'
N;EJ=8SGBYB^






MV;E=:JQ-F=#K6EHWTO+R/3S\=8[2'G0F&J[O7\]PK:H0UM-@K7KT.%0;:4PT






&3'%

=BBT:5Q\M&E?509%+&%W-IN!%=;3(J0QL

3DQ
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6SM

MI%=13#-RGFZV


7'4
_??MU






M]HEFA0?Z.:)9@.CE10NX&50#?C^-D[0/0Z#1'04)%?!)W'_K^)BNB9Q[#G
M+/I4. =D2L4Z!6L@2!3H,"5JTA'%I I0+N8155'4X+/IX=[.%X..O%Y31



MNTN(C[99E$/0M=+/($9R9W.(A=+-+&*@]0X(2P6EY;?@(!V6$^8L5E\CBV?O
MLG1+LV+']$T@AK_\O8RV


M[AUO]CK*T5;%0;HLBX%

;]5





MT!&BQ

K
.%_GMXA:*YQ-_YS=7%?4F=^K)^\X/WSE=I(SUZ


'=D
)9




*

/T0\#6%E-]Y9#))Q[5!I@PV.= BSNEFO+VY2:(X!H#N8G6







X62GG_P6J;#=A9V%409
M+T-[MFO^\R\1S5BSONQNZM556B8RNPR^IEF4#<&LN/TCL!9ZDH9CQF'*#]
M&AY16^;T)U3G:HUI/-K+N5WOC

+$O6J*^$GD^/#G%;'(=#^LTQYG 61






MK;K#4T.)$ 64QK33GAY69P35(2)G00 ;.+*P TV'T@]D)%75@&G($
)EJ-L8





MNL- 2R)$XXA

MJVBQM^%+37%&)^UC4M//9ABG

MV(UL9=JSNT3

MVYN+R_N'/Y+RZOK\^M'=%BUVV@W,7CH\66NYX:(^:F;;['+2
.3)T%R6^W



M3


)H7/$NFO34:$ U

M[:6D= DO@ZI=;G(T !+K]L054!91_)(_5/7F,&:)0[R/%I'-+2'U*@$7US







G_\_;KMV_?_3MY

MQE)X9WM!5WS;GWS[[H0 2#@1^X]_.R&







MBY/.S[AVT63%ACC@%&3+27# H'ID#Q?B@?S8R6L#/1.BT
J=VK!:$C1C-U

HZW:F');/3\Z1)


5?-F)[S/@Q3=*^

MCRQ3ABAJ0()M(TMGKQ/*JAP)27CX)61KW/&.FKGI?_T*DOU_V12-['K)_)

M7*!9I#21YKE_J^ #+8JX*AL/CSH'MHU2.WOP/ZYR\^)?3^H=*W;Z23N9C $0
MDC?D_*$L8\#AG[0AW=00$$F@/2G QK6.&U-3LQ& .K:N%Z3U86.4E
RZ)A]/

_GE/^;^BL2A&DR^8;'T

M_!@W%.(Q#@_SK+#/0)DI&6M4


MLE%QB*$.#XHJ@K_!JK[TC



MRW\'S4@\H'%R@9'F4Z1(V7*[^ABO



VF]XFUPF;
MTH+X0SLNP(YZ5-2%28:%8A:2Z;PV_+[F2R7DYPKTCN EK1A+N
)C+1 
SC@2









M8T00H:ISU;];$'8NM: CIP,UM7E(;\M(]

MD+3FP0=
,#:P,]+Y\VBLM





MP=%A9O9RNXUY.J8@KA.!7R?K--MPB\:2M-MR.\W7/LVD7NIV.U8TVP'3])42


M0*9VG9#@G?TGI!'*^:7G)-1LK@I/.3([[B_6]=)IB488QI[[R$0#]84
F3 #


J:K)ZPAJPYD#G



M;NU70K6(/G9Q %93K6EL 33.AJ :EW$Q-

ML?7D:/ VKJ






@E=-0*=L'2IT ##Z5:0T ((G3.YJ%@&'Y)XY!F


$#W3
MV/J6__&

(WNHG2@##WCG*:[$


1W
M

BO;M^CDO
M'P NX3++TJS-9&6?.L-&A)]D&O;&J=-KC/.C0?$
I0TI.H9XJ$C2$=

WIRUWDY3$H/LWH:-' ;D1!.3E
34X$/3KO.#3()ON+AMXG

\?3'NW&7Z*86-R^.QE7OO_*1$^/!E@62LIY


PQL)]F
9\!\==AR %)4]8-%K!T(#O=L[/-J]R_P:(C1 &Q
0_GJ3DT/
MM5X?Z*K

%Y#)ZD.?

'O]^
M






M7\JOPX\#FI=!EK 0-[^C&??K=KYNE

MJ5/$+$L3]I\KVO&\=FB:+L9I5LZ91O8R=DZ4@0:D



UIC7MVC/+6QA
MN9!
;YHX7]YPCM$Z3SE%%AIT[VF ?CJM._]';*#![:0(Z*$
M.VA7-*09G'17ER[NV=+P
17_/*/K-*-W62H23ERE64







DXR$IS6L#5
ML1USV7Q#3+<)/<+D.HG0N '#[$%Z#C3^P$I-9;X@BBU-DAZ\8$6+VG8)I^Y
M_930+'^)MLS]P.WBX%F'MPG\[NLY33!++O5DP8P&D%

!4

T&8'&!:!![!RMS5E\8LCB$_
L






M



+'B1#'1RJ988;!EPS_E2KHJRADR @(4Y
L=
M#;+\*QP '

MO37M
+;P'F=S6[W3SHA^O4XS#QK
6BHJ)R#50-)ZL7W #GMD+76[/LTRN!(
M$\GP&K.1$

M5@G(J&$^(6%)20AY/L*6%R


GS8/7CO
YN

6U=E/0Q[4S!
M++PZ+[.
\HM:\())_$
7@]MR.UWI3#.IM^RQ8_6.XGGZ2K?K6 BUXO4IJVB[








M]MRXRZBD=#EF#*KVGNS*9&APJ==-2A@5?%YR[\_%5O6L'5%
&]+3]Z#1 
M*









M*@W-
U\71DIW
ZL[XPQ&=;ZT*G_:@2;#_RP92FD6[_C5D3;+[NWZ
LB2*'G.

MIR G>2%\;_-)F/5I]5'RQ+_:;.>


MFY%*R3IBMZ_=30KW]Q%4E'A095)/3M@UP- -MFMJ]:JK_R+9YJ#%BM


F22,,
M3Y0CK.9)+(36T3U%




M2*Z!W#!XT]
DO(?8.KX4CRAT6PMJ6J=;


M.SWE] (5%^$!
M68\/UV

M +E1I


+G[FE8KN &
5W3+*/A
M8_#Y-
^I\D[@=!G.0#K7O :E4P7@@.E
K:6ZQK484FX!C:T@MLH5DAA$A2A(


MI






Y



U*&H[^+$*!_S
OXJ![Q+RD



WRR]]+_I@2$OB)


ULN%!II:O\9)'3

$:J1T;ZZK
MW6M;PVM/^;X*?BW2++KJ8'L)QS


M_Q*NUYNS2V;?C)8UVU^PVQ)H2S7$(F77;]]'%W,%+D,V_B0&AE1-W:O3S'



MZ[KSX@N5==+AV0@]GLV[2=I*NW*
CVPX(]_\KVK3B[(4O=X[U NYSS1;13GE

M'L0L;BWU\DJ+GEQ+DC2SM\OP=BHGB^=!_F+[N+U5E.[[?/
[%W]7V:P^
M;S_UI?-/]A



=&



E45YD/$^)N6#DDA_ .ACL&F;N
MX#!+/^) R
XR:15

M&F#F^%%(/

P? 0!JZW//[6B(G

M3).T/SW5
;*H(=[YJGG&M5YK&C\3_S%):SN8OI$!VT4^B
ZW&;)*
M%*&5+$\N2#S%4CD7\8MCMV%:X@X4


MP
59N'BNJ$G:A


K
X&S+Q4KQ
M%C$F:F2HL5!5GGL%#Q%
I.$BOPB^O5





M4
FR]!
#\16E;1



/J6)L@H
M*2$V+U)^2S!.V:]

M;=4*KS(*=L0?*D)@-N1E7 3&_68%D;MI0Z=@!T(#FR84:MG ,FJ86$^(M^R
M?_&31886V(=Z92OAH2#)Z?9*T3YU? 7J\H#(H;-9*OB0[

M7H
L2LN\W4H5N_F;KO;]S2T^&S9'
9XF-
4] 3UP=+3H@#.BJ)S=I+W@T++8


M3KRWXZ?7CZSZ!B[
'


M'FE)FKQILY15R3V:5UKN8;=/;?8KHHL3:)5#N_=-T_Q3K],-A[JPL^IG!;

MYK*^KN/5=
BZW:BD5 Z^HB8-N=?]#Z$.J&'7%PI*C+VA5]
X^HJ\!-GQ K;)1:JD<Q!T9-?^B]\,N</@6&
MT]K^[^YPH%K[?O.C\CZ6]9
ZF-.XM4[7P51]H$_'O@IB$M^[Y@ODL4#6GD=
M

. R*@]W=







[!HE&O
M




RW8.1.WI9+!E3P3B99

9
'D;$:R


M%T_&[H(NCL;\=EWMBD]%H\SI&8TZ4T;0.&0[!C1J=%X.C5LAW146'R#-@
@@
M8 ]#!9



^




T/


3W9EDXYP\@L73T ^.8LC]H5#32@/MABGAL<5JKZ



M%%3ZJ3%041Z\[\NG?)5%_&/W=$6C5_GZ1
\*([T[/%BHW2+#0(P



P@I%6M@TOL5%Q14J@V[

Z 

&(!AX6/+A 8Z^P899=
MM\QM
7.1^?QO 1$?.-04=KG9QNF.TOPV8[%7L9%8,28F=X9N&S4;E!E(L8%
M)PM-ASAJ6#DZ3#Y/R(^W+:NT%TFF404(+G.U:DJINTNFG( L_EJ#S[;K:


M9*3&U3$VJ@[[IL


M/YWC&POY;5GD19# 96K%@!KEP=5I]@K+@ZSFY(65J^-+SDS2EMOSLTC8(RC9







=M%[
!UFV6Z<97/',V9HD
M$OEL+FB3W$#JT(G\N/IUGO+#[KWM[8^255?.2S!*DELB=6(\K/%_IEFJRBG



]-LO\S7
0

MVO+R]W*P[V[+@Z@KK%4=]L[-8+DER#UUTGF:%[?K'](TY%;0[)7%*_D#
T35

MT!!!Y*EMFP55=2R6JUI8(D+4SGK=]&O'FM1WFXL[ [ @-K9Z2X:QW17:Z5N^




MADSTJHWX8YM

2_@?N!?Q&L3@K^Y9])]%*S:1P _\


YZ[E@C=CA'[W?*R;=%9QJ$L-ZOT
MCBZ_C^A8S8O9!T-]B^Q:(\)5XIR]

++]A3-C4\NA/V1
MBR&_5/\7Y!$NT/5=^
Z6KD@



1Q91JS(PR(0*#O:[RF^FG@K2L




TU05UTG/J
)U3R2T9 BZI\Q#?4!:GW'G7Q9\?BZ5MW;^.AN

8AZ


N\[2VL+CPNI? HP6)[17963CQ

Y63B467*F@B)ZKD+^#?@5YE8BUZ_A



#$Y
3(S
M
;[1NQ_X)D3Z_!YZ.E6]]QZ;.\)7=L*JU5:23.S



MXUS\AIY%







?B


@C
M/Q;RO'D@)$O[J)(VGIZ




;_W+^S]'2;

C^*TTMQ8A/*.

(_);+Z6=VGD

_)_9&?1BNNIA&1??JV

1EZNRSRXS[O
M$!=FW


MN8H8#&*/[)K8=!0-XL9P;.=


M6:BU$N?(/!
FE34^ H]1S([^'$91&&VV_BV+:^[L1$4/H1-K_P@LN'#6+3W
MUS=::0/H+C[)Z%OT&9B;I\:,ND7&:C(_98RR8\H7_FE:D7/*WZDHN%A^*\\









P# 8%JSC0$$7:1*((_Q^1
M6??HQT2DCF0B#_2%GTB*Z&

YEQU@C@7

M
S\N6CK?P


M\L !7Q%.3M(


MH
E.!\=K&X:1:7:XUW(
[1


M N_/C?'^:U_#8 L'6R[R&2L(#HMSWA5A12$9T%E7W7EWJQT8R ;'7MLI 728

M^L\CR@Y.;_R/)
G)&==

(-(Y^?^)9_AT)H !
M@SD^HO2@V#$ #!87EE4TY8O-)TK#XFY$V&
4D/2&QMHM3]W']1G%#+Y^[LWO


M%#NP6
:BJ

(T@Y3
#3AF(*@F
M-73&](IAUX^5FX/RRF ;)3EG=N



M'*C]1J+[!T[5X2-7NGMRF2_N)O-\)K85-@






$@Q-$!31J

7_U@12!9J BENQW!MRMRBGIB+


2-BCD,]@)]DC8'4W)#JA\QGX$8K1

MSE2J%&#/0!A*L$RM
R#9X5@JX%YA663!%



MM952PL
+:RN0 O4$ES;:);P

 N_8Q+9C:7&!
:
MM5-_]-YX&TGR?]3'\;B O'(D43RU-I:[DT6=ODVAUY+IJYHX9_-*9_QX4P*V


M9:?&-'S?



M^05)4T*

1')]VS(BI1)!,H]FR] $F
MX6\^XW]6A(R][T2-%+V]JGMA05\/L)]*)E-)98T%(=C4?SRB)]@PJNJ1AED
M1AF/M!
3:Z!\W




VB!3\1:FK@M=N!WX?'


M*U9C@=1(+#B0+*O
B.LS&#U-%W -'2R(];*/ R5E#B 8-/@(0 RM56TTQM!4
M.!
7.G(Q:1=+/V)%K32V








M29;Y[H8L\T8#NC8GF-?8&RD[; IP.I^+$@YBFZMI^#4):!)P1@H@S+5@R*BN


Y7*NRY-=.3'?A*0

M8



MB)0O9WPFV0









M=&I:JHH^HSHVO-KZS_48!-T1O=[*=:W*@36=9:SBG$DUIYSLS^+GZG'H\(:P







M\4Z 6!_/2%R?


MU9&/R7 DG@#=/#:HWTAD;7$L-E-N&#(NK;AJ1F)UZ2]Z0V74/7#@IM8^+2AU

M6JN8.L#Z6+.SQ!6EUD1D%&&S1+^TR9LZJT@X1(;=54['OZ7#;^V3MT\4*O):



Q' ?(05V'6I

1$IXT#VFR2
_
MI6E)_A/G-R:&:HH/WV@QQ8V B8'@&T)B+ ^R&Q,]^)NJ.OYQP 9R0-&#1
MLJ\R ZB[Z_T269KCW PXGGF![UU]M4]7&=038):5P0X@*I;B=7@-%NY#O
;


RM9E(H+NO6?+GQVHVK*.731-^
Q2F_XBZ'?



7A$
M*/#8;%EC98@X:?)-O_=95U'VNP.#=

M-QDMAJ_L^)N


M@FP;^HPLQV4Y]AE9.YJ15=!JD)


IDFY)HUVWFVH;9+VLYW5:E^;K#DJP93F%8VH]#
MVGK@I.I!-S]BGWWVA61%K 7?JTN2*P84:M';R_7.!X









V%EF3@AO\T?.

M-.TKF/L


_
M?@AVXGF\WG:A_&-&
M!0S@+V1B$[0FJV0OF*W:#ZUF]^]*BL R%MZ<QZ/P8&#<\X

0J(2'*=S8_]


RIVQ=\Z#8G/A:QT@0


MY8=_ON\)S1?S)2:9\LP]?#BP80





ZN_EK]\'6-#0AOL*FW75JA40DQRCY:?G
M'_6GYV9A


MW_7VKB_F8\3=81N/C:5FH:^*?)5U;
 ^BU:O'78^2?G'B-0OB5_FGHLW3]/

MM5;P7B^0JKWK0YD1''JF=W\^M?B#.'
U75R?_\9 :]UQNT
.A:MV \DBP(_
MEGH7OG]GQ;O@_;GQZ;VW89P%FRM2^;A(CW^AU0Z/Z0WN46BQ@,6'L*KLQAI

82
&13.M7X7[=P)\Q_F(7\4*CR9%

M 



M[MJJVZ^+/;AIQ8)S&;R.TB]GC)Z)]H43MT8KHUYHS'M%Q!.8(O2385FL+9

ML!0***'@F@@]BY+[BV@N


MLE=3[\X6WR'HMRA[*!YDYX)+'Z+E+3U-

MDP;W2^+/Y_SH4

02RP^V:.9-8%6TG
MA]-FMB1HOQ*1-.T

/)9U/.(

CIJ*7). )D%A]Q





M4

IYWUL'UM8!P).+


V&J%\!YRQ\A6CHASS%6$%[28U)U=V]1
F3!P -A9(4KZ#=;$50?7
M=JUAV*37:28S/(LS?Q$O-MA $RCEVL3U3!T)(SC@*A^5M9NR;\-)J6[^S<
M+&.=L0'4V;41;[BP<3@/L2OH&E6))*(9+#?BE2P#)9O_\
[Z6'=JX;SN(YZ

M]_*A8N
4#MK@K%Q*,?D$ZJM5Q-(DEM@:O83\33R?J2 LU67P?(39YQE!I8
MT=17Z[W=#@=B


M*^ZEYS (:)YD*=^7]4&-8\9T;6/:^HJDD.KN+TYF
A 6MU6=ATB7JC-R6-=&


V*



N
+F
+DDV
(G053622^S
MOF%5=^WXY!7@WL9]8KA/3&^M_Z M_DLC*%53@6G^GEJR-DTX9H^R8<GS+



M[3-?Y
6\K=Y05$

$%P0.(#K/B&DNTQWV[K.# 
#HV84!Q!-3\QQ


3DQ
C
Q+GAS9%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( %=\O5^.SM@ A8  $4B 0 5                9BO  !C
M:7)T+3(P
3DQ
C
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 
4     !7?+U0JR5I.8@B  #
M)@( %0              @ '-Q0  8VER=TR
#$Y
3(S


3DQ
C
Q7W!R92YX;6Q02P4&

 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInterestPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccruedpayrollandcompensationexpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_CurrentmaturitiesoflongtermdebtOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_RelatedpartypayableLiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_ShorttermadvancespayableOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGrossProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNonoperatingIncomeexpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_CustomerDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfOptionsAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=CIRT_MrHawatmehMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfOptionsAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_FairMarketValueOfAccruedOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_NotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationEffectOnOperatingLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleStockPriceTrigger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdTradingDays'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLossOnDerivative'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityReverseStockSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleStockPriceTrigger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleThresholdTradingDays'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_ConvertibleDebenturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_AccruedInterestOnConvertibleDebenturesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfOptionsAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=CIRT_EmployeeAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfOptionsAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=CIRT_IehabHawatmehMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=CIRT_IehabHawatmehMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfOptionsAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_PromissoryNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_BorrowingFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_PromissoryNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_PromissoryNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_PromissoryNotesPayableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=srt_PresidentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=CIRT_BoardOfDirectorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_BorrowingFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_AccruedStockOptionCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_AccruedDirectorFeesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedBonusesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalesCommissionCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_AccruedAdministrativePayrollCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RestatementAxis=srt_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RestatementAxis=srt_RestatementAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_ScheduleOfAccruedPayrollAndCompensationLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsIncludingIntangibleAssetsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesReportingOfDerivativeActivity'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareholdersEquityAndShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=CIRT_RelatedPartyAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=CIRT_RelatedPartyBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=srt_PresidentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=CIRT_EmploymentAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_QuarterlyBonusPercentageOfEarningsBeforeInterestTaxesDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_BonusPercentageOfNetPurchasePriceOfAcquisitionsCompleted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_AnnualBonusPercentageOfGrossSalesNetOfReturnsAndAllowances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_LitigationCaseAxis=CIRT_DelinquentPayrollTaxesInterestAndPenaltiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_PaymentForAcceptanceOfDelinquentPayrollTaxesInterestAndPenaltiesOffer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_PeriodOfRequiredOfferToRemainCurrentInPaymentOfTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_AmountOfTaxesWaived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedPayrollTaxesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_InternalRevenueServiceRateOfCashDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=CIRT_PlayboyEnterprisesIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementAmountAwardedToOtherParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_ConvertibleDebtOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_ConvertibleDebtTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_ConvertibleDebtThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_ConvertibleDebtFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_ConvertibleDebtFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_DecreaseInAccruedLiabilitiesAndRetainedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_CIRT_ForfeitedUponDissolutionReducingDeferredTaxAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=CIRT_DissolvedFourSubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_ConvertibleDebtOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_ConvertibleDebtTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_ConvertibleDebtThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_ConvertibleDebtFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=CIRT_ConvertibleDebtFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C
\    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O


M@]




'Q#DY1KNDAF'(ASKEIAU*


M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F


O

MV?Y]



+_JG;*SI(]RS$M1Z5Q6D1*G1;PBSUOJ
'V7,M-K+XDQ_-91%/X^@H3OQ:F!=Y_RJZ XWBJ#O]=W$3A84W
M.[$:!UEH]QL=KMK(LHMBMU+RM_:95^YY;]]DM*/A!-H1:$^@GQ-81V ]@;!/
M5E'R#X(F;NM]BCN;K;<\.5<R7NDVO36O*DB\IS9VS\TB^ZRW3M[/=JNWI;I
M/+DU83K$ND70 8+TB
3&[@4H)KF@$X?!380P1X16XC(\TP](S
T=F /L+I
M&4K/'#T;T

 8T(F?90022/
$E9A OI?G
M-0)AN


M]S?V*((;GT!;

_BN7W=SS3Q#9EFJ?3JW42M%5U[XF\2:V#HP+)+Y^^RZ86# S
MFS0OPH/_



MCW_&I




MMP#0[P:H
41@.3J;CU2]$5FU537Q;-]6F=B_ZE@#L5.O.QOSGTW?!;J+8-


I&C&C$\'CR

M.91R
XZ*.5%8^YR2W$DZ !UA%'$3(HY*.4 EDK 'RFBB71LVL\RP K4C(
M%'G4(

HQ1@@R%?T:
G
FL
=23H=&:5BCB2









IFO/Q9A@#R7I[Z:'IYBW^ 5!+ P04
M     !6?+U06K5K 5X#  !L#@  &    'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M+GAM;(V7;V^;
!#&OPKB?8MM_AA72:0FT[1)FU1UVO::)DZC@#I^F^_0RX


#T?=#@2KQ2D[R!]2_SP]U.8J&++L\E)63:XJKY;[I7]/[S8L
M; 



6'XQYF
T/NKBHW&\
M@[B&DLAY3)NKD@E%C%+$D)T** $4%R53@2E*!%)%# 26 XJID0L%1@[?

.SFLF#23B+:.SB(
*KTP9W/\HA4^PR

.#.S6#3DV):]56Y';N.N.
;&8:
=RF&;172ER?

U3]02P
$%     @ 5GR]4.Y;AD@



MC#=E$HCQ1\916D9!&!2$.P=TXH!I@GK&ZYBR8R@)-6AM0H0AXC(4:+)

9\



8^TLZWV 1GC&%L:\-: *05$T;0QZ&)8:@Q!0

M8RSZ!YAX8*:K&6/F$6/X'BGZN 2@H :@J@NCSRR] 'JRMH'R!D+J(\5Z^4


$%     @
M5GR]4!L#

+1;O=NZIH/]4G=_2_








:$

@G):;$!*D]%_[AP

!(

(



MW:3%V+


&UL?5-M;YPP#/XK47Y
MPW'7;3H!4J_5M$F;=&K5]G




$XBO@/Q3N

_2N('U#NDMQ6G9)(O4[3





O
&PO=V]R

 &!!VV



M?;!Z8D$I6KR

7; \?9

M=W\H_$?]_2K!/A'L_]OB6L[]FR)L
5



O


M ;Q._[Z '==-K+P 

M1AO)G#=-2VQO@-41) 6A27)#).

M 4^#8]'+

@#7YU?VAUB[K^7
+-QI
M\9O7KBOP'J

MEVGG*N[C=).E


#];VI@C.V




_2N('U NY-:=3DFD7J=IDS;IU&GK9RYQ$E0(&9!+
M]^]G2)IF6]8O@(W?\[
QV6CLDVL!/'G6JG








;^


KXAV*=^B]
M%OM#FK%K()IC3E





3

M?5-A;]L@$/TKB!]0$I*V661;:CI-F[1)4:=UGXE]ME&!\P#'W;\?8-?S-FM?





5_ABNH$!Z5A!PE*I=64O;.HYY8@A0M7L==FK0/X\TMGV#K


M0YRN0DCU(8/-AL*:A^/]^%LQS$;#8_=](/8_(V+7U!+ P04     !6?+U0


MV1NFA32TS)/O;

E;M!:V!\G4#@6=$=?'4^R[7QTL#+O10N?P7_I

MPUS/+25S\1_ABJ$1R4A1X7*I954@_.H9Y8@18N7:9




MI90:6B=-2RQ4&;W;'HY)B(\!OR4
;G$FH9*S


]5Q3
M
A7_'2Z@
#PHP1R%42ZNI.B=-WIB02E:O(Z[;.

7P9
M

W^0]?)SV'\+6LG7D;#R^;.Q_98P'E+*YPA%J\(/-
MAH+*A^




M&2\C)YU2!N#\_
LP$  -(#   9


0Z9 \7
/S/'JL+H

M\LJ[#.P=C6_R!SY/^R


!  #2 P  &0   'AL



MDS;IU&GK9RYQ$E2(


MLG$EY6 =ZIG%2]'B==IE%_=QNDF2&;8-X#. +X!#S


M^38\V5281'CRA\)DFR#=)$@C0?K?$K=BTK^2L%5/-9@F3I
E)0Y=G.25=QG8






M;Q(&MSB36,D%\34:'ZN<;J(@4%#ZR#=H5'4H2!1D_)DXZIXS Y?F=_3G5
-B9+R)^%%D5D<B!U[WXGXQ-LC

\I^%J*$_\'SM?ANU6%



M='



];RC9K^UQ!87A4@CE*JWQ:2=G[8/7$


MRNA

72/1%'
:8_@R9HY@R#ZGX&LI3OP-G*_#=ZL*=PF^





O



M1J.X\Z9IF.T
\JE&1IDGQ@B@M-BRSZ3J;(L'=2:#@98GNEN'DY@L0AIQOZ




M

 &!!W6/BLV;0O5Q97DN/O[





M3F\HJ:#FO?3W9O@&4SU[2J;B?\ %)(8')9BC--+%E92]\T9-+A%\9=Q%SKN
MPWBS3R;8.B9 
D

#'9AP4Z/5P@?3-LQU



M/\'6 7P\!EP2'G8F@I?R^\*#*+ [%C[SL1GWA[Y*$W972F5J2[(-X%[[78
MWM]F[!J)IIC3&
.7
7
$^QSKZ6XL3_@?-U^&Y5X2[!=W\HO%LGV*\2[!/!

M5NV.VC 0?)4H#W#)&@+A!$AP5=5*K82N:OO;@('HDCBU#5S?OK:32R
S^8
_
M

M

M/GPR5



 ]J%D4UWQTGZB];Z
M'U!+ P04     !6?+U06^X\L;0!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='
O

  UMJ8

.;*%K1P=Z:'#O_4










H
V1T2]\=3[)N


\O@F'_!QVA^%K67K
MR
EX?-G8_\H8#YC*Y@)'J
$/-AL**A^.UWBVXYB-AC?=](/8_(WS?U!+ P04


W@E.SA;X@:MA?UU F7&G.[IJ^-1-JT/


A#7YU?UC[%VK.4B'#P8]4-6OLWI
M'245U&)0_M&

*IJ+%R[3++N[C

K8AWF+Q#
_ 5!+ P04
M     !6?+U0KS1 U<8!   W!   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='




MERK'B4\(!)36

MY[T6=+O/R-43S9C3A*$KS&9!$

XP2Y*
ML L$N_]*/-R4&


MM7TF]MA&R\4%'&__O@/VNN[6+\ 
YYRY

F<17P
M_) P^M69Q$JNUCY'XW-=T%U

RBJ?5E(-
M/E@]JV J6KQ



M:&5E='



(H%U=2]
X;
M/:E@*EJ\C;MLXSZ
-[O]1%LG\(G 9\)=C

D+[SSP-[S


1L-;[KI


M=Z#\3:V-9
Z;IB&V
(O,*A67HS7AFH<WR[.1S3@(^ %PZ#
M79Q1J.2L]6LPOE<Y3D)(*!T08'Y[0)W($00\FF\39IX#AF(R_.G^D.LW==R

]5QC-!7_ RX@/#QDXF.46MBXHK*W3LM)


)L90;SZ'(*NA3C2_^ATG;Y=S7 ;


/5Q



MVU[.3
.#Y+^;PM0IOL.H@)+UW+S(X1M


$@_#;
M%1Y J4#DT_@]<=)9,@7YQ?V3[%V7\M%6'A ]4N6KLGH@9(2*M$K]XC#9YCJ
MV5



MDAL_0HW_8+.AH'+A^
&?S3AFH^&PFWX0F[]Q_A=02P
$%     @ 5GR]4 .0
M87VW 0  T@

M:+%9I90:6B=-2RQ4&;W=[@])P$? 'PF#6YQ)J.1DS'





M5F   #$!P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M_!7$!RQ@[A%!VJ2J6JF5HJVZ?7:($] :3&TG;/^^MF$IV$Z:A^#+S)DYMG5.
M




/%$$A7ALTL


M=])PHMD)8* F9#Y#PGA1 AG0AIY$=G*M5/D
.RH&1PZ'A;/92/(MB$XC K
MN:C.3NV);)E8O94@B0KO)@--F-V( 0M


MK4F$BA^MDHBU)$Q
.RRJS6)U;T3.0
MM5-;W\D6I6KJOS!C?_L.Z:7IF'






M:&C=^D5N8WM1Y/RB6-W7GCRTC14_-DX_W&C_Q;X+D^5\H$@B+OZ!E^@'KI
M]D*O@DGE6#?0RIJWGH#3QG^

M
@I4#U?8 6-&2-OX/6KZ4TI#G
]OZI]M[;J6 Y6PX^Q7?535QE_YWA%.]
+4
M
W9V3U<K
M=?1:()+EP=4(C9CM@$$S3#0A JT^I4N%%MT1T?_)MC=(V+BSA [BX@M/YX;
M3/]C
PB*^U1UG:!#O,D.[^D[%N6ZE
M=^!*OS3['DZ<*]!&PP?ML=(=<EHP.DS)7HNACXQ+!3OQA883'VX^ M02P
$


::

M?AW#R3:9:.L$.A'H3(AO_TM()D)R(?ANDI9+_4+,RQ/E1R1I?5


R*Y


/AI']---D_K'D?P%02P
$%     @ 5GR]



'+'!1--
MQV

M?4-HK9QDTFHB=L+D*^

RX$!#+-]1S;BR/G1 8*[!Q.5V1K



$%     @ 5WR]4'[H@:?  P  )Q

MJGX(K:I_B6.1F




%^$^#)F_CT2D:-:PA2 [


M
/KI:Q4L;UIAQN@PH()=+C 5'-U0

3/
M&-O%(.2+J@%T\-KR3I6HUKK?8*P.-;1

M]

3
MXHD0SX0H^2^!3 2R(N#1F8OZB6E6%5(

M(SE-TY45#RS)*2%^.\1KAWCLY'Z!QN0O//B*$+HU%(PRA?Y?' 2);^PTWJ
M=9-ZW'SPUO 'U'''JW[I3$= W;WL
RDN19NK*#%_O7WB??F3PWG0KV0INC
MX#;L20@-1C)\


M;(V5VXZ;

O:B

MK+9NYCHG..



M4A&F=D)H-1&:^.C.A#\ST6MBHVF
)HH];V9U_R_573&1M9C(4LS

I?W%\=7S]U(YPCDZKEF<9T9DR
MJL5[4*^N4G?5.%PEGJ8JC'O&W8_D:P=+B

M

M_NC/7%5H5BF;%CK1L
[B4*7VLWO



V=G







M:NKOM-[?!D&UVLD\J6[47A;FGXTJ\T2;:;D-JGTIDW5#RK
 AR$+\B0M_-FD
M67LN9Q-UT%E:R.?2JPYYGI1_[V2F3E
?^9\++^EVI^N%8#;9)UOY*O7/_7-I




$]]'2(&HN6@LQQP-H8%


M_H@ .]BU X&B 3MPKT 8DN'0@T9 =N*0CH*9P.2




M+GAM;'U4VXZ;


Y8

M785B9P@8M

4*$]

ME3R?:=N$=:DR'Y/R&;=D= 0=GOM2/Q)Z5'**5#BLD;@[D1PRV\S6)7WO



M:&5E=#0W+GAM;(54VVZC



J&MYZ *D
_@NTN



MC'RXL6GMV+N5]6:@+1/@1.A#^+R$:-&


MT_FO#=;PL$T*1%8@GAK8^+
8#I-83&LQ&U]_9E%NH2[

MPZPFVR3^@IN;L L[R:*=Y
I.X*]F=I*KU

:_!
Q+%II7?@

MFRI_P#:S
[.VV4U[QM]$2:FTWINZ%1N[E+)[=AQ1E+0AXHEUM%5?3HPW1*HI

C^V/A
MI3J74B\X6=J1

F5B.54-;4;'6XO2TL;?H.4=8!QC$:T5[
1M;



A4E\S]=.H!6AOS9W1X-H?4/X$7(G1WG: D X@ %T9V;C,#*L448
M,(66IO J_2
DSB)EK]6_A!T
.;
FA#^=GT&F$5[-)*7:AFJU,_VYIVMEC?
MZ3YGO



N%KFE1


TZ9FXAG^_L&$E!0
M @CJ.Y0
'8J3-(G[K\\0AX
'#J6@H!00-%(0&4B03:\HY
.=P9]04Q;4R;;K
MOFT0_\5U)8TT*P1(&O$5P9T&/=%J$-QKT)1F8T'=0@%\@;A&U


Z[4'


!3]*X0?\$I!10V2J





\UTQ*Q^^6U.URZL#^

Z5^

X
]&A4QC
M!D+FH) Y(&249 =AYB
ATYB!D 4H9 %8NH0)0I @?
)2&V-;.HT9%F0I9/
M6 IA%B

-


#
M3XJ!\5=1 TCOK:6=V/JUE/TC0J*JH27B@?70J2=GQELBU9)?D.@YD),I:BG



R


VU_
?W';*
:]6<IP6%L]333
VY;5%V(5D_=E\T_064
M?P%02P

MRQK]Y


M.K^R?[;)ZV3V5+)77OTN#ZI8NRO7.; C/5?JC7=?V)!0[#I#]M_8A54:;B+1

\
MN@D#G


H!  #

O

RYX;6R-5-MNG# 0_16+#XBY9M
5(&6WJEJIE5:IFCY[8;@H-J:V

M.3).SIR_F
67
O-\(P@H%
ID('JXP!$H-8FTC%]33F\N:8C+^5OV3]:[]G(F

A U1

6






MH+

4
MBP?60Z=V:L8IEFK)STCT''!E2)2@P/





[.[FW0D4O113Y.;IHH1FSGS#!O.&0$I]





M:&5E='


X]/T$

 ^<@O$3H'8L1WM_!I<PL.S
[?%/(Q
MYBZ1G3.1G4

G?LF
\V1'T34;2?1A2O= O:A5IPKTGZ#_HB&CVZ%H-





M^571?H3.25
2+^/@+E4Q'&X6OCJ;]TRC10F8_D C] _1Q/0E=H46EZ!H/L
M^1 (:(OP8WRLL


A.2A1!G=PGI3$@W



X#!1

?286/)@XDV

C^*B=NM;Q73=R.MST=IYIVY[E&;V(


MKOX[N9)6RA6)S%'1ENMOJ[IP0;LYBD3I\.OT;'K]'.?X-S?8P9\=_
7!B^XZ




\ FC31*M'FZDI(

P+4/K!&RN[-MA)7  H
M



M


MI
+IVW2VG3M'KW^EK1



M'P

73


M-)@4@SLSTHU9^-E@4&E[W9J[G
9^
K3H_4:3^6\E_P]02P
$%     @ 5WR]

[*

/R.G/864CO/Y&_MGE;O(Y808' C^79]YM;=3
MVSK#!=TP?R;]%QCSB6QK3/X;W $+N%0B8I0$

9LY=$HV88L#X,XPW(1S!/H7P32$*?^7N+P,<UH@@
M,4<(C$D$RC^8TQC
T%H) @503@C2!*M ,D5I!VB.&./RV;CR 7FB*CIFBM
M*=8T#9!D%LG=N*ZGZ7F$6FB)C5KBE98PT=(N#!B],N]%C(2HXQD79)44Y&L



SIT)F'!2?=^.@XT\N7_P-02P
$%     @



M%

G] /QG]V.BI$WNASJ!K6L)JU#T7'EKOWEU@]D@%+\JE'/)GU'IK(G

MZP.O5F[F.@=TA&?

DV9P$2@-

M MM;19C:5PBM280J/IPE$=D-(JM!I RB*44&+MPJPD6L9'(8\T,)+:Q!:0

M  !\ ^:Y;@:468$R]=T[JP&BS^_[3ZP/[1 @M#9GZU6I1
DLU$KL:6/%/-

=ZWZS]X!8G R:.%L7SA4R:QR(-XTVNV@;1DZI*


MRWXN0;$22PKZ;3 BI8BE=@:!.LBV=C0'4!








MK)#N.:?JSQ&8'#*\QJ^.I[9NC'.0/.UH#=_!_.C.REID4BE;#D*W4B %588?
 KI





M4BUFY;')]H5^J;SZF.=I]7NIL_(T]\%_'_B^W^Z:=B!8S [I5O^MFW\.+Y6Y

ARS&2I[^ZC_W




MQ9&*^4@7Q*3[V'$?VUT0NYZ J2A6W#)/&.S\F-M (S&(7
MV8_=H+GV)*+0
M?CX34BA#-M8(


M
@$*?BH.+Y%T78NF']S'7P(DU12P$-E(

*Z0Y@!,X
M@X''H22./;/ M(<P D<0)<#MTO1&




P#2$(B.D& !DC)ZNB/

O?RZ*K;]+XY]WT7FV2[?_\:?3L^&?_%_6
M25K\QY]6V^WFFZ^_+A:K:!T6W6P3I?#+8Y:OPRW\F3]]76SR*%P6JRC:KI.O




%B&S]'N-&P
M:01I3HOQS^%$GK*\ @;76=H)%XL(VD+Y=ZEWZ_#)/'?[8HXC8JB]I:V^:YR


 :\ )

\*OR;W;;8 O: Q32LD40/0'^+IR'1]^.M2;X+&V;QW\GV=I



/WL












M!*]Z2N&IUGE\*[+@%%L8
 2OV!]7F.\=SA?(YEL).WT
PW@V/Y/3TR [RW

FO4




M
.1PY!558%A$3^%.39*HQP ;0E+^@Q_OL!LN0$*AA&U+@CQ)0P*\X'4Z'!


MQ
2= I1:EOK])DSBM
M?/L1D%6HOL2)[\(%/G0@UR]9_MF:6LX0EK;*L]W3RL/#Q#NBV2/$4@Q<''\
MRI;\^K 1=(A Q&#7![ZCCR& N'5!M.55Y*AJ:Z8&-(2MY*0\\M$08+!''/1H



!

DFT8* \1-0*AJ7S7;'-B#\BOI[ 'S]<

M?LIV5;@WK@HWNYQ\%3KK&YS:6WHVT7 LZI]0OSS!L20'!U3Z2/70.0Q)TU

0M$8%HA,@T:@?1+T_@B7AD@B/0A;Q'79
M1@F6:PR0EAHM/S#JK.='!\G([+:A?1$W8D
EOP84!GV
DJ0E@MT)$%[9Z%


:V&%





(J+D8D$F42^&=NB

-EYN'1?^%\ $\F ZV-,PC![LP1VXX4:(
M:IY




]X


MR[M_*OYA-S(F#O
C\%TAGHZE%4+RRBTOV949)K]0T\DF&&[5(CPGH$G&F/
F=H?'MD&7Y R[#BO6QM]ZMG1(;0W89M5.[ZGP@1.EU%
MV@C0CYF]2*!M@\)1CEBK&=3;]5B-%Q$S.8^V+X@.ZJ01I5+$*=#1T%)N!E7-
M)K'$L(F7

&-A6CD0S


M!'+ 6*(S


.-WLL*4(;0#G[@JU< *4






1W[


M^(41GT6H:J%5@BL084?CLZ W. LF9V-/MT:) 6:BLW874V?;L-1N2I&XV&I%

3=AJ+#0!0%

M93K/]E/+LQ0^+X1'U2U5(*MI66A_ 01
SW(QXJ89.7FB/G:I'B2IG=#N21A%



5XR.\7O\ID_7CG6LD&I)2D7Z18#H.
MB0:!F1Q4CH:3X QH\NB

(




X3/(A//R#+!EI-$9:-B[.C







-1=OL101DQYPK

.//M4(%

8+Q

Y8.[X)
M_SZ/5F'R:('\
0IFT]Z)3'3:#R;#TR] ZEY%AG'50!BUKL

M&-NWLR85' S/20SM0ZSL'P'=Y1T
O^#=.?&;
Z2%O7& G 1\&@:34;G).W\\

1R/\= J? 
/I@%WUML6YSW)MN(1[F/M_5]




DI7&AE9KX2
Y*!*
M+CT


X -49'GB



]O*+?'Q34E]K@%/%D
M@MW.DS &X?H'L2P#W5B2CD7I87Q56H7PEP%VV31\86\%)/H?7&/!+9#P!

(VJAXY)
M

MZDB6/'1F1MVA,DPNK6V7(]LN60O W$JB2G(#AOJC!D A5=7YYA'*$GE7CK
$0,0<&WHQ43J+Q(FM+7+;IL[T
]QFB\@C!15\
WKU:&@H&X^[8
M7\
3X%1

M#486J):TS2.$P$VX906MV3E(J&N]G' +IYY&)J8$&1(RU3&\( .X%=$7 #LB

07;P-?

+X&S&D<+RA9-+=T;191P[/BS\(J!RHL5/66

%=+O





88^?4T:W
J^


(7$ZY;T#4(5T


I=:Y!'.
M 1*

MAUPME=JKSDHUU:;UJ8L^G.0$9:
&'M!+9K;8Y00QXN.B-89&G^I$^[90OY5-
M



#JD\U!C2;!:#ABQZE^'WX?CFQ]KO:M




M**P7?@E#SF

MFCSWX93.@L'92-P-@P%*^:.**Q@L@R7[H\$TZ)^=2?-Q $(PH79=PY6'&4Y

BP$'


MKGPEZNGFZ26;-R468*F+'%@) YCDJU8Z.?7RJR2'_7*T
MV[K*-A(I*IE9N]
MT





&V]P\W

M='$E'VY; ]#@\.P[#L\%!H38?LY5[^; =FWV'-=FUEF4C/WJ%?;Z;0&[K1WQ



:
M%3W#


M_YB.SX+1Z
*3#*PS/\MQ2KC;9#R:3


9P#G
%HR'_T1_ %R!C7


MFJ_YN ^7/!J/6=CLCT=!;P3]JZEW1&!L1IDX:4[JZOFOJ=

K96I.G6*0L62IAME$G;7@8V5VDC9#QB_)*H5B
MT+Z4SY-2$@2


MQ3+7WDC7NY$*


.TIE_D;2:@/5XVGUWAC/W@M
IX

M*:IZ)D#J!N27LS__*+17^49/Y#+
%U;O?;A7H5O57W]A\#=^&_2!N Q0F:L;
MFJ\J^A



M?WC:F4Z!XSV1_-DI
Y




48$^QLY&9WJED3ZGIR?L96GE6
MJT:KEJI-7_785DOEQ &*Q6[;CK(BH?&K(U5HS=Y5+CMA)*Q?F





(IDP
E+B-5$V_
M[S&A&RO.LE3OR0'%LFT Q)#TP

(Q8MXRY5<=41!Z80*_2(
MSBB^KII%+LZ2.X)'9PLSMYL+F*U/0DAXZHSO&TU-ZVEB]27CHGB_'BL#O#



L*39


ME\_D)]_^3'73.5=&.86#5&GVF%]RG8
Q#0MG6+#X2Q;NU
@Z+U@2SK




MK]9L#3@].-,TR ]*6;#0X_V@9+-Q. R3$*2 =-*



MDS.QKJ5*









MG1H]M)13'?

VB*?K1DI W8E
MY(:%5:[9Z\2I

M/D6IR:UQ'&_;*S

MDH36CK%7=9VE]
 +U9






MH%:BH-M6$_TJO]4'(O35F)/%*EKNDI)L-3

MD7P% /Z@X/^T%+S!S:0-X#1TI;^TN4)5E47#;!DNZE--WM9:D]F?H=Y+H&T)

E3NCE.+JTXARUWH-
M/@IG9Q@$=ZK_G7#K6^VF8HU.B:HI*
Y\DM%_B$#40&Y]- P&O3/U#R9+F@@X
MG09]D

MZ: D(+YS2X+&@R
:M@ I%4]?[=X*=/ZYJ\ZW+C+=ZJ@.YRJI/Z-_SI+-;79Z

M[R2UC'SUCC


/_




M_J:W^:/D1)
(H+:F[+=

M6$2H\!J*Q9FI(
;&:[F


G<8<NJVOB[


MF7/_WO;QPYH#4_BWZ?SW8A' 
N)3$Z2NT92+N81\&YBT- &Y1J=;Q*G'.RL7CJ[
M#VA#$1E$HC1

M]Q0%B3)A$_VN86



ML82  14P@^^1AVA# 26K+C@WK63[6X:O!0PBVT#*/4^F8'%2T/M F
V\_X


M_AIG
A-5)ZFJQM0I$9-P;Y]2*T!SD?IO&E_3C/W?'EQ2T;;6ZD*:@T_*+8]Y


[L
M3 J:O9MKK$JR4]-@5@MS'YMHY@JR*5%U$_U=0$_=2OJ&W\3AUA.A@-4O
T
MV\=\O(6;MD73&IE^D5-9I3BML]]+ZE$L%()&

M_/?0^7/1


MZ7NG^3SC*9]LV+

H$TAYP#JTC@JD%);\

MPC%!I0331D)0)CAJ&+J




VP7
IDMOJ8W@M6%:&*\!8W)TF+8]I)$/XU?2Q=*N;








M:XB^P\09
T-;(:Y-*6/9[LNL2$O]9@FDA(=;4K@Z0?-6L8662K._!=?L


3%I)

MA%@P@YSJ8%]CADF(#7




0'EQ (:8 XCIMM9#S'1

M@(*3$ %L8!PS'#YJ
 L5'@+


_8
M_^;R_ =02P










M58ZB*D=AE:.XRE%@Y2BRA19!8JL D56@2*K0)%5H,@J4&05*+(*%%D%BJP2
M15:)(JM$D56BRI19)4HLDH4626*K!)%5HDBJT*15:'(JE!D52BR*A19%8JL


O8V]R92YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !6?+U0

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !6?+U0



M %9\O5!:M6L!7@

M971S+W-H965T-YX;6Q02P$% 
&UL4$L! A0#
M%     @ 5GR]4!L#,%O8!   (Q@  !@              ( !H!D  'AL+W=O
M<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %9\O56P]36KP$  -(#

M2P$% ,4     !6?+U046=6%;0!  #2 P  &               @ &3(



O

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !6?+U0?[)DW+0!  #2 P  &0





M

)\3)ZS 0  T@
  !D





M%     @ 5GR]4
+2^PNU 0  T@



YX;6Q02P$% 


M!W*T 0  T@


M970R
RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !6?+U0**U8UW@  !T0  &0


M971S+W-H965T

  !D
M             ( !UT







M:&5E='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !6?+U08]]^'[D!  #2 P

S+GAM;%!+






V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %9\
MO5#CXB9D( (  )

M+W-H965T



4


M4$L! A0#%     @ 5WR]4%*&A(3K 0  - 4  !D              ( !/V8


2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !7?+U0-_DX




M A0#%     @ 5WR]4.XK]WWJ 0  S 0  !D              ( !
80  'AL


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !7?+U0*C
U0A
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 5WR]

O




M            4:@  !X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (
M %=\O5!*YVAN:@(  $8-   -                9#J  !X;]S='EL97
N



  +KV      $!
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019








NOTE 6 - OTHER
ACCRUED LIABILITIES


consist of delinquent payroll taxes
 interest
 and penalties owed by us to the Internal Revenue Service (&#8220;IRS&#8221;) and
other tax entities.


consist of the following:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
806
331
    
    
    
758
827
    

    
    
    
271
668
    
    
    
45
638
    

    
    
    
1
077
999
    
    
    
804
465
    



as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 include a non-interest-bearing payable totaling $45
000 that is due on demand. Additionally
customer deposits totaling $226
030 were included in other accrued liabilities as of December 31
 2019.


compensation liabilities consist of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2019
    
    
December 31
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
000
    
    
    
4
000
    

    
    
    
135
000
    
    
    
135
000
    

    
    
    
121
858
    
    
    
121
858
    

    
    
    
2
148
    
    
    
2
148
    

    
    
    
3
494
630
    
    
    
3
450
660
    

    
    
    
3
757
636
    
    
    
3
713
666
    



consist of accrued employee stock option expenses. Options granted during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2019
 were issued
during the year ended December 31
 2019 (see 


000
stock options accrued during the year ended December 31
 2019. During the year ended December 31
 2019
 we accrued for 6
000 stock
options relating to the employment agreement with Mr. Hawatmeh. The fair market value of the options was $600
 using the following
assumptions: estimated five-year term
 estimated volatility of 567% and a risk-free rate of 2.31%.







The entire disclosure for accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.
































































/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2019









the fair value of these embedded derivatives for convertible debentures and associated warrants using a Monte Carlo simulation
model as of December 31
 2019
 using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











000


000



Property and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation

772


065


























029
796

















































































Amount of short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
















































































































































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018











078
973)


166)












293


292





640







215







338







180)


734












814)







210)







224


153)





740


548)





534


081





970


682





746


254












477)


115)





050


875)





427)


990)












611







000







987


380





785)







400







000)







213


380












213


380







610)



Cash
 beginning of period



824



Cash
 end of period




































439









000







027




















































































































































































Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities of discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of operating activities of discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.



















































































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the obligations due for goods and services provided by the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries
 subsidiaries of a common parent
 an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























The net cash inflow or outflow from the excess drawing from an existing cash balance
 which will be honored by the bank but reflected as a loan to the drawer.




























The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.




























The cash outflow for a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








115
090


115
090





105
025)


103
025)



Property and equipment
 net

772


065










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








900


900










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








714


714










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








886
267


886
267










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








209


209










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]

















Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018


















814







210














024







000


000



Property and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation

772


065





796


401












611







121
401


115
177





740


000





994


594





655


633





077
999


465





757
636


713
666



Accrued interest
 current portion

405
946


024
728



Convertible debenture
 current portion
 net of discounts

874


000



Note payable
 current portion

000


000





833


833





079







348
853


156
359





014
621


177
455



Accrued interest
 net of current portion

371
098


251
570



Note payable
 net of current portion

000


000



Convertible debenture
 net of current portion
 net of discount

678
768


390
528





564
487


319
553

















Common stock
 par value $0.001; 100
000
000 shares authorized; 4
500
417 and 4
500
417 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively

500


500





222
615


222
615





461
806)


234
267)





234
691)


007
152)





796


401







Accrued interest
 net of current portion.






















































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of payments made in excess of existing cash balances
 which will be honored by the bank but reflected as a loan to the entity. Overdrafts generally have a very short time frame for correction or repayment and are therefore more similar to short-term bank financing than trade financing.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Carrying amount of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date
 net of the amount due in the next twelve months or greater than the normal operating cycle
 if longer. The debt is convertible into another form of financial instrument
 typically the entity's common stock.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.



























































