

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-011743
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210517
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210517
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CIRTRAN CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000813716
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				680121636
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49654
		FILM NUMBER:		21929216
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6360 S PECOS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 8
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8019635112
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6360 S PECOS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 8
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89120
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VERMILLION VENTURES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000502








     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K



    
ANNUAL
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

    
    

    
For
    the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

    
    

    
For
    the transition period from _______ to _____




Commission
    file number: 

    

CirTran
    Corporation

(Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)




    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    incorporation or organization)
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer 
    Identification No.)

    

6360
    S Pecos Road
 Suite 8
 Las Vegas
 NV 89120

(Address
    of principal executive offices
 including zip code)

    

(801)
    963-5112

(Registrant&rsquo;s
    telephone number
 including area code)


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of each class
    
Trading
    Symbol(s)
    
Name
    of each exchange on which registered

    
    
    
    
    


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Common Stock
 Par Value $0.001


Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Yes [X] No





Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Yes [X] No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 



    
Large
    accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
    
Accelerated
    filer 

    
Non-accelerated
    filer [X]
    
Smaller
    reporting company [X]

    
Emerging
    growth company [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
    
    


If an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]





State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity

 2020
 the aggregate market value of voting common equity held by non-affiliates was $183
303.

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant&rsquo;s classes of common stock
 as of the latest practicable date.

 2021
 we had 4
945
417 shares of common stock outstanding.






    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Part
    I
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Part
    II
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Part
    III
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Part
    IV
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    



    
    


CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This
report contains statements about the future
 sometimes referred to as &ldquo;forward-looking&rdquo; statements. Forward-looking
statements are typically identified by use of the words &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;propose
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;intend
&rdquo; and similar words and expressions. Statements that describe our future strategic goals
 plans
 objectives
and predictions are also forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties
and other factors that may cause our actual results
 performance
 or achievements to be materially different from any future results
performance
 or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.

Readers
of this report are cautioned that any forward-looking statements
 including those regarding us or our management&rsquo;s current
beliefs
 expectations
 anticipations
 estimations
 projections
 strategies
 proposals
 plans
 or intentions
 are not guarantees
of future performance or results of events and involve risks and uncertainties
 such as:



    
We
    may be deemed to be insolvent and may face liquidation.

    
    

    
The
    auditors&rsquo; report for our most recent fiscal years contains explanatory paragraphs about our ability to continue as a
    going concern.

    
    

    
The
    ongoing COVID-19 pandemic is adversely effecting
 and will continue to adversely effect
 our manufacturing
 shipping
 marketing
    and distribution of HUSTLER&reg;-branded products.

    
    

    
We
    have only recently begun new operations with revenue potential after suffering severe operating and legal hurdles in 2016.
    

    
    

    
Our
    recent initiation of renewed operations will face the usual risks of beginning a new business
 including establishing reliable
    product sources
 new supply and distribution chains
 sales
 management capabilities
 and related requirements.

    
    

    
Our
    new business will be dependent on maintaining in good standing our manufacturing and distribution agreement with GloBrands
    and its license agreement with the Flint/Hustler organization to use the HUSTLER&reg; brand name.

    
    

    
We
    cannot assure that our efforts to identify and commercialize new products for manufacture and distribution will be successful
    or generate revenue.

    
    

    
Any
    sizable increase in products being developed
 manufactured
 and distributed will require skilled management of growth.

    
    

    
All
    of our assets are encumbered to secure the payment of indebtedness convertible to common stock
 and if the indebtedness is
    not converted before April 2027
 our default could result in the loss of all of our assets.

    
    

    
Our
    balance sheet and stockholders&rsquo; deficit continue to include liabilities accrued before 2013 and an outstanding judgment
    of $17.2 million owed by our subsidiary
 whose operations were discontinued in 2016
 but which we still report in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles. 

    
    

    
We
    will require substantial amounts of additional capital from external sources.

    
    

    
Penny
    stock regulations impose certain restrictions on resales of our securities
 which may cause an investor to lose some or all
    of its investment.

    
    

    
Risk
    factors
 such as those set forth under &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Analysis of Financial Condition
    and Results of Operation&rdquo; and other factors that are not currently known to us
 may emerge from time to time. 


The
forward-looking statements in this report are based on present circumstances and on our predictions respecting events that have
not occurred
 that may not occur
 or that may occur with different consequences from those we now assume or anticipate. Actual
events or results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors
including the risk factors discussed in this report. These cautionary statements are intended to be applicable to all related
forward-looking statements wherever they appear in this report. The forward-looking statements included are made only as of the
date of this report.


    
    


PART
I

ITEM
1. BUSINESS



Based
on our diversified expertise in manufacturing
 marketing
 distribution
 and technology services in a wide variety of consumer
products
 including tobacco products
 medical devices
 and beverages
 around the world
 we have an innovative and consumer-focused
approach to brand portfolio management
 resting on a strong understanding of consumers domestically
 and we have established a
footprint in more than 50 key
 international markets.

In
early 2020
 we completed phase one of our development of all HUSTLER&reg;-branded products
 which enabled us to generate revenue
of $1
732
625 during the year ended December 31
 2020. Our 2020 revenue-generating activities capitalized on our efforts
during most of 2019 to exploring new product opportunities. In late 2019
 we entered into a new
 five-year manufacturing and
distribution agreement with an unrelated party to manufacture
 distribute
 and sell condoms
 electronic tobacco products
 cigars
energy drinks
 water beverages
 and related merchandise
 all using the HUSTLER&reg; brand name

We
had no revenue during the year ended December 31
 2019
 while we devoted our efforts and financial resources to development of
products.

References
to &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; and correlative terms refer to CirTran Corporation and our three subsidiaries
LBC Products
 Inc.
 CirTran Products Corp. and CirTran - Asia
 Inc.
 through which we conduct our activities. On February 19
2019
 we filed articles of dissolution for both CirTran Media Corp. and CirTran Beverage Corp. with the state of Utah. Additionally
a certificate of dissolution was filed for Racore Network
 Inc. on March 11
 2019
 and a certificate of dissolution was filed
for CirTran Online Corp. on March 20
 2019. Lastly
 CirTran Corporation (Utah) was dissolved on August 13
 2019.

All
share and per-share amounts have been adjusted to give retroactive effect to a 1
000-to-one reverse split of our common stock
effective September 2019.

Principal
2020 and 2019 Activities

HUSTLER&reg;-branded
Products

In
early 2020 we launched our efforts to manufacture
 distribute
 and sell condoms
 electronic cigarettes
 electronic cigars
 cigars
hookahs
 hookah tobacco
 energy drinks
 water beverages
 and related merchandise
 all using the HUSTLER&reg; trademark. We conduct
these activities through our new
 wholly owned subsidiary
 LBC Products
 Inc. (&ldquo;LBC&rdquo;)
 under a December 30
 2019
Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement with GloBrands
 LLC (&ldquo;GloBrands).

Our
2020 product launch culminated months of direct
 three-way negotiations that began in 2018 among the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization
GloBrands
 and us that let to agreed terms in April 2019 and a definitive agreement signed before 2019 year-end. GloBrands is
an unaffiliated licensee to market certain products bearing the HUSTLER&reg; trademark.


    
    


The
Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization
 a privately held 45-year-old global empire founded by Larry Flynt
 operates under the HUSTLER&reg;
brand
 including Larry Flynt&rsquo;s HUSTLER&reg; Clubs in 14 locations worldwide
 HUSTLER&reg; Hollywood adult retail stores
in 34 locations
 the luxurious HUSTLER&reg; Casino and Larry Flynt&rsquo;s Lucky Lady Casino in California
 broadcasting outlets
serving over 55 countries
 and DVD distribution. Larry Flynt&rsquo;s HUSTLER&reg; Club
 located at the south end of The Las Vegas
Strip
 consists of an approximately 70
000-square-foot gentlemen&rsquo;s club over a similarly sized retail store that sells erotic
clothing
 toys
 and associated merchandise. Our HUSTLER&reg;-branded products will also be distributed in outlets operated by
HUSTLER&reg;&rsquo;s affiliated DejaVue organization
 which operates approximately 200 gentlemen&rsquo;s clubs and adjacent adult
retail stores in major metropolitan cities across the United States and several foreign countries
 including United Kingdom
 Australia
France
 Canada
 and Mexico.

In
undertaking this new product manufacturing and distribution opportunity
 we will seek to take advantage of our distribution and
manufacturing relationships established in several global locations during the last 18 years.

In
early 2020
 we completed phase one of our development of all HUSTLER&reg;-branded products and began the manufacture and distribution
of licensed products. Our principal activities during the year ended December 31
 2020
 were related to executing on our agreement
to develop
 manufacture
 and distribute licensed products that allowed us to generate revenues of $1
732
625 during the year ended
December 31
 2020.

During
2019
 we devoted our activities to:



    
    
developed
    product manufacturing relationships with various foreign and domestic suppliers
 including:

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
obtaining
    sometimes at our cost and for our exclusive benefit
 tobacco import regulatory licenses;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
designing
    product logos and labeling;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
obtaining
    regulatory approval for our HUSTLER&reg; brand product labeling where required;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
securing
    at our cost and for our exclusive benefit
 necessary FDA 510(k) approval for condom manufacturing;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
developing
    and refining regular and sugar-free energy drink and water assorted flavorings and formulations;

    
    
    

    
    
created
    samples
 wholesale and point-of-sale displays
 catalogs
 and related merchandising materials;

    
    
    

    
    
developed
    digital and hard copy media support
 website
 product spokespersons
 direct television commercials
 print
 and miscellaneous
    media;

    
    
    

    
    
established
    through our marketing and distribution relationships
 distribution and delivery channels
 inventory management
 and related
    logistics;

    
    
    

    
    
leased
    Las Vegas facilities to house our offices
 showroom
 and warehouse;

    
    
    

    
    
assembled
    a team of contract consultants and support staff to expand into full operations when our business development progresses;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
designed
    data gathering
 reporting
 and analytical systems to support product and market development and refinement to respond to changing
    dynamics.


These
efforts continue.


    
    


Our
GloBrands Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement

Our
December 2019 Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement with GloBrands grants to us the exclusive right to manufacture
distribute
 and sell the specified products
 including the authority to deal directly with distribution chain participants and
to collect all product payments. We are authorized to retain from the collected sales proceeds an amount equal to 120% of our
cost of goods sold
 plus 10% of gross sales of the covered products. GloBrands will also reimburse us 105% of certain of our media
placement expenses. Our GloBrands&rsquo; agreement term extends through November 30
 2024
 subject to earlier termination by either
party following 60 days&rsquo; notice of uncured material default.

The
terms of our agreement with GloBrands are subject in all respects to its rights as licensee under its licensing agreements with
the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization to use the HUSTLER&reg; brand name
 the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization has approved our manufacturing
and distribution arrangement. GloBrands is obligated to us under our agreement to fully and timely perform and observe all terms
covenants
 and conditions of the three underlying licenses between it and the Flynt/Hustler organization
 including the payment
of required minimum and actual royalties to the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization. Further
 GloBrands cannot amend the license agreements
or waive or release any material right under the underlying Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; licenses. Under the Manufacturing and Distribution
Agreement
 we transmit royalty payments on GloBrands&rsquo; behalf directly to the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization.

We
have a limited license to use the HUSTLER&reg; brand name for the exclusive purposes of fulfilling our obligations under the Manufacturing
and Distribution Agreement.

GloBrands&rsquo;
License to Use the HUSTLER&reg; Brand Name

Our
Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement with GloBrands implements its three separate product licenses with the Flynt/HUSTLER
organization. These three licenses
 all effective May 31
 2019
 cover three branded products or product groups (condoms
 energy
drinks and waters
 and natural leaf small cigars and premium cigars
 electronic cigarettes/cigars
 hookahs
 and hookah tobacco)
with minimum initial term guaranteed payments. The guaranteed payments are a prepayment of
 and are applied to
 actual royalties
of the gross sales price of products
 less freight and returns. The licenses authorize worldwide product distribution through
mass retail
 drug stores
 supermarkets
 club stores
 direct response
 pharmacies casinos/nightclubs
 convenience stores
 internet
sales via licensee&rsquo;s websites
 and miscellaneous other outlets. Each license is automatically renewable for an additional
five-year term
 subject to adjustment to the amount of guaranteed payments. All manufacturing
 labeling
 and marketing materials
samples
 and representative products are subject to the prior approval of the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization. As noted above
the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization has consented to our appointment to market and distribute the licensed products under our
marketing and distribution agreement with GloBrands.

Each
license is terminable by the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization if any material default by GloBrands is not cured within 60 days
after notice (10 days in the case of nonpayment). We are not entitled to receive a copy of any notice of default.

Business
Approach

Our
GloBrands-HUSTLER&reg; current activities reflect our commitment to developing our clients&rsquo; brands and licensed brands and
to providing a range of products in various categories for markets globally. We provide complete product development
 manufacturing
and distribution services for a wide range of business sectors. From first concept to design
 engineering
 prototyping
 manufacturing
packaging
 marketing
 inventory control
 distribution
 shipping
 warranty fulfillment
 and customer service.


    
    


Consumer
Product Commercialization&mdash;Contract Marketing

Beyond
our current activities under our GloBrands-HUSTLER&reg; Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement
 we seek to commercialize one
or more consumer products. Through those efforts
 we identify what we believe to be the need for a product or other demand and
then seek a product that may be distributed to address that demand. When we identify a need
 but find no suitable available product
we may design our own product for commercialization.

We
pursue contract marketing relationships principally in the domestic consumer products markets
 such as home and garden
 kitchen
health and beauty
 toys
 and licensed merchandise for television
 sports
 and other entertainment properties. If we deem it suitable
we may obtain rights from the product owner to manufacture and market a particular product
 generally in consideration of the
payment of a royalty
 sometimes accompanied with an initial fee. Frequently
 owners of undeveloped products or product concepts
are seeking branding
 marketing
 manufacturing
 order fulfillment
 and distribution assistance.

Our
commercialization effort includes developing product packaging
 branding the product
 arranging third-party manufacturing
 establishing
distribution channels
 and arranging order fulfillment. We anticipate that these activities will generally be undertaken by third
parties under contract. In some cases
 we may brand a product under a license to use a third-party&rsquo;s recognized name
 as
we did in the case of the Playboy-branded energy drink; seek an endorsement from a publicly recognized celebrity
 sports figure
or other person; or obtain the rights to use the image
 likeness
 or logo of a product or a person
 such as a well-known celebrity.
Licensed merchandise is then sold and marketed in the entertainment and sports franchise industries. We anticipate that these
products will be introduced into the market under either one uniform brand name or separate trademarked names that we originate
and own or acquire by license.

The
contract-manufacturing industry specializes in providing the program management
 technical and administrative support
 and manufacturing
expertise required to take products from the early design and prototype stages through volume production and distribution
 providing
the customer with a quality product
 delivered on time and at a competitive cost. This full range of services gives the customer
an opportunity to avoid large capital investments in plant
 inventory
 equipment
 and staffing
 so that instead
 it can concentrate
on innovation
 design
 and marketing. By using our contract-manufacturing services
 customers will have the ability to improve
the return on their investment with greater flexibility in responding to market demands and exploiting new market opportunities.
Our efforts will be led by our current chief executive officer and others that we may hire as employees or engage as independent
contractors.

In
previous years
 we found that customers increasingly required contract manufacturers to provide complete turn-key manufacturing
and material handling services
 rather than working on a consignment basis in which the customer supplies all materials and the
contract manufacturer supplies only labor. Turn-key contracts involve design
 manufacturing and engineering support
 procurement
of all materials
 and sophisticated in-circuit and functional testing and distribution. The manufacturing partnership between
customers and contract manufacturers involves an increased use of &ldquo;just-in-time&rdquo; inventory management techniques that
minimize the customer&rsquo;s investment in component inventories
 personnel
 and related facilities
 thereby reducing its costs.


    
    


Based
on the trends we have observed in the contract-manufacturing industry
 we believe we will benefit from the increased market acceptance
of
 and reliance upon
 the use of manufacturing specialists by many original equipment manufacturers
 or OEMs
 marketing firms
distributors
 and national retailers. We believe the trend towards outsourcing manufacturing will continue. OEMs use manufacturing
specialists for many reasons
 including reducing the time it takes to bring new products to market
 reducing the initial investment
required
 accessing leading manufacturing technology
 gaining the ability to better focus resources in other value-added areas
and improving inventory management and purchasing power. An important element of our strategy is to establish partnerships with
major and emerging OEM leaders in diverse segments across our target industries. Due to the costs inherent in supporting customer
relationships
 we focus on customers with which the opportunity exists to develop long-term business partnerships. Our goal is
to provide our customers with total manufacturing solutions through third-party providers for both new and more mature products
as well as across product generations&mdash;an idea we call &ldquo;Concept to Consumer.&rdquo;

We
have also designed
 engineered
 manufactured
 and supplied products in the international electronic consumer products
 and general
merchandise industries for various marketers
 distributors
 and retailers selling overseas. We have provided manufacturing services
to the direct-response and retail consumer markets. Our experience and expertise enables us to enter a project at various phases:
engineering and design; product development and prototyping; tooling; and high-volume manufacturing. Our contacts with Asian suppliers
have helped us to maintain our status as an international contract manufacturer for multiple products in a wide variety of industries
which will allow us to target larger-scale contracts.

We
have developed markets for several product lines
 including medical devices
 beverages
 tobacco products
 fitness and exercise
products
 household and kitchen products and appliances
 and health and beauty aids
 some of which are manufactured in China.
We anticipate that offshore contract manufacturing will play an increased role moving forward as resources become available to
us.

Sales
and Marketing

We
review opportunities to identify products that we may market through current sales channels. We also seek new paths to deliver
products and services directly to end users and are pursuing strategic and reciprocal relationships with retail distribution firms
whereby they would act as our retail distribution arm and we would act as their manufacturing arm
 with each party giving the
other priority and first opportunity to work on the other&rsquo;s products.

We
believe there may be a significant marketing advantage related to our development and introduction of the suite of products under
the HUSTLER&reg; brand that identifies our products and outweighs related costs.

Our
contacts in Central America
 Thailand
 Vietnam
 China
 and other Asian countries may allow us to increase our manufacturing capacity
and output with minimal capital investment required. By using various subcontractors
 we may leverage our upfront payments for
inventories and tooling to control costs and receive benefits from economies of scale in Asian manufacturing facilities.


    
    


Typically
and depending on the contract
 we may be required to prepay a portion of the purchase orders for materials. In exchange for financial
commitments
 we may receive dedicated manufacturing responsiveness and eliminate the costly expense associated with capitalizing
completely proprietary facilities. For example
 we previously expanded our manufacturing capabilities for our beverage division
outside the United States to accommodate international customers by contracting with manufacturers in Hungary
 The Netherlands
South Africa
 and India. This will also be the case moving forward with the current branded products manufactured and distributed
for GloBrands.

During
a typical contract manufacturing sales process
 a customer provides us with specifications for the product it wants
 and we develop
a bid price for manufacturing a minimum quantity that includes manufacture engineering
 parts
 labor
 testing
 and shipping. If
the bid is accepted
 the customer is required to purchase the minimum quantity
 and additional product is sold through purchase
orders issued under the original contract. Special engineering services are provided at either an hourly rate or a fixed contract
price for a specified task.



As
we seek to develop and introduce new private label or similarly branded proprietary products
 we may be dependent on our ability
to acquire licensing rights with established
 broadly recognized brand names
 which are typically owned by large
 international
firms that carefully guard their name&rsquo;s integrity and reputation. We have little market position or operating history to
support our efforts to develop exclusive marketing relationships. On the contrary
 we may be adversely affected by the history
of our relationship with Playboy Enterprises
 Inc.
 in distributing its private label Playboy nonalcoholic energy drink.

Competition
in our targeted markets is based on manufacturing technology
 merchandise quality
 responsiveness
 the provision of value-added
services
 and price. To be competitive
 we must provide technologically advanced manufacturing services
 maintain quality levels
offer flexible delivery schedules
 and deliver finished products on a reliable basis and for a favorable price.

The
manufacturing services industry is large and diverse and serviced by many companies
 including several that have achieved significant
market share. We will compete with different companies depending on the type of service or geographic area. Certain of our competitors
may have greater manufacturing
 financial
 research and development
 and marketing resources than we have.

We
will also face competition from current and prospective customers that evaluate our capabilities against the merits of manufacturing
products internally.



We
or the products we sell are subject to typical federal
 state
 and local regulations and laws governing the operations of manufacturing
concerns
 including environmental disposal
 storage
 and discharge regulations and laws; employee safety laws and regulations;
and labor practices laws and regulations. We and the firms that manufacture the products that we market and distribute typically
lead compliance with applicable good manufacturing procedures compliance
 including FDA 510(k) certification for medical devices
such as condoms. We coordinate those efforts and
 when we bear the related costs
 hold the exclusive rights under those regulatory
clearances. We are primarily responsible for complying with importing and interstate shipping licenses
 registrations
 reporting
and related excise tax payments for tobacco products we handle.


    
    


We
are not required under current laws and regulations to obtain or maintain any specialized or agency-specific other licenses
 permits
or authorizations to conduct our manufacturing services
 but we must obtain licenses to sell tobacco products in all states. We
believe we are in substantial compliance with all relevant regulations applicable to our business and operations. All international
sales permits are the responsibility of the local distributors
 and they are required to obtain all local licenses and permits.



At
December 31
 2020
 we had three full-time employees
 including our officers and directors
 and fifteen part-time contract workers.
We now rely on part-time and contract workers
 independent contractors
 and consultants to meet our needs while minimizing fixed
overhead. We expect to continue to rely on this strategy in the future as our increasing activities required more personnel.



In
May 2015
 our stockholders and board of directors approved an amendment to our articles of incorporation to complete a 1
000-to-1
reverse split
 or consolidation
 of our common stock
 decrease our authorized common stock to 100
000
000 shares
 par value $0.001
and authorize a class of 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock having such terms as the board of directors may determine prior to
issuance (the &ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;). However
 FINRA refused to approve the Amendment until such time as we became current in
our periodic reports and received approval for our common stock to resume trading. We became current in our periodic reports
and in September 2019
 FINRA approved the Amendment
 our recapitalization was effective
 and our common stock resumed quotation
on the Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group.

Corporate
Background and History

In
1987
 CirTran Corporation was incorporated in Nevada under the name Vermillion Ventures
 Inc.
 for the purpose of acquiring other
operating corporate entities. We were largely inactive until July 1
 2000
 when we acquired substantially all of the assets and
certain liabilities of Circuit Technology
 Inc.
 through a wholly owned subsidiary
 CirTran Corporation (Utah)
 that we created
for the purpose of completing the acquisition.

Since
2000
 we evolved from electronics contract manufacturing to market and distribute worldwide a Playboy&reg;-branded non-alcoholic
energy drink under a 2007 license and marketing agreement with Playboy Enterprises
 Inc. These activities were terminated in 2016
due to legal and financial problems resulting from Playboy&rsquo;s cancellation of our agreements. The assets and liabilities
associated with our beverage distribution businesses were reported as discontinued operations as of December 31
 2016. In early
2019
 we dissolved the subsidiaries under which we had conducted our non-alcoholic beverage distribution business.


    
    


ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS

In
addition to the negative implications of all information and financial data included in or referred to directly in this report
you should consider the following risk factors. This report contains forward-looking statements and information concerning us
our plans
 and other future events. Those statements should be read together with the discussion of risk factors set forth below
because those risk factors could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.

We
may be deemed to be insolvent and may face liquidation.

We
may be deemed to be insolvent. We are unable to meet all of our obligations as they accrue
 and the aggregate amount of our liabilities
exceeds the reported value of our assets. Creditors may have the right to initiate involuntary bankruptcy proceedings against
us to seek our liquidation. We cannot assure that we would be successful in avoiding liquidation by converting such liquidation
proceedings to a Chapter 11 reorganization
 which would permit us to develop and propose
 for creditor and court approval
 a reorganization
plan that would enable us to proceed. Even if we were to propose a reorganization plan
 any reorganization plan would likely require
that we obtain new post-petition funding
 which may be unavailable. Further
 in the event of bankruptcy
 our secured creditors
that have encumbrances on all of our assets would likely execute and take all of our assets
 which may leave nothing for other
creditors or our stockholders.

The
auditors&rsquo; report for our most recent fiscal year
 like previous years
 contains an explanatory paragraph about our ability
to continue as a going concern.

We
had net income of approximately $0.5 million and a net loss of approximately $1.2 million during the years ended December 31
 2020 and
2019
 respectively
 which includes a gain of approximately $80
000 and a loss of approximately $149
000 from discontinued operations
in 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Our net income during the year ended December 31
 2020
 was driven by a gain of approximately $1.0 million
recognized from the write-off of accounts payable
 which was a one-time event. We had an accumulated deficit of approximately $77.9 million
as of December 31
 2020. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 net cash provided by operations was approximately $471
000.
We had current liabilities of approximately $38.1 million and an approximately $37.1 million working capital deficit as of December
31
 2020. The report from our auditors on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 as for
several previous years
 contains explanatory paragraphs about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as
a going concern is dependent upon our ability to successfully accomplish our business plan described in the following paragraphs and
eventually attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary if
we are unable to continue as a going concern.

The
novel COVID-19 pandemic is having and will likely continue to have negative effects on our business and results of operations.

On
March 11
 2020
 the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a global pandemic. We are monitoring the situation closely
and our response to the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve. Our current principal responsive measures include implementing
a mandatory work from home policy for most employees
 restricting airplane travel
 rescheduling marketing efforts
 and product
market launches
 and updating our planning for future events in recognition of the fact that retail outlets for the HUSTLER&reg;-branded
products we manufacture and distribute are experiencing
 and will likely continue to experience
 substantially declining revenue.
We are also evaluating the impact of the pandemic on our supply chain as compared to product demand. We actively monitor COVID-19-related
developments and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal
 state
 or local authorities
or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees
 customers
 vendors
 and stockholders. The effects of these operational
modifications will be reflected in current and future reporting periods.


    
    


The
duration and magnitude of the COVID-19 pandemic impacts on our business operations and overall financial performance is unknown
at this time and will depend on numerous circumstances outside our control or the ability of anyone to predict accurately. The
secondary and tertiary unpredictable and continuing economic effects on our business and on the worldwide economy could be ruinous.
The probability of reoccurrences of virus outbreaks is high and may continue for many months
 likely resulting in further government-ordered
lockdowns
 stay-home
 or shelter-in-place orders
 and social distancing; restrictions on travel; and other widespread measures.
We cannot predict the impact of recently introduced vaccines
 the rate of inoculations
 and whether so-called herd immunity will
be achieved to reduce adverse impacts. We cannot predict the effect of these circumstances on us and our vendors
 customers
 and
community; the global economy and political conditions; and the health of our employees
 contractors
 and their families; all
of which will affect how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating activities can resume. Even after the COVID-19
pandemic has subsided
 we may continue to experience an adverse effect on our business as a result of its global economic impact
including any resulting and ongoing recession. All of these circumstances likely exert similar hardships on those with which we
deal
 such as vendors
 shippers
 distributors
 and customers. As a result
 we have made adjustments to
 and will need to continue
to adjust
 our business and expenditures in an effort to correlate our activities with business exigencies. These adjustments
may include restrictions of executive and employee travel
 hiring freezes or delays
 and limitations on marketing and other expenditures.
The ultimate financial impact and duration of all of the foregoing cannot now be predicted and may well exceed our expectations
or our ability to cope with them.

We
have only recently begun new operations with revenue potential after suffering severe operating and legal hurdles in 2016.

We
have only recently commenced revenue-generating
 full-scale operations under our GloBrands-HUSTLER&reg; agreement. Based on the
term sheet signed in April 2019 and an anticipated execution of a definitive agreement
 we began to prepare to manufacture
 market
and distribute an array of products under the HUSTLER&reg; brand name. We cannot assure that our efforts will be successful
 that
we will be able to generate revenues
 or that revenues will be sufficient to offset operating costs or recover start-up costs.

Our
new efforts to market a group of products under the HUSTLER&reg; brand name face all of the risks and uncertainties of a new business.

Manufacturing
and marketing products under the HUSTLER&reg; brand name is a new business for us that will be subject to all of the risks and
uncertainties of a new business
 including the difficulties of:



    
    
developing
    a new product that can be manufactured
 marketed
 and distributed successfully;

    
    
    

    
    
obtaining
    the benefit of applicable licenses
 registrations
 and other required governmental approvals;

    
    
    

    
    
operating
    a cost-effective business that generates revenue sufficiently over the costs of start-up and other related expenses;

    
    
    

    
    
competing
    effectively in an industry dominated by larger
 more experienced firms with well-established markets and greater management
    and financial resources;

    
    
    

    
    
managing
    operations and growth.


We
will be subject to myriad other risks and uncertainties
 over which we have no control or material influence.


    
    


Our
new business will be dependent on GloBrands maintaining the license to use the HUSTLER&reg; brand name.

Our
business is fully dependent on GloBrands&rsquo; ability to preserve its rights to use the HUSTLER&reg; brand name. We cannot assure
that GloBrands will be able to comply with all of the terms
 covenants
 or conditions of the governing license agreement or that
GloBrands
 the counterparty to our manufacturing agreement
 will meet all of its obligations to us or HUSTLER
 through which GloBrands
obtained its rights. Under its licenses with the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization
 GloBrands has substantial minimum royalty payments
due the Flynt/HUSTLER&reg; organization under each of the three product licenses
 and we have to rights to monitor whether GloBrands
is making those payments as required or to cure any GloBrands defaults. Further
 we cannot assure that HUSTLER&reg; will fulfill
its obligations under its agreements to GloBrands. Breaches by any party to the agreements under which we derive our rights to
use the HUSTLER&reg; brand name will place the entire business we are currently launching in peril and force us to terminate operations.

All
of our assets are encumbered to secure the payment of secured convertible debentures that require payments if not previously converted
to common stock.

We
encumbered all of our assets to secure the payment of indebtedness and accrued interest due on secured convertible debentures
of which approximately $2.4 million is required to be repaid by April 2027
 if not previously converted. In the event of default
in repayment
 our secured creditor could exercise its remedies
 including the execution on all of our assets
 which would result
in the termination of our activities. We cannot assure that the secured creditor will continue to refrain from aggressive collection
efforts. The existence of these secured obligations will likely significantly impair our ability to obtain capital from external
sources.

We
will require substantial amounts of additional capital from external sources.

We
may seek required funds through the sale of equity or other securities. Our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms will
depend on many factors
 including the condition of the securities markets generally and for companies like us at the time of the
offering; our business
 financial condition
 and prospects at the time of the proposed offering; our ability to identify and reach
a satisfactory arrangement with prospective securities sales and investment groups; and various other factors. We cannot assure
that we will be able to obtain financing on terms favorable to us or at all. The issuance of additional equity securities may
dilute the interest of our existing stockholders or may subordinate their rights to the superior rights of new investors.

We
may also seek additional capital through strategic alliances
 joint ventures
 or other collaborative arrangements. Any such relationships
may dilute our interest in any specific project and decrease the amount of revenue that we may receive from the project. We cannot
assure that we will be able to negotiate any strategic investment or obtain required additional funds on acceptable terms
 if
at all. In addition
 our cash requirements may vary materially from those now planned because of the results of future marketing
and manufacturing agreements; results of product testing; potential relationships with our strategic or collaborative partners;
changes in the focus and direction of our research and development programs; competition and technological advances; issues related
to patent or other protection for proprietary technologies; and other factors.


    
    


If
adequate funds are not available
 we may be required to delay
 reduce the scope of
 or eliminate our planned efforts; obtain funds
through arrangements with strategic or collaborative partners that may require us to relinquish rights to certain of our technologies
product candidates
 or products that we would otherwise seek to develop or commercialize ourselves; or sublicense our rights to
such products on terms that are less favorable to us than might otherwise be available.

Our
financial statements report liabilities incurred before 2013 that may impair our ability to obtain capital.

Our
balance sheet and stockholders&rsquo; deficit continue to include liabilities accrued prior to 2013 by our subsidiary
 whose operations
were discontinued in 2016
 but which we still report on our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). These liabilities include a judgment with a balance of $17.2 million as of December 31
 2020
awarded to Playboy Enterprises
 Inc.
 which is barred by court order from seeking collection against us
 the parent
 and amounts
due to assorted trade creditors and professional firms for services rendered to other subsidiaries prior to 2013
 which we believe
may be barred by the applicable statutes of limitations. The resulting large
 past-due liabilities may impair our ability to obtain
additional capital or decrease the market in which our common stock is traded.

Any
substantial increase in business activities will require skilled management of growth.

If
we have the opportunity to commercialize new products
 our success will depend on our ability to manage continued growth
 including
integrating new employees
 independent contractors
 and consultants into an effective management and technical team; formulating
strategic alliances
 joint ventures
 or other collaborative arrangements with third parties; commercializing and marketing proposed
products and services; and monitoring and managing these relationships on a long-term basis. If our management is unable to integrate
these resources and manage growth effectively
 the quality of our products and services
 our ability to retain key personnel
and the results of our operations would be materially and adversely affected.

Our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31
 2020. Compliance
with public company regulatory requirements
 including those relating to our internal control over financial reporting
 have and
will likely continue to result in significant expenses and
 if we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting in the future
 investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market
price of our common stock may be negatively affected.

As
a public reporting company
 we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as well as to the information and reporting requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 and other federal securities laws. As a result
we incur significant legal
 accounting
 and other expenses
 including costs associated with our public company reporting requirements
and corporate governance requirements. As an example of public reporting company requirements
 we evaluate the effectiveness of
disclosure controls and procedures and of our internal control over financing reporting in order to allow management to report
on such controls.

Our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31
 2020
 due to a failure
to maintain an effective control environment
 failure of segregation of duties
 failure of entity-level controls
 and our sole
executive&rsquo;s access to cash.


    
    


If
significant deficiencies or other material weaknesses are identified in our internal control over financial reporting that we
cannot remediate in a timely manner
 investors and others may lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements.
This would likely have an adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock and our ability to secure any necessary additional
equity or debt financing.

Stockholders
may suffer substantial dilution related to issued stock options
 warrants
 and convertible debentures.

As
of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we had a number of agreements or obligations for the possible issuance of common stock that may
result in dilution to investors. These include:



    
    
40
000
shares required for issuance upon the exercise of stock options; and

    
    
    

    
    
167
761
552
    shares required for issuance under our outstanding convertible debentures and promissory notes at approximately $0.025 per
    share.


The
sale
 or even the possibility of the sale
 of the shares of common stock underlying these commitments could have an adverse effect
on the market price for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing.

Additional
issuances of stock
 stock options and warrants
 and convertible debt will cause additional substantial dilution to our stockholders.

The
number of our issued and outstanding shares was decreased in 2019 as the result of a 1
000-to-one reverse stock split of our common
stock. As a result
 95% of our common stock is available for issuance. Given our limited cash
 liquidity
 and revenues
 it is
likely that in the future
 as in the past
 we will sell stock and issue additional stock options and convertible debt to finance
our future business operations. The issuance of additional shares of common stock
 the exercise of stock options
 and the conversion
of debt to stock will cause additional dilution to our stockholders and could have further adverse effects on the market price
for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing.

Penny
stock regulations will impose certain restrictions on resales of our securities
 which may cause an investor to lose some or all
of its investment.

The
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations that generally define a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; to be any equity
security that has a market price (as defined) of less than $5.00 per share that is not traded on a national securities exchange
or that has an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions. As a result
 our common stock is subject
to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell these securities to persons other than
established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of $1
000
000 or annual income exceeding
$200
000
 or $300
000 together with their spouse). For transactions covered by these rules
 the broker-dealer must make a special
suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser&rsquo;s written consent to the transaction
before the purchase.


    
    


Further
if the price of the stock is below $5.00 per share and the issuer does not have $2.0 million or more net tangible assets or is
not listed on a registered national securities exchange
 sales of that stock in the secondary trading market are subject to certain
additional rules promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. These rules generally require
 among other things
that brokers engaged in secondary trading of penny stocks provide customers with written disclosure documents
 monthly statements
of the market value of penny stocks
 disclosure of the bid and asked prices
 and disclosure of the compensation to the broker-dealer
and the salesperson working for the broker-dealer in connection with the transaction. These rules and regulations may affect the
ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock
 thereby effectively limiting the liquidity of our common stock. These rules
may also adversely affect the ability of persons that acquire our common stock to resell their securities in any trading market
that may exist at the time of such intended sale.

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS



ITEM
2. PROPERTIES

We
sublease a 2
500-square-foot office
 showroom
 and warehouse in Las Vegas
 NV for $2
500 per month from GloBrands under a lease that expires
in October 2022. We believe that the facilities described above are generally in good condition
 well maintained
 and suitable and
adequate for our current needs.

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

From
time to time
 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. All judgments
including interest
 have been booked as liabilities and the matters are no longer pending. However
 litigants can initiate further proceedings
following the entry of a non-appealable final judgments seeking enforcement or further relief. Litigation is subject to inherent
uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. As of December
31
 2020
 we were not a party to any material pending litigation and no lawsuits have been threatened by or against us.

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market
Information

In
September 2019
 our common stock resumed quotation on the Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group under the trading symbol &ldquo;CIRX.&rdquo;
Our common stock did not trade during the previous portion of the preceding two years. These over-the-counter market quotations
reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down
 or commission
 and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.
Since our inception
 the sporadic trading activity in our common stock and the price fluctuations have been volatile
 and we cannot
assure that any market for our common stock will be maintained.

The
following table sets forth the range of low and high closing sale prices for our common stock
 as adjusted to give retroactive
effect to a 1
000-to-one reverse split effective September 2019
 for each of the periods indicated as reported and summarized
by the Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


On
May 10
 2021
 the closing price per share for the most recent sale of our common stock on the Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group
was $0.06. We have 498 stockholders of record of our common stock. As of May 12
 2021
 we had 4
945
417 shares of our common
stock issued and outstanding.

Our
shares of common stock are subject to the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; and other rules of the Exchange Act. In general terms
 &ldquo;penny
stock&rdquo; is defined as any equity security that has a market price less than $5.00 per share that is not traded on a national
securities exchange or that has an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions. As a result
 our
common stock is subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell these securities
to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of $1
000
000 or annual
income exceeding $200
000
 or $300
000 together with their spouse).

Transactions
covered by these rules are subject to additional sales practice requirements
 including the broker-dealer must make a special
suitability determination for the purchase of these securities and have received the purchaser&rsquo;s written consent to the
transaction before the purchase. These rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to trade or maintain a market in our common
stock
 to the extent it is penny stock
 and may affect the ability of stockholders to sell their shares.



Holders
of shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends for our common stock when
 as
 and if declared by the board of directors
out of funds legally available therefor. We have not paid any dividends on our common stock and intend to retain earnings
 if
any
 to finance the development and expansion of our business. Future dividend policy is subject to the discretion of the board
of directors and will depend upon a number of factors
 including future revenues
 capital requirements
 overall financial condition
and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant.


    
    


Equity
Compensation Plan

The
following table provides information respecting our compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under
which our equity securities are authorized for issuance.



    
of Outstanding Options
 
Outstanding Options
 
    

    
    
    
    

    
40
000
    
160
000

    
    
    
    

    
40
000
    
160
000



Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

During
2020
 the holder of our outstanding convertible debenture converted $4
400 in accrued interest into 220
000 shares of our common
stock. This conversion resulted in the reduction of the balance due on these debentures but did not generate cash proceeds. The
common stock was issued in reliance on the exemption from registration set forth in Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933
as amended. No underwriter participated.

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

We
are not required to provide the information called for by this item.

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION

Except
for the historical information
 the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties.
We caution you not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this report. Our
actual results or actions may differ materially from these forward-looking statements for many reasons
 including the risks described
in &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and elsewhere in this annual report. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and
results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes and with the understanding
that our actual future results may be materially different from what we currently expect.



Based
on our diversified expertise in manufacturing
 marketing
 distribution
 and technology services in a wide variety of consumer
products
 including tobacco products
 medical devices
 and beverages
 around the world
 we have an innovative and consumer-focused
approach to brand portfolio management
 resting on a strong understanding of consumers domestically
 and we have established a
footprint in more than 50 key
 international markets.

In
early 2020
 we completed phase one of our development of all HUSTLER&reg;-branded products
 which enabled us to generate revenue
of $1
732
625 during the year ended December 31
 2020. Our 2020 revenue-generating activities capitalized on our efforts during
most of 2019 to exploring new product opportunities. In late 2019
 we entered into a new
 five-year manufacturing and distribution
agreement with an unrelated party to manufacture
 distribute
 and sell condoms
 electronic tobacco products
 cigars
 energy drinks
water beverages
 and related merchandise
 all using the HUSTLER&reg; brand name.

We
had no revenue during the year ended December 31
 2019
 while we devoted our efforts and financial resources to development of
products.


    
    


Going
Concern

We
have suffered substantial losses. The future of our company is dependent upon our ability to generate revenues sufficient to offset
operating costs or recover start-up costs under our GloBrands-HUSTLER&reg; Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement
signed in December 2019. Management intends to seek additional capital through a private placement or public offering of its common
stock
 if necessary. Our auditors have expressed a going concern in their opinion
 which raises substantial doubts about our ability
to continue as a going concern.

Results
of Operations

Comparison
of Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

Sales
and Cost of Sales

We
had revenues of $1
732
625 and $0 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Revenues during the year ended
December 31
 2020
 were derived from the design
 manufacture
 and delivery of certain licensed products in accordance with our
GloBrands-HUSTLER&reg; distribution agreement entered into in late 2019.

Operating
Expenses

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 selling
 general
 and administrative expenses and employee costs were approximately $758
000
as compared to approximately $407
000 for the same period in 2019
 an increase of 86%
 as a result of increased operations
from executing our business plan.

Other
Income and Expense

Other
income and expenses during the year ended December 31
 2020
 consisted of interest expense of approximately $658
000
 a loss of disposal
of equipment of approximately $10
000
 losses of the fair value of derivative liabilities of approximately $23
000
 gains on the write-off
of accounts payable of approximately $1.0 million
 and other income of $42
000. Other expenses during the year ended December 31
 2019
consisted of approximately $593
000 of interest expense and a loss on derivation valuation of approximately $81
000
 offset by other
income and a gain on settlement of debt totaling approximately $1
000.

As
a result of the foregoing
 we had income from continuing operations of $0.5 million during the year ended December 31
 2020
 as
compared to a loss of $1.1 million during the year ended December 31
 2019.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

We
had a history of losses from operations prior to 2020
 as our expenses had been greater than our revenues
 which had ceased entirely
several years earlier. Our accumulated deficit was $77.9 million at December 31
 2020. For the year ended December 31
 2020
 we
generated approximately $108
000 of cash from operating
 investing
 and financing activities
 compared to using negligible net
cash of $200 for the prior year from operating and financing activities.


 2020
 we generated
approximately $464
000 of net cash in operations
 comprised of net income from continuing operations of $452
000
 noncash
expenses of approximately $866
000
 changes in working capital of approximately $1
000
000
 and net cash used in
discontinued operations of approximately $115
000. The net change in working capital was primarily driven by accrued interest of approximately
$543
000 and accrued liabilities of approximately $640
000.

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 we used approximately $123
000 of net cash in operations
 comprised of a net loss from continuing
operations of $1.1 million
 noncash losses of approximately $96
000
 changes in working capital of approximately $815
000
 and
net cash provided by discontinued operations of approximately $44
000. The net change in working capital was primarily driven
by accrued interest of approximately $501
000 and accrued liabilities of approximately $274
000.


    
    


During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 we used $337
520 of net cash from financing activities mainly comprised of repayments
on related-party loans that totaled $467
409 and proceeds from non-related-party loans of $156
000.

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 financing activities provided approximately $123
000 of net cash
 which were mainly proceeds
from convertible and related-party loans.

Our
Capital Resources and Anticipated Requirements

Our
monthly operating costs are approximately $35
000 per month
 excluding approximately $50
000 of accruing interest expense and
capital expenditures. We continue to focus on generating revenue and reducing our monthly business expenses through cost reductions
and operational streamlining. We have only recently begun to generate enough cash to sustain our day-to-day operations
 and we
expect to access external capital resources in the future to fund any new projects we may undertake. We cannot assure that we
will be successful in obtaining such capital.

If
we seek infusions of capital from investors
 it is unlikely that we will be able to obtain additional debt financing. If we did
incur additional debt
 we would be required to devote additional cash flow to servicing the debt and securing the debt with assets.

Our
issuance of additional shares for equity or for conversion of debt could dilute the value of our common stock and existing stockholders&rsquo;
positions.

Convertible
Debentures and Notes Payable

We
currently have an outstanding amended
 restated
 and consolidated secured convertible debenture with Tekfine
 LLC
 an unrelated
entity
 with a maturity date of April 30
 2027
 to the extent not previously converted. The amended debenture had a total outstanding
principal balance of $2.4 million
 with accrued interest of $1.5 million as of December 31
 2020. We also have four additional
convertible debentures with Tekfine with maturity dates ranging from May 30
 2021
 until December 8
 2021
 totaling $275
000
unless earlier converted. The convertible debentures and accrued interest are convertible into shares of our common stock at the
lower of $100 or $0.10 (depending on the instrument) or the lowest bid price for the 20 trading days prior to conversion.

We
have received advances from related parties totaling $11
500 and $84
987 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
as well as making repayments on related-party loans of $467
409 and $17
785 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
respectively. Additionally
 related parties paid expenses on our behalf totaling $1
940 and $(77
180) during the years ended December
31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The advances are non-interest-bearing
 due on demand
 and are included in current liabilities.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements and do not anticipate entering into any such arrangements in the foreseeable future.


    
    


Critical
Accounting Policies

The
methods
 estimates
 and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on the results we report in our
financial statements
 which we discuss under the heading &ldquo;Results of Operations&rdquo; in this Item 7. Some of our accounting policies
require us to make difficult and subjective judgments
 often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently
uncertain.

We
set forth below those material accounting policies that we believe are the most critical to an investor&rsquo;s understanding of our
financial results and condition and that require complex management judgment.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of our financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Our periodic
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission include
 when applicable
 disclosures of estimates
 assumptions
 and uncertainties
that could affect the financial statements and our future operations.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
carrying amounts reflected in the balance sheets for cash
 accounts payable
 and related-party payables approximate the respective fair
values due to the short maturities of these items. We do not hold any investments that are available-for-sale.

Financial
Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standard Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) Topic 820

and Disclosures
 defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value under GAAP
 and enhances disclosures about
fair value measurements. ASC 820 describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs
 of which the first two are considered
observable and the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value
 which are the following:



    
Level
    1:
Pricing
    inputs are quoted prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date

    
    
    

    
Level
    2:
Pricing
    inputs are quoted for similar assets or inputs that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term
    through corroboration with observable market data. Level 2 includes assets or liabilities valued at quoted prices adjusted for legal
    or contractual restrictions specific to these investments.

    
    
    

    
Level
    3:
Pricing
    inputs are unobservable for the assets or liabilities; that is
 the inputs reflect the reporting entity&rsquo;s own assumptions about
    the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.


We
do not currently have any financial instruments that we measure at fair value.

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements

Recently
issued accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that require adoption and
that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements upon adoption.


    
    


ITEM
7a. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

This
item is not applicable as we are currently considered a smaller reporting company.

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Our
consolidated financial statements
 including the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on our consolidated financial
statements
 are included beginning on page F-1 after this report
 which are incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE



ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As
of December 31
 2020
 we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including our principal
executive and principal financial officer (whom we refer to in this periodic report as our Certifying Officer)
 of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation
 management concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31
 2020
 to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to
be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the
periods prescribed by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management
including our Certifying Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls

In
designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures
 management recognizes that any controls and procedures
 no matter how well
designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute assurance of achieving the desired objectives. Also
 the design of a
control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to
their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments
in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. The design of any system of controls
is based
 in part
 upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.


    
    


Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls
 as defined in the Exchange Act. These internal
controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is presented fairly
 that disclosures are
adequate and that the judgments inherent in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable. There are inherent limitations in
the effectiveness of any system of internal controls
 including the possibility of human error and overriding of controls. Consequently
an effective internal control system can only provide reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance with respect to reporting financial information.

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that in reasonable
detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP and the receipts and expenditures of company assets are made and
in accordance with our management and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.

Management
has undertaken an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria
established in the Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;). Based upon this evaluation
 management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective as of December 31
 2020.

Based
on that evaluation
 management concluded that
 during the period covered by this report
 such internal controls and procedures were not
effective due to the following material weakness identified:



    
    
Lack
    of appropriate segregation of duties


    
    
    

    
    
Lack
    of control procedures that include multiple levels of supervision and review
 

    
    
    

    
    
Lack
    of financial resources to engage adequate external expertise; and

    
    
    

    
    
Overreliance
    upon independent financial reporting consultants for review of critical accounting areas and disclosures and material
 nonstandard
    transactions.


This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the
SEC that permit us to provide only the management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.

Implemented
or Planned Remedial Actions in Response to the Material Weaknesses

We
will continue to strive to correct the above noted weakness in internal control once we have adequate funds to do so. We believe appointing
a director who qualifies as a financial expert will improve the overall performance of our control over our financial reporting.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


    
    


Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31
 2020
 that materially
affect
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION



PART
III

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Directors
and Executive Officers

The
names of our director and executive officers as of December 31
 2020
 and their ages
 positions
 and biographies are set forth below.
Our executive officers are appointed by
 and serve at the discretion of
 our board of directors.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Iehab
    Hawatmeh
    
    
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer
 
    
July
    2000 to date

    
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
 Chairman
    
    

Kathryn
    Hollinger
    
    
    
Director
    Controller
    
August
    2011 to date


Iehab
J. Hawatmeh

Iehab
J. Hawatmeh founded our predecessor company in 1993 and has been our chairman
 president
 and chief executive officer since July 2000
except for a brief absence during 2017. Mr. Hawatmeh oversees all daily operations
 including our technical and sales functions. Mr.
Hawatmeh is currently functioning in a dual role as chief financial officer. Before his involvement with our company
 Mr. Hawatmeh was
the Processing Engineering Manager for Tandy Corporation
 Salt Lake City
 Utah
 overseeing that company&rsquo;s contract manufacturing
printed circuit board assembly division. In addition
 he was responsible for developing and implementing Tandy&rsquo;s facility Quality
Control and Processing Plan model. Mr. Hawatmeh earned an MBA from University of Phoenix and a BS in Electrical and Computer Engineering
from Brigham Young University.

Kathryn
Hollinger

Kathryn
Hollinger has been with CirTran since 2000 as our controller
 except for a brief period during 2017 in which she also acted as chief
executive officer. She has been involved with the day-to-day accounting and finance functions throughout her term with us. Ms. Hollinger
studied mathematics and accounting at Northridge University (now Cal. State University Northridge) in California.


    
    


Election
of Directors and Officers

Directors
are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers
are appointed to serve until the meeting of the board of directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their
successors have been elected and qualified.

Committees
of the Board

We
currently do not have nominating
 compensation
 or audit committees or committees performing similar functions and we do not have a written
nominating
 compensation
 or audit committee charter. Our board of directors believes that it is not necessary to have these committees
at this time
 because the directors can adequately perform the functions of such committees.

Family
Relationships

There
are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors
 executive officers
 and persons that own more than 10% of a registered class of our
equity securities to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
of our equity securities. Officers
 directors
 and greater than 10% stockholders are required to furnish us with copies of all Section
16(a) forms they file.

Based
solely upon a review of Forms 3
 4
 and 5 and amendments thereto filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for the year
ended December 31
 2020
 no person that
 at any time during the most recent fiscal year
 was a director
 officer
 beneficial owner of
more than 10% of any class of our equity securities
 or any other person known to be subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act failed
to file
 on a timely basis
 reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.

Code
of Ethics

We
expect that all of our directors
 officers
 and employees will maintain a high level of integrity in their dealings with us and on our
behalf and will act in our best interests. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that provides principles of conduct
and ethics for our directors
 officers
 and employees. This Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.cirtran.com under &ldquo;Investor
Relations&mdash;Corporate Governance.&rdquo;


    
    


ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Summary
Compensation Table

The
following table sets forth
 for each of our last two completed fiscal years
 the dollar value of all cash and noncash compensation earned
by any person who was our principal executive officer and each of our three most highly compensated other executive officers or persons
who were serving in such capacities during the preceding fiscal year (&ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;):



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
345
000
    
    
    
    
    
17
417
362
459


 Chief Executive Officer
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
38
603
39
203

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
55
000
10
000
    
    
    
    
5
000
70
014

    
    
55
000
10
000
    
    
    
    
5
000
70
200




    
    
Mr.
    Hawatmeh waived his compensation in 2019 and accrued
 but has not yet received
 the compensation in 2020. 

    
    
The
    amount is the fair value of the option awards on the date of grant in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting
    Standards Codification Topic 718. See note 2 to our consolidated financial statements.

    
    
Includes
    $12
000 for car allowance for each of 2020 and 2019 and $5
417 and $26
535 for medical insurance premiums for 2020 and 2019.

    
    
Ms.
    Hollinger&rsquo;s compensation listed in this table is for her services as our controller. 

    
    
Fees
    accrued as director compensation. 


Employment
Agreements&mdash;Change in Control

We
engage Iehab Hawatmeh
 our president and chief executive officer
 through an employment agreement entered in August 2009 and amended
in September 2017
 with a salary in an amount and commencement date to be determined. In July 2017
 Mr. Hawatmeh resigned all positions
with us to pursue other business activities
 thereby effectively terminating the agreement. However
 in September 2017
 we reinstated
Mr. Hawatmeh to his previous positions and reinstated his employment agreement. Among other things
 the reinstated employment agreement:
(a) grants options to purchase a minimum of 6
000 shares of our stock each year
 with an exercise price equal to the market price of
our common stock as of the grant date
 for the maximum term allowed under our stock option plan; (b) provides for health insurance coverage
cell phone
 car allowance
 life insurance
 and director and officer liability insurance
 as well as any other bonus approved by our board;
(c) includes additional incentive compensation as follows: (i) a quarterly bonus equal to 5% of our earnings before interest
 taxes
depreciation and amortization for the applicable quarter; (ii) bonuses equal to 1% of the net purchase price of any acquisitions we complete
that are directly generated and arranged by Mr. Hawatmeh; and (iii) an annual bonus (payable quarterly) equal to 1% of our gross sales
of all products
 net of returns and allowances. All cash amounts payable to Mr. Hawatmeh in excess of an aggregate of $120
000 per year
are accrued and will not be paid until the secured convertible debenture is paid or converted to common stock. Mr. Hawatmeh waived his
compensation in 2019.


    
    


Pursuant
to the employment agreement
 Mr. Hawatmeh&rsquo;s employment may be terminated for cause
 or upon death or disability
 in which event
we are required to pay him any unpaid base salary and unpaid earned bonuses. In the event that Mr. Hawatmeh is terminated without cause
we are required to pay to him: (i) within 30 days following such termination
 any benefit
 incentive
 or equity plan
 program
 or practice
paid when such would have been paid to him if employed (the &ldquo;Accrued Obligations&rdquo;); (ii) within 30 days following such termination
(or on the earliest later date as may be required by Internal Revenue Code Section 409A to the extent applicable)
 a lump sum equal to
30 months&rsquo; annual base salary; (iii) bonuses owing for the two-year period after the date of termination (net of any bonus amounts
paid as Accrued Obligations) based on actual results for the applicable quarters and fiscal years; and (iv) within 12 months following
such termination (or on the earliest later date as may be required by Internal Revenue Code Section 409A to the extent applicable)
 a
lump sum equal to 30 months&rsquo; annual base salary; provided that if Mr. Hawatmeh is terminated without cause in contemplation of
or within one year
 after a change in control
 then two times his annual base salary and bonus payment amounts.

During
the years ended December 31
 2020
 2019
 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 we accrued for 6
000 stock options relating to this employment agreement.
The fair market value of the options issued during the year ended December 31
 2020
 was $42
 using the following assumptions: estimated
five-year term
 estimated volatility of 91%
 and a risk-free rate of 1.61%. The fair market value of the options issued during the year
ended December 31
 2019
 was $600
 using the following assumptions: estimated seven-year term
 estimated volatility of 567%
 and a risk-free
rate of 2.31%.

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End

The
following table summarizes information regarding unexercised options
 stock that has not vested
 and equity incentive plan awards owned
by the Named Executive Officers as of December 31
 2020:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Shares

Shares


    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
2
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Director
Compensation

Except
for Iehab Hawatmeh
 who is also our chief executive officer
 we pay our directors $5
000 per year to serve on our board.


    
    


ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The
following table sets forth certain information
 as of May 6
 2021
 respecting the beneficial ownership of our outstanding
common stock by: (i) any holder of more than 5%; (ii) each of the Named Executive Officers (defined as any person who was principal
executive officer during the preceding fiscal year and each other highest compensated executive officers earning more than $100
000
during the last fiscal year) and directors; and (iii) our directors and Named Executive Officers as a group
 based on 4
720
417
shares of common stock outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been adjusted to give retroactive effect to a 1
000-to-one
reverse split of our common stock effective September 2019:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
211
554
    

    
    
30
000
    

    
    
241
554
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
211
554
    

    
    
30
000
    

    
    
241
554
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
26
003
    

    
    
10
000
    

    
    
36
003
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
237
557
    

    
    
40
000
    

    
    
277
557
    




    
Less
    than one percent.

    
Address
    for all stockholders is 6360 S Pecos Road
 Suite 8
 Las Vegas
 NV 89120.

    
Includes
    options to purchase up to 30
000 shares that have been accrued for services provided during each of 2016
 2017
 2018
 2019
 and 2020.
    These options can be exercised any time at an exercise price of $0.01 per share

    
Includes
    options to purchase up to 10
000 shares that have been accrued for services provided during each of 2016
 2017
 2018
 2019
 and 2020.
    These options can be exercised any time at an exercise price of $0.01 per share


The
persons named in the above table have sole voting and dispositive power respecting all shares beneficially owned
 subject to community
property laws where applicable. Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
and generally means that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he or she possesses sole or shared voting or investment power
over that security. Each director
 officer
 or 5% or more stockholder
 as the case may be
 has furnished the information respecting beneficial
ownership.

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC which generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons
who possess sole or shared voting power and/or investment power with respect to those securities. Unless otherwise indicated
 voting
and investment power are exercised solely by the person named above or shared with members of such person&rsquo;s household. This includes
any shares such person has the right to acquire within 60 days.


    
    


Changes
in Control

There
are no arrangements
 known to us
 including any pledge by any person of our securities
 the operation of which may at a subsequent date
result in a change in our control.

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED
TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Information
is set forth below for any transaction during the three years ended December 31
 2019
 to which we were a party and in which any of our
officers and directors or any holder of more than 10% of any class of our stock had or is deemed to have a material interest.

Related-Party
Transactions

In
2007
 we issued a 10% promissory note to a family member of our president in exchange for $300
000. The note was due on demand after
May 2008. There were no repayments made during the periods presented. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the principal amount owing on the
note was $151
833 and $151
833
 respectively.

On
March 31
 2008
 we issued to this same family member
 along with two other company shareholders
 promissory notes totaling $315
000 ($105
000
each). Under the terms of these three $105
000 notes
 we received total proceeds of $300
000 and agreed to repay the amount received
plus a 5% borrowing fee. The notes were due April 30
 2008
 after which they were due on demand
 with interest accruing at 12% per annum.
We made no payments towards the outstanding notes during the periods presented. The principal balance owing on the notes as of December
31
 2020 and 2019
 totaled $72
466 and $72
466
 respectively
 and are presented in liabilities from discontinued operations.

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 we received cash advances from related parties of $11
500. Additionally
 related parties paid expenses
totaling $1
940 directly to vendors on our behalf. There were $287
776 and $738
655 of short-term advances due to related parties as
of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The advances are due on demand and are included in current liabilities.

The
terms of our employment agreement with Iehab Hawatmeh
 our president
 require us to grant options to purchase 6
000 shares of our stock
each year
 with an exercise price equal to the fair market price of our common stock as of the grant date
 as compensation for his services
provided as our chief executive officer. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we issued options to purchase 6
000 shares of our common
stock relating to this employment agreement
 resulting in outstanding options to purchase 30
000 shares of stock and options to purchase
30
000 shares of stock held by Mr. Hawatmeh as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. See Note 6 &ndash; Other Accrued Liabilities
and Note 14 &ndash; Stock Options and Warrants.

As
of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we owed our president a total of $868
528 and $903
740
 respectively
 in unsecured advances. The advances
and short-term bridge loans were approved by our board of directors under a 5% borrowing fee. The borrowing fees were waived by our president
on these loans.

Director
Independence

Under
the definition of independent directors found in Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2)
 which is the definition we have chosen to apply
 none of our
directors is independent.


    
    


ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The
firm of Fruci &amp; Associates has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since July 2020.

Audit
Fees

For
our fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 we were billed approximately $28
500 for professional services rendered for the audit
and reviews of our consolidated financial statements. For our fiscal year ended December 31
 2019
 we were billed approximately
$33
250 for professional services rendered for the audit and reviews of our consolidated financial statements.

Audit
Related Fees

For
our fiscal years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we did not incur any audit-related fees.

Tax
Fees

For
our fiscal years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we were not billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance
 tax advice
and tax planning.

All
Other Fees

We
did not incur any other fees related to services rendered by our principal accountant for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2020 and
2019.

Audit
and Non-Audit Service Preapproval Policy

In
accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
 our board of
directors has adopted an informal approval policy that it believes will result in an effective and efficient procedure to preapprove
services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm.

All
of the professional services rendered by principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements that are normally provided
by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for last two fiscal years were approved by our board
of directors.

Audit
Services

Audit
services include the annual financial statement audit (including quarterly reviews) and other procedures required to be performed by
the independent registered public accounting firm to be able to form an opinion on our consolidated financial statements. The board of
directors preapproves specified annual audit services engagement terms and fees and other specified audit fees. All other audit services
must be specifically preapproved by the board of directors. The board of directors monitors the audit services engagement and may approve
if necessary
 any changes in terms
 conditions
 and fees resulting from changes in audit scope or other items.


    
    


Audit-Related
Services

Audit-related
services are assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated
financial statements
 which historically have been provided to us by the independent registered public accounting firm and are consistent
with the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules on auditor independence. The board of directors preapproves specified audit-related
services within preapproved fee levels. All other audit-related services must be preapproved by the board of directors.

Tax
Services

The
board of directors preapproves specified tax services that it believes would not impair the independence of the independent registered
public accounting firm and that are consistent with Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules and guidance. The board of directors
must specifically approve all other tax services.

All
Other Services

Other
services are services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm that do not fall within the established audit
 audit-related
and tax services categories. The board of directors preapproves specified other services that do not fall within any of the specified
prohibited categories of services.



All
proposals for services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm
 which must include a detailed description
of the services to be rendered and the amount of corresponding fees
 are submitted to the board of directors and the chief financial
officer. The chief financial officer authorizes services that have been preapproved by the board of directors. The chief financial officer
submits requests or applications to provide services that have not been preapproved by board of directors
 which must include an affirmation
by the chief financial officer and the independent registered public accounting firm that the request or application is consistent with
the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules on auditor independence
 to board of directors for approval.

PART
IV

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



    
The
    following financial statements are filed as part of this report:




    
    
    

    
Audited
    Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019:
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

    
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

    
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

    
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    

    
    
    



    
    




    
The
    following exhibits are filed as part of this report:




    
    
    
Title
of Document
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    3.
    
Articles
    of Incorporation and Bylaws
    
    

    
    
    
    
Incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 17
 2000

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 18
 2011

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 18
 2011

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 8
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    4.
    
Instruments
    Defining the Rights of Security Holders
 Including Debentures
    
    

    
    
    
    
Incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019
 filed May 29
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Amended
 Restated
 and Consolidated Secured Convertible Debenture No. TK-1 in the amount of $3
437
798 payable to Tekfine
 LLC
    
Incorporated
    by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed May 11
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Secured Convertible Debenture No. TK-2 in the amount of $200
000 payable to Tekfine
 LLC
    
Incorporated
    by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed May 11
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No. 1 to Secured Convertible Debenture between CirTran Corporation and Tekfine
 LLC
 effective April 20
 2018
    
Incorporated
    by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed May 11
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Amendment No. 2 to Secured Convertible Debenture between CirTran Corporation and Tekfine
 LLC
 effective May 12
 2020
    
Incorporated
    by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019
 filed May 29
 2020

4.06
    
    
[add
    extension/amendment]
    
    



    
    




    
    
    
    
Title
    of Document
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    10.
    
Material
    Contracts
    
    

    
    
Employment Agreement with Iehab Hawatmeh dated August 1
 2009
    
Incorporated
    by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31
 2011
 filed April 30
 2012

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Incorporated
    by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed August 26
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Settlement Agreement between CirTran Corporation and Joueboire
 LLC
 dated April 19
 2017
    
Incorporated
    by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed May 11
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Settlement Agreement between CirTran Corporation and YA Global Investments
 LP
 dated April 20
 2017
    
Incorporated
    by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed May 11
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Agreement between Tekfine
 LLC and CirTran Corporation dated April 20
 2017
    
Incorporated
    by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed May 11
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Incorporated
    by reference from the registration statement on Form 10/A filed June 18
 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement dated December 30
 2019
    
Incorporated
    by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 27
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Commercial Lease dated November 29
 2019
    
Incorporated
    by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 27
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    21.
    
Schedule
    of Subsidiaries
    
    

    
    
    
    
Incorporated
    by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2019
 filed May 29
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    23.
    
Consents
    of Experts and Counsel
    
    

    
    
Consent of Fruci &amp; Associates
 LLC
    
This
    filing

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Consent
    of Sadler
 Gibb &amp; Associates
 LLC
    
This
    filing



    
    




    
    
    
Title
    of Document
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    31.
    
Rule
    13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications
    
    

    
    
    
    
This
    filing

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    32
    
Section
    1350 Certifications
    
    

    
    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
    
This
    filing

    
    
    
    
    

Item
    101***
    
Interactive
    Data File
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document
    
This
    filing

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema 
    
This
    filing

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
    
This
    filing

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
    
This
    filing

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
    
This
    filing




    
All
    exhibits are numbered with the number preceding the decimal indicating the applicable SEC reference number in Item 601 and the number
    following the decimal indicating the sequence of the particular document. Omitted numbers in the sequence refer to documents previously
    filed with the SEC as exhibits to previous filings
 but no longer required. 

    
Identifies
    each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed. 

    
Users
    of this data are advised that
 pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T
 these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part
    of a registration statement or Annual Report for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the
    Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability.



    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
CIRTRAN
    CORPORATION

    
    
    

Date:
    May 17
 2021
    
/s/
    Iehab Hawatmeh

    
    
Iehab
    Hawatmeh
 President

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Executive

    
    
Officer
    Principal Financial Officer)


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



Date:
    May 17
 2021
/s/
    Iehab Hawatmeh

    
Iehab
    Hawatmeh
 Director
 President

    
Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Executive

    
Officer
    Principal Financial Officer)

    
    

Date:
    May 17
 2021
/s/
    Kathryn Hollinger

    
Kathryn
    Hollinger
 Director



    
    


CIRTRAN
CORPORATION
Financial
Statements
December
31
 2020 and 2019

TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

Audited
    Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019:
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of CirTran Corporation

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of CirTran Corporation (&ldquo;the Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2020
and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; deficit
 and cash flows for the year then ended
 and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material
respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2020
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the
year then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Going
Concern

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements
 the Company has an accumulated deficit
 net losses
 and working capital deficiencies. These factors raise
substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or
fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical
Audit Matters

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
 subjective
 or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit
matters below
 providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Valuation
of Investments

Description
of the Critical Audit Matter

As
discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company has investments in a private entity which require the Company
to periodically evaluate potential impairment by assessing whether the carrying value of the investment exceeds the fair value. Auditing
management&rsquo;s analysis includes tests that are complex and highly judgmental due to the estimation required to determine the fair
value of the underlying investees. In particular
 fair value estimates are sensitive to significant assumptions and factors such as expectations
about future market and economic conditions
 revenue growth rates
 strategic plans
 and historical operating results
 among other factors.

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our
principal audit procedures to evaluate management&rsquo;s valuation of investments consisted of the following
 among others:



    
    
Obtain
    and test management assumptions and analysis.

    
    
Obtain
    and review the financial position and operating result data of the investee entity directly.

    
    
Assess
    management&rsquo;s key indicators regarding impairment considerations compared to tests of underlying data.




We
    have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2020.
    

    
    

    
    

Spokane
    Washington
    

May
    14
 2021
    



    
    




REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CirTran Corporation:

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of CirTran Corporation (&ldquo;the Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2019
the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; deficit
 and cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2019 and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements referred
to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2019
 and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2019
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain


 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. As part of our audit
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or
fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis
 evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion.



We
served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor from 2013 to 2020.

Draper
UT
May
29
 2020

G

|
344
13800 South
250
Draper
84020



    
    


CIRTRAN
CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS




    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
108
147
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
325
252
    
    
    
18
814
    

    
    
    
53
900
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
319
333
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
966
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
118
844
    
    
    
1
210
    

    
    
    
942
442
    
    
    
20
024
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
300
000
    
    
    
300
000
    

    
    
    
50
409
    
    
    
    
    

Property and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation
    
    
18
299
    
    
    
9
772
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
311
150
    
    
    
329
796
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
611
    

    
    
    
1
347
870
    
    
    
2
121
401
    

Lease liability
 current
    
    
28
118
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
13
740
    
    
    
13
740
    

    
    
    
109
904
    
    
    
163
994
    

    
    
    
287
776
    
    
    
738
655
    

    
    
    
1
354
539
    
    
    
1
077
999
    

    
    
    
4
133
346
    
    
    
3
757
636
    

Accrued interest
 current portion
    
    
2
824
948
    
    
    
2
405
946
    

Convertible debenture
 current portion
 net of discounts
    
    
264
284
    
    
    
248
874
    

Note payable
 current portion
    
    
90
000
    
    
    
90
000
    

    
    
    
521
194
    
    
    
151
833
    

    
    
    
922
654
    
    
    
894
079
    

    
    
    
26
153
820
    
    
    
26
348
853
    

    
    
    
38
052
193
    
    
    
38
014
621
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Lease liability
 long term 
    
    
22
291
    
    
    
    
    

Accrued interest
 net of current portion
    
    
1
490
951
    
    
    
1
371
098
    

Note payable
 net of current portion
    
    
656
000
    
    
    
500
000
    

Convertible debenture
 net of current portion
 net of discount
    
    
1
787
816
    
    
    
1
678
768
    

    
    
    
42
009
251
    
    
    
41
564
487
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock
 par value $0.001; 100
000
000 shares authorized; 4
720
417
    and 4
500
417 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
    
    
4
720
    
    
    
4
500
    

    
    
    
37
226
851
    
    
    
37
222
615
    

    
    
    
(77
929
672
    
    
    
(78
461
806
    

    
    
    
(40
698
101
    
    
    
(41
234
691
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
311
150
    
    
    
329
796
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


CIRTRAN
CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS




    
    
Year Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
732
625
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
896
273
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
836
352
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
292
420
    
    
    
125
733
    

Selling
 general and administrative expenses
    
    
465
518
    
    
    
280
825
    

    
    
    
757
938
    
    
    
406
558
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
78
414
    
    
    
(406
558
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(658
654
    
    
    
(592
756
    

    
    
    
(9
771
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(22
822
    
    
    
(80
640
    

    
    
    
1
023
471
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
42
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
374
224
    
    
    
(672
415
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
452
638
    
    
    
(1
078
973
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
79
496
    
    
    
(148
566
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
532
134
    
    
    
(1
227
539
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net income (loss) from continuing operations per common share
 basic
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net income (loss) from continuing operations per common share
 diluted
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations per common share
 basic
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations per common share
 diluted
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net income (loss) per common share
 basic
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net income (loss) per common share
 diluted
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
555
718
    
    
    
4
500
417
    

    
    
    
172
317
270
    
    
    
4
500
417
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


CIRTRAN
CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2020 AND 2019



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2018
4
500
417
4
500
37
222
615
(77
234
267
(40
007
152


 year ended December 31
 2019
    
    
    
(1
227
539
(1
227
539

    
 December 31
 2019
4
500
417
4
500
37
222
615
(78
461
806
(41
234
691

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
220
000
    
4
180
    
4
400


 year ended December 31
 2020
    
    
    
532
134
532
134


 December 31
 2020
4
720
417
4
720
37
226
851
(77
929
672
(40
698
101



    
    


CIRTRAN
CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




    
    
Year Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
452
638
    
    
    
(1
078
973
    

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided
    by (used in) operating activities
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
293
    

    
    
    
22
822
    
    
    
80
640
    

    
    
    
115
211
    
    
    
34
215
    

    
    
    
9
771
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
023
471
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
56
338
    

    
    
    
6
813
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
940
    
    
    
(77
180
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(306
438
    
    
    
(18
814
    

    
    
    
(53
900
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(319
333
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(16
966
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(117
634
    
    
    
(1
210
    

    
    
    
255
282
    
    
    
6
224
    

    
    
    
640
560
    
    
    
273
534
    

    
    
    
(6
813
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
375
710
    
    
    
43
970
    

    
    
    
543
255
    
    
    
500
746
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
740
    

    
    
    
579
876
    
    
    
(167
477
    

    
    
    
(115
537
    
    
    
44
050
    

    
    
    
464
339
    
    
    
(123
427
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(18
672
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(18
672
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1
611
    
    
    
1
611
    

    
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
60
000
    

    
    
    
11
500
    
    
    
84
987
    

    
    
    
(467
409
    
    
    
(17
785
    

    
    
    
156
000
    
    
    
15
400
    

    
    
    
(51
000
    
    
    
(21
000
    

    
    
    
(337
520
    
    
    
123
213
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(337
520
    
    
    
123
213
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
108
147
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
 beginning of period
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
 end of period
    
    
108
147
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
753
    
    
    
813
439
    

    
    
    
5
341
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
364
020
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
400
    
    
    
    
    

Initial measurement of right of use asset
    and related operating lease liability
    
    
57
222
    
    
    
    
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


CIRTRAN
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
1 - ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS

We
offer diversified expertise in manufacturing
 marketing
 distribution
 and technology services in a wide variety of consumer products
including tobacco products
 medical devices
 and beverages. We have an innovative and consumer-focused approach to brand portfolio
management
 resting on a strong understanding of consumers domestically
 and we have established a footprint in more than 50 key
international markets.

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 we executed on our business plan
 fulfilling our obligations under a distribution agreement
to manufacture
 distribute
 and sell condoms
 electronic tobacco products
 cigars
 energy drinks
 water beverages
 and related
merchandise
 all using the HUSTLER&reg; brand name under a December 2019 five-year manufacturing and distribution agreement with
an unrelated party. We devoted most of 2019 to exploring a number of potential product opportunities and preparing for the HUSTLER&reg;
brand name products launch.

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Principles
of Consolidation

We
consolidate all of our majority-owned subsidiaries
 companies over which we exercise control through majority voting rights
 and
companies in which we have a variable interest and we are the primary beneficiary. We account for our investments in common stock
of other companies that we do not control
 but over which we can exert significant influence
 using the cost method.

The
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2020
 include the accounts of CirTran Corporation
and our wholly owned subsidiaries: CirTran Products Corp.
 LBC Products
 Inc.
 and CirTran - Asia
 Inc. All intercompany balances
and transactions have been eliminated.

The
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2019
 include the accounts of CirTran Corporation
and our wholly owned subsidiaries: CirTran Products Corp.
 CirTran Corporation (Utah)
 CirTran Beverage Corp.
 CirTran Online
Corp.
 CirTran Media Corp.
 Racore Network
 and CirTran - Asia
 Inc. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.

Use
of Estimates

In
preparing the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reported periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Revenue
Recognition

We
follow Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) 606

from Contracts with Customers
 for revenue recognition. Adoption of ASC 606 did not have a significant impact on our financial
statements. We generate revenue by providing product design services and through the sales of tangible product. We recognize revenue
upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to
be received in exchange for those products or services. We determine the transaction price associated with each deliverable based
on a unique customer purchase order
 which is considered to be a stand-alone contract that we retain the right to accept or reject.
Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers
 which are subsequently remitted to
governmental authorities.

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 we recognized revenues of $515
000 related to the performance obligations under product development
service agreements with customers. These contracts are long term in nature and revenue is recognized at certain milestone intervals
upon our delivery and customer acceptances of work product related to those milestones
 namely product design
 packaging
 branding
display
 and prototypes. There were no costs to obtain the contracts identified and
 as such
 no asset has been recorded for customer
acquisition costs. Additionally
 we have not recognized impairment losses related to the receivables from these contracts during
the year ended December 31
 2020.

Additionally
we recognized revenues of $1
217
625 during the year ended December 31
 2020
 related to the delivery of product to our customers.
Each delivery is based on a unique customer purchase order which is considered to be a stand-alone contract that we retain the
right to accept or reject. Upon acceptance
 we oblige delivery of such product to the customer at an agreed-upon place
 time
and price. We recognize revenue under the unique purchase order contract upon fulfillment of our performance obligations therein
typically limited to the delivery of product.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

We
consider all highly liquid
 short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. We
did not hold any cash equivalents as of December 31
 2020 or 2019.



In
February 2016
 the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) 2016-02

 
guidance in ASC 840

 
 2019
 under the modified retrospective transition
approach by applying the new standard to all leases existing at the date of initial application. We account for short term leases
those lasting fewer than 12 months
 using the practical expedient as outlined in the guidance
 which does not include recording
such leases on the balance sheet.


standard resulted in recording right-of-use (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;) assets and operating lease liabilities of $50
409 as of December 31
2020. Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum
lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. As the lease does not provide an implicit rate
 we use our incremental
borrowing rate based on information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. The
operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives and initial direct costs incurred.
Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain we will exercise that option. Although
considered
 we determined in appropriate to exclude future renewal terms from the capitalization of our operating lease.

We
have one lease in effect requiring minimum monthly payments of $2
500 through October 2022. We have determined the appropriate discount
rate to be 5% based on our other borrowings secured by assets. A summary of future payments due under the terms of the lease as of December
31
 2021 is as follows:



    
52
500

    
(2
091


 2021
50
409



Investment
in Securities

Our
cost-method investment consists of an investment in a private digital multi-media technology company that totaled $300
000 at
December 31
 2020 and 2019. As we owned less than 20% of that company&rsquo;s stock as of each date
 and no significant influence
or control exists
 the investment is accounted for using the cost method. We evaluated the investment for impairment and determined
there was none during the periods presented.


    
    


Property
and Equipment

We
incur certain costs associated with the design and development of molds and dies for our contract-manufacturing segment. These
costs are held as deposits on the balance sheet until the molds or dies are finished and ready for use. At that point
 the costs
are included as part of production equipment in property and equipment and are amortized over their useful lives. We hold title
to all molds and dies used in the manufacture of products. The capitalized cost
 net of accumulated depreciation
 associated with
molds and dies included in property and equipment at December 31
 2020
 and December 31
 2019
 was $0 and $9
772
 respectively.
All property and equipment that was in service during the year ended December 31
 2019
 was disposed of during the current period.
During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we purchased a vehicle for $18
672 and recorded depreciation expense of $373
leaving a net book value of $18
299 as of December 31
 2020.

Depreciation
expense is recognized in amounts equal to the cost of depreciable assets over estimated service lives. Leasehold improvements
are amortized over the shorter of the life of the lease or the service life of the improvements. The straight-line method of depreciation
and amortization is followed for financial reporting purposes. Maintenance
 repairs
 and renewals that neither materially add
to the value of the property nor appreciably prolong its life are charged to expense as incurred. Gains or losses on dispositions
of property and equipment are included in operating results.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets

We
review our long-lived assets
 including intangibles
 for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. At each balance sheet date
 we evaluate whether events and circumstances have
occurred that indicate possible impairment. We use an estimate of future undiscounted net cash flows from the related asset or
group of assets over their remaining life in measuring whether the assets are recoverable. We did not record expenses for the
impairment of long-lived assets during the year ended December 31
 2020 or 2019.

Financial
Instruments with Derivative Features

We
do not hold or issue derivative instruments for trading purposes. However
 we have financial instruments that are considered derivatives
or contain embedded features subject to derivative accounting. Embedded derivatives are valued separately from the host instrument
and are recognized as derivative liabilities in our balance sheet. We measure these instruments at their estimated fair value
and recognize changes in their estimated fair value in results of operations during the period of change. We have estimated the
fair value of these embedded derivatives using a Monte Carlo simulation. The fair values of the derivative instruments are measured
each reporting period.

Inventories
are stated at the lower of average cost or net realizable value. Cost on manufactured inventories includes labor
 material
 and
overhead. Overhead cost is based on indirect costs allocated to cost of sales
 work-in-process inventory
 and finished goods inventory.
Indirect overhead costs have been charged to cost of sales or capitalized as inventory
 based on management&rsquo;s estimate of
the benefit of indirect manufacturing costs to the manufacturing process. Inventories consist solely of finished goods.


When
there is evidence that the inventory&rsquo;s value is less than original cost
 the inventory is reduced to market value. We determine
market value on current resale amounts and whether technological obsolescence exists. We will seek agreements with manufacturing
customers that require them to purchase their inventory items in the event they cancel their business with us.

From
time to time
 we will place deposits on inventory to be delivered in the future. These deposits are carried as a separate balance
sheet component and totaled $53
900 (non-related-party) and $319
333 (related-party) as of December 31
 2020. There were no deposits
on inventory as of December 31
 2019.

Inventory
balances consisted of the following:



    

 2020

 2019

    
526
372
18
814

    
40
803
    

    
(241
923
    

    
325
252
18
814



    
    


Stock-Based
Compensation

We
have outstanding stock options to directors and employees
Stock
Options and Warrants
 
which requires the recognition of the cost of employee services received in exchanged for an award of equity instruments in the
financial statements and is measured based on the grant date fair value of the award. ASC 718-10 also requires the stock option
compensation expense to be recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for
the award (typically the vesting period).

Stock-based
employee compensation was $56 and $800 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Income
Taxes

We
use the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined
based on differences between financial reporting and the tax basis of assets
 liabilities
 the carryforward of operating losses
and tax credits
 and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected
to reverse. An allowance against deferred tax assets is recorded when it is more likely than not that such tax benefits will not
be realized. Research tax credits are recognized as used.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
carrying amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for cash
 notes payable
 and accounts payable
approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturities of these financial instruments. The carrying amounts
of our debt obligations approximate fair value.

ASC
820-10-15
 
 defines fair value
 thereby eliminating inconsistencies
in guidance found in various prior accounting pronouncements
 and increases disclosures surrounding fair value calculations. ASC
820-10-15 establishes a three-tiered fair value hierarchy that prioritizes inputs to valuation techniques used in fair value calculations.
The three levels of inputs are defined as follows:



    
Level
    1&mdash;Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
    or liabilities.

    
    

    
Level
    2&mdash;Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for
    the asset or liability
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical
    assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived
    valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from
 or corroborated by
 observable market
    data.

    
    

    
Level
    3&mdash;Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that
    are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities.




Accounts
    payable and related-party payables have fair values that approximate the carrying value due to the short-term nature of these
    instruments. Derivative liabilities have been valued using level 3 inputs.


Accounts
payable and related-party payables have fair values that approximate the carrying value due to the short-term nature of these
instruments. Derivative liabilities are measured using level 3 inputs.



    
Total
Fair Value 

 2020
    
    
    

    
922
654
    
    
922
654




    

 2019
    
    
    

    
894
079
    
    
894
079


Loss
Per Share

Basic
loss per share (EPS) is calculated by dividing net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common
shares outstanding during each period. Diluted EPS is similarly calculated
 except that the weighted-average number of common
shares outstanding would include common shares that may be issued subject to existing rights with dilutive potential when applicable.
We had 569
029
796 potentially issuable common shares at December 31
 2019. However
 the impacts of the potentially issuable common
shares were excluded from the diluted loss per common shares outstanding given the anti-dilutive effect such shares have on net
losses per common share. There were 167
731
552 such shares included for the year ended December 31
 2020.

Short-term
Advances

We
have short-term advances with various individuals. These advances are due upon demand
 carry no interest
 and are not collateralized.
These advances are classified as short-term liabilities.


    
    


Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements

Recently
issued accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that require adoption
and that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements upon
adoption.




to conform to current year presentation. Notably
 $125
733 of employee-related costs previously included in selling
 general
and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations have been reclassified and presented as a separate line
item.

NOTE
3 - GOING CONCERN AND REALIZATION OF ASSETS

In
October 2016
 we lost our ability to continue energy drink distribution
 our principal source of revenue
 after receiving an unfavorable
ruling in our suit against Playboy Enterprises
 Inc.



consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America
 which contemplate our continuation as a going concern. We had a working capital deficiency of $37
059
342 and $37
994
597
as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 and a net income (loss) from continuing operations of $78
414 and $(406
558) during
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we had an accumulated deficit of $77
929
672
and $78
461
806
 respectively. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.


Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to successfully accomplish our business plan described in
the following paragraphs and eventually attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
adjustments that may be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern.

In
the coming year
 our foreseeable cash requirements will relate to development of business operations and associated expenses.
We may experience a cash shortfall and be required to raise additional capital.

Historically
we have mostly relied upon shareholder loans and advances to finance operations and growth. Management may raise additional capital
by retaining net earnings
 if any
 or through future public or private offerings of our stock or loans from private investors
although we cannot assure that we will be able to obtain such financing. Our failure to do so could have a material and adverse
effect upon us and our shareholders.

NOTE
4 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property
and equipment and estimated service lives consist of the following:



    

 2020

 2019
    

    
    
177
900
    

    
    
997
714
    

    
    
2
886
267
    

    
18
672
53
209
    

    
18
672
4
115
090
    

    
    
(4
105
318
    


 net
18
299
9
772
    


During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 we disposed of all of our remaining assets as part of our adoption of our new agreement to develop
and distribute certain products. There was no consideration received upon disposal resulting in a net loss  of $9
771 during the year ended December 31
 2020. There was $373 and $2
293 of depreciation expense recorded during
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

NOTE
5 - RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Transactions
involving Officers
 Directors
 and Stockholders

In
2007
 we issued a 10% promissory note to a family member of our president in exchange for $300
000. The note was due on demand
after May 2008. There were no repayments made during the periods presented. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the principal amount
owing on the note was $151
833 and $151
833
 respectively.


    
    


On
March 31
 2008
 we issued to this same family member
 along with two other company shareholders
 promissory notes totaling $315
000
($105
000 each). Under the terms of these three $105
000 notes
 we received total proceeds of $300
000 and agreed to repay the
amount received plus a 5% borrowing fee. The notes were due April 30
 2008
 after which they were due on demand
 with interest
accruing at 12% per annum. We made no payments towards the outstanding notes during the periods presented. The principal balance
owing on the notes as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 totaled $72
466 and $72
466
 respectively.

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 we made repayments to related parties of $467
409 and advances of $11
500 were received from
related parties. Additionally
 related parties paid expenses totaling $1
940 directly to vendors on our behalf. There were $287
776
and $738
655 of short-term advances due to related parties as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The advances are due
on demand and as such included in current liabilities.

The
terms of our employment agreement with Iehab Hawatmeh
 our president
 require us to grant options to purchase 6
000 shares of
our stock each year
 with an exercise price equal to the fair market price of our common stock as of the grant date
 as compensation
for services provided as our chief executive officer. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we granted options to purchase
6
000 shares of common stock relating to this employment agreement. There were also options to purchase 6
000 shares of common
stock that expired during the year ended December 31
 2020. There were outstanding options to purchase 30
000 shares of common
stock and options to purchase 30
000 shares of common held by Iehab Hawatmeh as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. See


As
of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we owed our president a total of $868
528 and $903
740 in unsecured advances. The advances and
short-term bridge loans were approved by our board of directors under a 5% borrowing fee. The borrowing fees were waived by our
president on these loans. These amounts are included in our liabilities from discontinued operations.

As
of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we owed a total of $13
740 to a related party through trade payables incurred in the normal course
of business. These amounts are shown as a separate related-party payable on the balance sheet as of each reporting date.

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 we made deposits with a related-party inventory supplier totaling $319
333. The related party
is an entity controlled by our CEO. All transactions were at a 2% markup over the related-party&rsquo;s cost paid for inventory
in arm&rsquo;s-length transactions. Total inventory purchases from the related party were $643
772 during the year ended December
31
 2020.

NOTE
6 - OTHER ACCRUED LIABILITIES

Accrued
tax liabilities consist of delinquent payroll taxes
 interest
 and penalties owed by us to the Internal Revenue Service (&ldquo;IRS&rdquo;)
and other tax entities.

Accrued
liabilities consist of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
557
894
806
331

    
796
645
271
668

    
1
354
539
1
077
999


Other
accrued liabilities as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 include a non-interest-bearing payable totaling $45
000 that is due on demand.
Additionally
 other accrued liabilities as of December 31
 2020 include customer deposits totaling $751
645. During the year ended
December 31
 2020
 our CEO made tax payments totaling $364
202 directly to the IRS on our behalf to reduce the tax liabilities owing.

Accrued
payroll and compensation liabilities consist of the following:



    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
    
4
000

    
135
000
135
000

    
121
858
121
858

    
2
148
2
148

    
3
874
340
3
494
630

    
4
133
346
3
757
636


During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 the statute of limitations on certain liabilities carried in accounts payable passed. As a result
we recognized a gain of $1
023
471 from the write-off of accounts payable included in continuing operations and $233
382
included in gains from discontinued operations.


    
    


Stock
option expenses consist of employee stock option expenses. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we resumed accruing wages
for our CEO
 which are included in administrative payroll. A total of $345
000 was accrued during the year ended December 31
2020
 of which $172
500 are included in cost of sales as a direct labor cost of fulfilling performance obligations related to
our revenue recognized and $172
500 are included in operating expenses. The allocation of wages to cost of sales and operating
expenses is based on the percentage of time spent by our CEO to directly deliver on certain performance obligations under our
contracts with our customers. Our CEO spent 100% of his time as such during the six months ended June 30
 2020
 with 0% of his
time spent as such during the third and fourth quarters of 2020.

NOTE
7 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Litigation
and Claims

Various
vendors
 service providers
 and others have asserted legal claims in previous years. These creditors generally are not actively
seeking collection of amounts due them
 and we have determined that the probability of realizing any loss on these claims is remote
and will seek to compromise and settle at a deep discount any of such claims that are asserted for collection. These amounts are
included in our current liabilities. We have not accrued any liability for claims or judgments that we have determined to be barred
by the applicable statute of limitations
 which generally is eight years for judgments in Utah.

Playboy
Enterprises
 Inc.

Our
affiliate
 Play Beverages
 LLC
 filed suit against Playboy Enterprises
 Inc.
 in Cook County
 Illinois
 Circuit Court in October
2012 asserting numerous claims
 including breach of contract and tortious interference. Playboy responded with a counterclaim
of breach of contract and trademark infringement. After proceedings in October 2016
 the court awarded a judgment to Playboy of
$6.6 million against Play Beverages and CirTran Beverage Corp.
 our subsidiary. The court denied our motion for a new trial and
awarded Playboy treble patent infringement damages and attorney&rsquo;s fees. We filed a notice of appeal in July 2017 and again
in March 2018. Playboy has initiated collection efforts but has recovered no funds. In September 2018
 the appellate court affirmed
the judgment of the circuit court. We have accrued $17
205
599 as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 related to this judgment
 which
is included in liabilities in discontinued operations.

Delinquent
Payroll Taxes
 Interest
 and Penalties

In
November 2004
 the IRS accepted our amended offer in compromise (the &ldquo;Offer&rdquo;) to settle delinquent payroll taxes
interest
 and penalties
 which requires us to pay $500
000
 remain current in our payment of taxes for five years
 and forego
claiming any net operating losses for the years 2001 through 2015 or until we pay taxes on future profits in an amount equal to
the taxes of $1
455
767 waived by the Offer. In June 2013
 we entered into a partial installment agreement to pay $768
526 in
unpaid 2009 payroll taxes
 which requires us to pay the IRS 5% of cash deposits. The monthly payments are to continue until the
account balances are paid in full or until the collection statute of limitation expired on October 6
 2020. We are currently
in communication with the IRS regarding the statute of limitations on this settlement and appropriate next steps. There was
$673
645 and $1
048
756 due as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

Employment
Agreements

We
engage Iehab Hawatmeh
 our president and chief executive officer
 through an employment agreement entered in August 2009 and amended
in September 2017. In July 2017
 Mr. Hawatmeh had resigned all positions with us to pursue other business activities
 thereby
effectively terminating the agreement. However
 the amendment to his employment agreement in September 2017 reinstated Mr. Hawatmeh
to his previous positions
 with a salary in an amount to be determined. Among other things
 the reinstated employment agreement:
(a) grants options to purchase a minimum of 6
000 shares of our stock each year
 with an exercise price equal to the market price
of our common stock as of the grant date
 for the maximum term allowed under our stock option plan; (b) provides for health insurance
coverage
 cell phone
 car allowance
 life insurance
 and director and officer liability insurance
 as well as any other bonus
approved by our board; and (c) includes additional incentive compensation as follows: (i) a quarterly bonus equal to 5% of our
earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization for the applicable quarter; (ii) bonuses equal to 1% of the net
purchase price of any acquisitions we complete that are directly generated and arranged by Mr. Hawatmeh; and (iii) an annual bonus
(payable quarterly) equal to 1% of our gross sales of all products
 net of returns and allowances. On January 1
 2020
 we resumed
accruing wages for our CEO. A total of $345
000 was accrued during the year ended December 31
 2020.

We
also have an oral agreement with our other director that requires us to issue options to purchase 2
000 shares of our common stock
each year.

During
the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we granted options to purchase 8
000 and 8
000 shares of common stock to Mr. Hawatmeh and
Ms. Hollinger
 respectively. We recorded expenses totaling $56 and $800 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
respectively
 for these options.

We
have no other agreements requiring the grant of options.





agreements whereby we are required to pay certain royalties for the manufacture and distribution of licensed products. Fees are based
on a percentage of sales and remitted quarterly. Such costs are included in cost of sales for financial reporting purposes.



    
    


NOTE
8 - NOTES PAYABLE

Notes
payable consisted of the following:



    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    

    
90
000
90
000

    
500
000
500
000

    
156
000
    

    
746
000
590
000


There
was $205
165 and $157
535 of accrued interest due on these note as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

NOTE
9 - CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES

We
have entered into various convertible debentures that encumber all of our assets. Convertible debentures consisted of the following:



    

 2020

 2019

    
    
    


 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on May 30
 2021
200
000
200
000


 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on December
    8
 2021
25
000
25
000


 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on February 8
 2021
25
000
25
000


 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on December
    8
 2021
25
000
10
000


 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on April 30
 2027
2
390
528
2
390
528

    
2
665
528
2
650
528

    
(613
428
(722
886

    
2
052
100
1
927
642

    
(264
284
(248
874

    
1
787
816
1
678
768


The
convertible debentures and accrued interest are convertible into shares of our common stock at the lower of $100 or the lowest
bid price for the 20 trading days prior to conversion.

As
of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we had accrued interest on the convertible debentures totaling $1
528
511 and $1
399
295
 respectively
of which $41
960 and $28
199 was current and $1
486
551 and $1
371
098 was long term
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020 and
2019
 the debentures
 including accrued but unpaid interest
 were convertible into 167
761
552 and 568
989
796 shares of our common
stock.

NOTE
10 &ndash; DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES

As
discussed in 
 we have entered into five separate agreements to borrow a total of $2
665
528
with the outstanding principal and interest being convertible at the holder&rsquo;s option into common stock of the company at
the lesser of $100 (notes one through four) or $0.10 (note five) or the lowest closing bid price in the prior 20 trading days.
Embedded derivatives are valued separately from the host instrument and are recognized as derivative liabilities in our balance
sheet. We measure these instruments at their estimated fair value and recognize changes in their estimated fair value in results
of operations during the period of change. We have estimated the fair value of these embedded derivatives for convertible debentures
and associated warrants using a Monte Carlo simulation as of December 31
 2020
 using the following assumptions:




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


The
fair values of the derivative instruments are measured each reporting period
 which resulted in a loss on the fair value of derivative
liabilities of $22
822 and $80
640 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the fair
market value of the derivatives aggregated $922
654 and $894
079
 respectively.


    
    


NOTE
11&mdash;STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT

We
are authorized to issue up to 100
000
000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we
issued a total of 220
000 shares of common stock for the conversion of $4
400 of accrued interest payable under our convertible
debentures. We had a total of 4
720
417 and 4
500
417 common shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.
During the year ended December 31
 2019
 we effected a 1:1000 reverse stock split of our outstanding stock. The impacts of the
reverse stock split have been retroactively stated.

NOTE
12 - INCOME TAXES

We
did not provide any current or deferred U.S. federal income tax provision or benefit for any of the periods presented because
we have experienced operating losses since inception. When it is more likely than not that a tax asset cannot be realized through
future income
 the company must allow for this future tax benefit. We provided a full valuation allowance on the net deferred
tax asset
 consisting of net operating loss carryforwards
 because management has determined that it is more likely than not that
we will not earn income sufficient to realize the deferred tax assets during the carryforward period.

We
have not taken a tax position that
 if challenged
 would have a material effect on the financial statements for the years ended
December 31
 2020 and 2019
 applicable under FASB ASC 740
. We did not recognize any adjustment to the liability
for an uncertain tax position and
 therefore
 did not record any adjustment to the beginning balance of accumulated deficit on
the balance sheet. All of our tax returns remain open.

As
of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we had net operating loss carryforwards for tax reporting purposes of approximately $19.0 million
and $19.1 million
 respectively. During the year ended December 31
 2019
 we dissolved four subsidiaries that had total net operating
loss carryforwards of approximately $8.9 million
 which were forfeited upon dissolution
 reducing our deferred tax asset by approximately
$1.9 million. In addition
 the realization of tax benefits relating to net operating loss carryforwards is limited due to the
settlement related to amounts previously due to the IRS
 as discussed in 

The
provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before
provision for income taxes. The sources and tax effects of the differences for the periods presented are as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    


Net
deferred tax assets consisted of the following:



    

 2020

 2019

    
3
791
763
4
005
545

    
(3
791
763
(4
005
545

    
    
    


A
reconciliation of income taxes computed at the statutory rate is as follows:



    

 2020

 2019

    
111
023
(245
508

    
    
    

    
75
142
8
794

    
    
    

    
23
042
    

    
4
564
    

    
(213
782
236
095

    
    
    



    
    


NOTE
13 - STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS

Stock
Incentive Plans

During
the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we granted to employees 8
000 and 8
000 options to purchase shares of common stock
respectively.

The
8
000 options granted during the year ended December 31
 2020
 were valued using the following assumptions: estimated five-year
term
 estimated volatility of 91%
 and a risk-free rate of 1.61%.

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 we granted 6
000 and 2
000 stock options relating to the employment agreements
with Mr. Hawatmeh and Ms. Hollinger. The fair market value of the options was $600
 using the following assumptions: estimated
seven-year term
 estimated volatility of 567%
 and a risk-free rate of 2.31%.

As
of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we had no unrecognized compensation related to outstanding options that have not yet vested at
 for a description
of amounts of option expenses included in accrued payroll and compensation expense.

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 we issued a total of 8
000 options to purchase common stock
 and a total of 8
000 options expired unexercised.
As of December 31
 2020
 there were 40
000 options issued and vested with a weighted average exercise price of $0.01 and a weighted average
remaining life of 2.92 years. Outstanding options as of December 31
 2020 consisted of:



Exercise
    Price
    
Avg
    Exercise
Remaining
    Life
    

    
8
000
    
    
8
000

    
32
000
    
    
32
000

    
40
000
    
    
40
000


NOTE
14 - DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

At
October 21
 2016
 we exited the beverage licensing and distribution business. The assets and liabilities associated with this
business are displayed as assets and liabilities from discontinued operations as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 as a result. Additionally
the revenues and costs associated with this business are displayed as losses from discontinued operations for the years ended
December 31
 2020 and 2019.

Total
assets and liabilities included in discontinued operations were as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
19
456
998
19
690
378

    
589
380
704
917

    
1
176
226
1
022
342

    
131
108
131
108

    
239
085
444
085

    
1
776
250
1
776
250

    
2
784
773
2
579
773

    
26
153
820
26
348
853



    
    


Net
losses from discontinued operations were comprised of the following components:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 general and administrative expenses
    
13
193

    
    
13
193

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(153
886
(153
465

    
233
382
18
095

    
79
496
(135
373

    
    
    

    
79
496
(148
566


NOTE
15 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

On
March 29
 2021
 we accepted a request from a convertible debenture holder to convert $6
750 of accrued but unpaid interest for
225
000 shares of common stock.

On
March 11
 2020
 the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a global pandemic. This situation is ongoing
 and we are
monitoring it closely. Although our response to the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve
 we have taken measures to mitigate
the impact on our business operations and overall financial performance. We are also constantly evaluating and responding to the
impact of the pandemic on our supply chain as compared to product demand. In addition
 we actively monitor COVID-19-related developments
and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal
 state
 or local authorities or
that we determine are in the best interests of our employees
 customers
 vendors
 and stockholders. The effects of these operational
modifications will be reflected in current and future reporting periods.


    














     



Exhibit
31.01

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14

I
Iehab Hawatmeh
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CirTran Corporation;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and

5.
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Dated:
May 17
 2021



/s/
    Iehab Hawatmeh
    

Iehab
    Hawatmeh
    

Principal
    Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
    



    













     



Exhibit
32.01

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of CirTran Corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31
 2020
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Iehab Hawatmeh
 Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of my knowledge and belief:



    
    
the
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations
    of the Company.




/s/
    Iehab Hawatmeh
    

Iehab
    Hawatmeh
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    

May
    17

    


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
 or other document authenticating
 acknowledging
 or otherwise
adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to
the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


    












begin 644 image_001.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1  N -\# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BHKFZM[





MM+FZDNH)8KM8_*
A+



MRC$JJ9'S##').#G/'/ FP39?UW7;K3+BWMK33)[IYD9C*(W:./! YV*QSSTP




M:\U&V;0[9L(D





8]*ZJL:R\*:%IU[]KL]
@@FW
M%QL!JQZE5Z*?H!6S0E8:5D%%%%,84444 %%%% 
P12S$!0
DGM7/\ @A6;


P23[4;^W!XWPR\DCZ.'!]
CUKJ:S=5

@(R(H+3DP*HV*R(C,D0R-CL]0$! )C!&2T4^2CD_0#W_
MVP!# 0L+P\-#QT0$!T]*2
I/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]



@@CU% [-#J*2EH$%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

ME%05Y
\4N_#&NZ(//DLYX@O_ TA;.W\17I?@#4;K4_#237DS32K*R;VZX'3
M-=,0

.5G%B

=J01$Y;ZD

M M%)10 M%)10 M%)FC- T4W(]:7- T4F:

7W&=

MM:U








:


M[#;(H_A8=14TY7T9T9CAXQ:K4_AD:M9^O_\ (N_^N=:%9^O_P#(N_^N=:'




Z&

YOIA<8:Y3RYANX&!V]\9H KVEZFG^X)Y&QBWP/4G' %9UQ:/9^&-'



MM33YEU=RK?#_ (N7IGI]AD_G41\N'XE(EAM!ELV-XJ=







MD_




_C6M

M
];^T*4U^^IW9X[%#K'B_5

6=I']/H:]OQ37C61=K %3U!&0:B4%([
+C9T/=

6J5.S9)FEI*6M3R@HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *I:O&)=*N4;.&
M3!Q110!;081?I3J** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

begin 644 report_002.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!PD'!@H) D+PH,#QD0#PX.
M#QX6%Q(9) F)2

M_\0 M1   @$# P($ P4%! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$(
M(T*QP152T? D


MJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q





7P5

X'
MN 1]

\/:A:^'








?E7/(SD8KK_'




E:7YBO<AYA)-.H(.P!
U?3TGC?&3<
M




I&*+2UALK2&VMHQ'!@1$'15 P!5#7M!BUZUB


end


















        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    



 2019
 we dissolved four subsidiaries that had total net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $8.9 million
 which were forfeited upon dissolution

    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


 marketing
&#13;distribution
 and technology services in a wide variety of consumer products
 including tobacco products
 medical devices
 and beverages.&#13;We have an innovative and consumer-focused approach to brand portfolio management
 resting on a strong understanding of consumers domestically
&#13;and we have established a footprint in more than 50 key

 2020
 we executed&#13;on our business plan
 fulfilling our obligations under a distribution agreement to manufacture
 distribute
 and sell condoms
 electronic&#13;tobacco products
 cigars
 energy drinks
 water beverages
 and related merchandise


 we lost&#13;our ability to continue energy drink distribution
 our principal source of revenue
 after receiving an unfavorable ruling in our suit&#13;against Playboy Enterprises

 which contemplate our continuation as a going concern. We had a working capital deficiency of $37
059
342 and $37
994
597&#13;as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 and a net income (loss) from continuing operations of $78
414 and $(406
558) during the&#13;years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we had an accumulated deficit of $77
929
672 and&#13;$78
461
806


 we have mostly relied upon shareholder&#13;loans and advances to finance operations and growth. Management may raise additional capital by retaining net earnings
 if any
 or through&#13;future public or private offerings of our stock or loans from private investors


 Directors

 we issued a 10%&#13;promissory note to a family member of our president in exchange for $300
000. The note was due on demand after May 2008. There were no&#13;repayments made during the periods presented. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the principal amount owing on the note was $151
833 and $151
833

 2008
 we issued&#13;to this same family member
 along with two other company shareholders
 promissory notes totaling $315
000 ($105
000 each). Under the terms&#13;of these three $105
000 notes
 we received total proceeds of $300
000 and agreed to repay the amount received plus a 5% borrowing fee.&#13;The notes were due April 30
 2008
 after which they were due on demand
 with interest accruing at 12% per annum. We made no payments towards&#13;the outstanding notes during the periods presented. The principal balance owing on the notes as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 totaled&#13;$72
466 and $72
466

 2020
 we made repayments to related parties of $467
409 and advances of $11
500 were received from related parties. Additionally
&#13;related parties paid expenses totaling $1
940 directly to vendors on our behalf. There were $287
776 and $738
655 of short-term advances&#13;due to related parties as of December 31
 2020 and 2019

 our president
 require us to grant options to purchase 6
000 shares of our stock each year
 with an exercise&#13;price equal to the fair market price of our common stock as of the grant date
 as compensation for services provided as our chief executive&#13;officer. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we granted options to purchase 6
000 shares of common stock relating to this employment&#13;agreement. There were also options to purchase 6
000 shares of common stock that expired during the year ended December 31
 2020. There&#13;were outstanding options to purchase 30
000 shares of common stock and options to purchase 30
000 shares of common held by Iehab Hawatmeh&#13;as of December 31
 2020 and 2019

 2020 and&#13;2019
 we owed our president a total of $868
528 and $903

 2020 and&#13;2019
 we owed a total of $13

 2020
 we made deposits with a related-party inventory supplier totaling $319
333. The related party is an entity controlled by our&#13;CEO. All transactions were at a 2% markup over the related-party&amp;#8217;s cost paid for inventory in arm&amp;#8217;s-length transactions.&#13;Total inventory purchases from the related party were $643
772 during the year ended December 31


 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31



000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;500




165 and $157
535&#13;of accrued interest due on these note as of December 31
 2020 and 2019


 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 60%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on May 30


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on&amp;#160;December 8
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on February 8
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on&amp;#160;December 8
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on April 30
 2027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
390
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
390

665

650



052

927



787

678

 2020 and&#13;2019
 we had accrued interest on the convertible debentures totaling $1
528
511 and $1
399
295
 respectively
 of which $41
960 and $28
199&#13;was current and $1
486
551 and $1
371
098 was long term
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the debentures
 including accrued&#13;but unpaid interest
 were convertible into 167
761
552 and 568
989


 we have entered into five separate agreements to borrow a total of $2
665
528 with the outstanding principal&#13;and interest being convertible at the holder&amp;#8217;s option into common stock of the company at the lesser of $100 (notes one through&#13;four) or $0.10 (note five) or the lowest closing bid price in the prior 20 trading days. Embedded derivatives are valued separately from&#13;the host instrument and are recognized as derivative liabilities in our balance sheet. We measure these instruments at their estimated&#13;fair value and recognize changes in their estimated fair value in results of operations during the period of change. We have estimated&#13;the fair value of these embedded derivatives for convertible debentures and associated warrants using a Monte Carlo simulation as of December&#13;31
 2020

 which resulted in a loss on the fair value of derivative liabilities of $22
822 and $80
640&#13;during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the fair market value of the derivatives aggregated&#13;$922
654 and $894
079


 the company must allow for this future tax benefit.&#13;We provided a full valuation allowance on the net deferred tax asset
 consisting of net operating loss carryforwards

 if challenged
&#13;would have a material effect on the financial statements for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 applicable under FASB ASC 740
&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Income&#13;Taxes&lt;/i&gt;. We did not recognize any adjustment to the liability for an uncertain tax position and
 therefore

 2020 and&#13;2019
 we had net operating loss carryforwards for tax reporting purposes of approximately $19.0 million and $19.1 million
 respectively.&#13;During the year ended December 31
 2019
 we dissolved four subsidiaries that had total net operating loss carryforwards of approximately&#13;$8.9 million
 which were forfeited upon dissolution
 reducing our deferred tax asset by approximately $1.9 million. In addition
 the realization&#13;of tax benefits relating to net operating loss carryforwards is limited due to the settlement related to amounts previously due to the&#13;IRS

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

791

005

791

005

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31



142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;8






 2016
 we exited&#13;the beverage licensing and distribution business. The assets and liabilities associated with this business are displayed as assets and&#13;liabilities from discontinued operations as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 as a result. Additionally
 the revenues and costs associated&#13;with this business are displayed as losses from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31


456

690

380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;704

176
226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
022

108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;131

085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;444

776
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
776

784
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
579

153

348







382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;18

496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(135




&#13;companies over which we exercise control through majority voting rights
 and companies in which we have a variable interest and we are&#13;the primary beneficiary. We account for our investments in common stock of other companies that we do not control
 but over which we can&#13;exert significant influence

 2020
 include the accounts of CirTran Corporation and our wholly owned subsidiaries:&#13;CirTran Products Corp.
 LBC Products
 Inc.
 and CirTran - Asia

 2019
 include the accounts of CirTran Corporation and our wholly owned subsidiaries: CirTran Products Corp.
&#13;CirTran Corporation (Utah)
 CirTran Beverage Corp.
 CirTran Online Corp.
 CirTran Media Corp.
 Racore Network
 and CirTran - Asia


 management is required to make&#13;estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities&#13;at the date of the financial statements


&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;
 for revenue recognition.&#13;Adoption of ASC 606 did not have a significant impact on our financial statements. We generate revenue by providing product design services&#13;and through the sales of tangible product. We recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers&#13;in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those products or services. We determine the transaction&#13;price associated with each deliverable based on a unique customer purchase order
 which is considered to be a stand-alone contract that&#13;we retain the right to accept or reject. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers

 2020
 we recognized&#13;revenues of $515
000 related to the performance obligations under product development service agreements with customers. These contracts&#13;are long term in nature and revenue is recognized at certain milestone intervals upon our delivery and customer acceptances of work product&#13;related to those milestones
 namely product design
 packaging
 branding display
 and prototypes. There were no costs to obtain the contracts&#13;identified and
 as such
 no asset has been recorded for customer acquisition costs. Additionally
 we have not recognized impairment losses&#13;related to the receivables from these contracts during the year ended December 31

 we recognized revenues of $1
217
625&#13;during the year ended December 31
 2020
 related to the delivery of product to our customers. Each delivery is based on a unique customer&#13;purchase order which is considered to be a stand-alone contract that we retain the right to accept or reject. Upon acceptance
 we oblige&#13;delivery of such product to the customer at an agreed-upon place
 time
 and price. We recognize revenue under the unique purchase order&#13;contract upon fulfillment of our performance obligations therein


&#13;short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. We did not hold any cash equivalents&#13;as of December 31


000 at December 31
 2020 and 2019. As&#13;we owned less than 20% of that company&amp;#8217;s stock as of each date
 and no significant influence or control exists


 including intangibles
 for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may&#13;not be recoverable. At each balance sheet date
 we evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate possible impairment.&#13;We use an estimate of future undiscounted net cash flows from the related asset or group of assets over their remaining life in measuring&#13;whether the assets are recoverable. We did not record expenses for the impairment of long-lived assets during the year ended December&#13;31


 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between&#13;financial reporting and the tax basis of assets
 liabilities
 the carryforward of operating losses and tax credits


 notes payable

&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement-Overall-Scope&#13;and Scope Exceptions&lt;/i&gt;
 defines fair value
 thereby eliminating inconsistencies in guidance found in various prior accounting pronouncements

 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from
 or corroborated by








 except that the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding would include&#13;common shares that may be issued subject to existing rights with dilutive potential when applicable. We had 569
029
796 potentially issuable&#13;common shares at December 31
 2019. However
 the impacts of the potentially issuable common shares were excluded from the diluted loss&#13;per common shares outstanding given the anti-dilutive effect such shares have on net losses per common share. There were 167
731
552&#13;such shares included for the year ended December 31


 carry no interest

    

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;526
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
814&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;40
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Reserves for obsolescence&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(241
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;325
252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18









 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31



886

672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;53

672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
115

105








645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;271

354

077


 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;135

858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;121

148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2

874
340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
494

133

757


 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31



000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;500





 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 60%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on May 30


000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on&amp;#160;December 8
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on February 8
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on&amp;#160;December 8
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on April 30
 2027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
390
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
390

665

650



052

927



787

678


&#13;2020

    

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31

791

005

791

005


 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31



142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;8







456

690

380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;704

176
226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
022

108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;131

085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;444

776
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
776

784
773&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
579

153

348







382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;18

496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(135



    
    

    

    
    


 the costs are included as part of production equipment in&#13;property and equipment and are amortized over their useful lives. We hold title to all molds and dies used in the manufacture of products.&#13;The capitalized cost
 net of accumulated depreciation
 associated with molds and dies included in property and equipment at December 31
&#13;2020
 and December 31
 2019
 was $0 and $9
772
 respectively. All property and equipment that was in service during the year ended December&#13;31
 2019
 was disposed of during the current period. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we purchased a vehicle for $18
672 and recorded&#13;depreciation expense of $373
 leaving a net book value of $18
299 as of December 31

 repairs



 material
 and overhead. Overhead cost&#13;is based on indirect costs allocated to cost of sales
 work-in-process inventory
 and finished goods inventory. Indirect overhead costs&#13;have been charged to cost of sales or capitalized as inventory


 we will place deposits on inventory&#13;to be delivered in the future. These deposits are carried as a separate balance sheet component and totaled $53
900 (non-related-party)&#13;and $319
333 (related-party) as of December 31
 2020. There were no deposits on inventory as of December 31

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;526
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
814&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;40
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Reserves for obsolescence&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(241
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;325
252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18


 which are described more fully in &lt;i&gt;Note 13&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8211; &lt;i&gt;Stock Options and Warrants&lt;/i&gt;. We account&#13;for our stock options in accordance with ASC 718-10
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees&lt;/i&gt;

 2020 and 2019


 $125
733 of employee related costs previously included in selling


 interest

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;557
894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;806
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;796
645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;271
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
354
539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
077

 2020 and 2019
 include a non-interest-bearing payable totaling $45
000 that is due on demand. Additionally
 other&#13;accrued liabilities as of December 31
 2020 include customer deposits totaling $751
645. During the year ended December 31
 2020 our&#13;CEO made tax payments totalling $364

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock option expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Director fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;135
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;135
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Bonus expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;121
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;121
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Administrative payroll&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
874
340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
494
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
133
346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
757

 2020
 the statute of limitations on certain liabilities carried in accounts payable passed. As a result
 we recognized a gain of $1
023
471&#13;from the write-off of accounts payable included in continuing operations and $233

 2020
 we resumed accruing wages for our CEO
 which are included&#13;in administrative payroll. A total of $345
000 was accrued during the year ended December 31
 2020
 of which $172
500 are included in&#13;cost of sales as a direct labor cost of fulfilling performance obligations related to our revenue recognized and $172
500 are included&#13;in operating expenses. The allocation of wages to cost of sales and operating expenses is based on the percentage of time spent by our&#13;CEO to directly deliver on certain performance obligations under our contracts with our customers. Our CEO spent 100% of his time as such&#13;during the six months ended June 30
 2020

    
    

000
000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we issued a total of 220
000 shares&#13;of common stock for the conversion of $4
400 of accrued interest payable under our convertible debentures. We had a total of 4
720
417&#13;and 4
500
417 common shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. During the year ended December 31
&#13;2019


 2021
 we accepted a request from a convertible&#13;debenture holder to convert $6
750 of accrued but unpaid interest for 225

 2020
 the World Health Organization characterized&#13;COVID-19 as a global pandemic. This situation is ongoing
 and we are monitoring it closely. Although our response to the COVID-19 pandemic&#13;continues to evolve
 we have taken measures to mitigate the impact on our business operations and overall financial performance. We are&#13;also constantly evaluating and responding to the impact of the pandemic on our supply chain as compared to product demand. In addition
&#13;we actively monitor COVID-19-related developments and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by&#13;federal
 state
 or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees
 customers
 vendors

    
    

    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 service providers
 and others have&#13;asserted legal claims in previous years. These creditors generally are not actively seeking collection of amounts due them
 and we have&#13;determined that the probability of realizing any loss on these claims is remote and will seek to compromise and settle at a deep discount&#13;any of such claims that are asserted for collection. These amounts are included in our current liabilities. We have not accrued any liability&#13;for claims or judgments that we have determined to be barred by the applicable statute of limitations


 Play Beverages
 LLC
 filed suit against&#13;Playboy Enterprises
 Inc.
 in Cook County
 Illinois
 Circuit Court in October 2012 asserting numerous claims
 including breach of contract&#13;and tortious interference. Playboy responded with a counterclaim of breach of contract and trademark infringement. After proceedings in&#13;October 2016
 the court awarded a judgment to Playboy of $6.6 million against Play Beverages and CirTran Beverage Corp.
 our subsidiary.&#13;The court denied our motion for a new trial and awarded Playboy treble patent infringement damages and attorney&amp;#8217;s fees. We filed&#13;a notice of appeal in July 2017 and again in March 2018. Playboy has initiated collection efforts but has recovered no funds. In September&#13;2018
 the appellate court affirmed the judgment of the circuit court. We have accrued $17
205
599 as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 related&#13;to this judgment

&#13;Interest

 the IRS accepted our amended offer in compromise (the &amp;#8220;Offer&amp;#8221;) to settle delinquent payroll taxes
 interest
&#13;and penalties
 which requires us to pay $500
000
 remain current in our payment of taxes for five years
 and forego claiming any net operating&#13;losses for the years 2001 through 2015 or until we pay taxes on future profits in an amount equal to the taxes of $1
455
767 waived by&#13;the Offer. In June 2013
 we entered into a partial installment agreement to pay $768
526 in unpaid 2009 payroll taxes
 which requires&#13;us to pay the IRS 5% of cash deposits. The monthly payments are to continue until the account balances are paid in full or until the collection&#13;statute of limitation expired on October 6
 2020. We are currently in communication with the IRS regarding the statute of limitations&#13;on this settlement and appropriate next steps. There was $673
645 and $1
048
756 due as of December 31
 2020 and 2019

&#13;our president and chief executive officer
 through an employment agreement entered in August 2009 and amended in September 2017. In July&#13;2017
 Mr. Hawatmeh had resigned all positions with us to pursue other business activities
 thereby effectively terminating the agreement.&#13;However
 the amendment to his employment agreement in September 2017 reinstated Mr. Hawatmeh to his previous positions
 with a salary&#13;in an amount to be determined. Among other things
 the reinstated employment agreement: (a) grants options to purchase a minimum of 6
000&#13;shares of our stock each year
 with an exercise price equal to the market price of our common stock as of the grant date
 for the maximum&#13;term allowed under our stock option plan; (b) provides for health insurance coverage
 cell phone
 car allowance
 life insurance
 and director&#13;and officer liability insurance
 as well as any other bonus approved by our board; and (c) includes additional incentive compensation&#13;as follows: (i) a quarterly bonus equal to 5% of our earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization for the applicable&#13;quarter; (ii) bonuses equal to 1% of the net purchase price of any acquisitions we complete that are directly generated and arranged by&#13;Mr. Hawatmeh; and (iii) an annual bonus (payable quarterly) equal to 1% of our gross sales of all products
 net of returns and allowances.&#13;On January 1
 2020
 we resumed accruing wages for our CEO. A total of $345
000 was accrued during the year ended December 31


 2020 and 2019
 we granted options to purchase 8
000 and 8
000 shares of common stock to Mr. Hawatmeh and Ms. Hollinger
 respectively.&#13;We recorded expenses totaling $56 and $800 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively


 the FASB&#13;issued Accounting Standard Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2016-02
 &lt;i&gt;Leases (Topic 842)
 &lt;/i&gt;which superseded guidance in ASC 840
 &lt;i&gt;Leases
&#13;&lt;/i&gt;which we adopted for the year ended December 31
 2019
 under the modified retrospective transition approach by applying the new standard&#13;to all leases existing at the date of initial application. We account for short term leases
 those lasting fewer than 12 months
 using&#13;the practical expedient as outlined in the guidance

409 as of December 31
 2020. Operating&#13;lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the&#13;lease term at commencement date. As the lease does not provide an implicit rate
 we use our incremental borrowing rate based on information&#13;available at the commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any&#13;lease payments made and excludes lease incentives and initial direct costs incurred. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate&#13;the lease when it is reasonably certain we will exercise that option. Although considered

500 through October 2022. We have determined the appropriate discount rate to be 5% based on&#13;our other borrowings secured by assets. A summary of future payments due under the terms of the lease as of December 31

500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Implied interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
091&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease liability as of December 31
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50



500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Implied interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
091&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease liability as of December 31
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31



886

672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;53

672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
115

105




 2020
 we disposed of all of our remaining assets as part of our adoption of our new agreement to develop and distribute certain products.&#13;There was no consideration received upon disposal resulting in a net loss of&amp;#160;$9
771&amp;#160;during the year ended December 31
 2020.&#13;There was $373 and $2
293 of depreciation expense recorded during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019


 2020 and 2019
 we granted to employees 8
000 and 8
000 options to purchase shares of common stock

000 options granted&#13;during the year ended December 31
 2020
 were valued using the following assumptions: estimated five-year term
 estimated volatility of&#13;91%

 2019
 we granted 6
000&amp;#160;and 2
000&amp;#160;stock options relating to the employment&amp;#160;agreements&amp;#160;with Mr. Hawatmeh&amp;#160;and&#13;Ms. Hollinger.&amp;#160;The fair market value of the options was $600
 using the following assumptions: estimated seven-year term
 estimated&#13;volatility of 567%

 2020 and&#13;2019

 2020
 we issued a total of 8
000 options to purchase common stock
 and a total of 8
000 options expired unexercised. As of December&#13;31
 2020
 there were 40
000 options issued and vested with a weighted average exercise price of $0.01 and a weighted average remaining&#13;life of&amp;#160;2.92&amp;#160;years.&amp;#160;Outstanding options as of December 31
















&#13;companies over which we exercise control through majority voting rights
 and companies in which we have a variable interest and we are&#13;the primary beneficiary. We account for our investments in common stock of other companies that we do not control
 but over which we can&#13;exert significant influence

 2020
 include the accounts of CirTran Corporation and our wholly owned subsidiaries:&#13;CirTran Products Corp.
 LBC Products
 Inc.
 and CirTran - Asia

 2019
 include the accounts of CirTran Corporation and our wholly owned subsidiaries: CirTran Products Corp.
&#13;CirTran Corporation (Utah)
 CirTran Beverage Corp.
 CirTran Online Corp.
 CirTran Media Corp.
 Racore Network
 and CirTran - Asia

 management is required to make&#13;estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities&#13;at the date of the financial statements

 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;
 for revenue recognition. Adoption&#13;of ASC 606 did not have a significant impact on our financial statements. We generate revenue by providing product design services and&#13;through the sales of tangible product. We recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in&#13;an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those products or services. We determine the transaction&#13;price associated with each deliverable based on a unique customer purchase order
 which is considered to be a stand-alone contract that&#13;we retain the right to accept or reject. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers

 2020
 we recognized&#13;revenues of $515
000 related to the performance obligations under product development service agreements with customers. These contracts&#13;are long term in nature and revenue is recognized at certain milestone intervals upon our delivery and customer acceptances of work product&#13;related to those milestones
 namely product design
 packaging
 branding display
 and prototypes. There were no costs to obtain the contracts&#13;identified and
 as such
 no asset has been recorded for customer acquisition costs. Additionally
 we have not recognized impairment losses&#13;related to the receivables from these contracts during the year ended December 31

 we recognized revenues of $1
217
625&#13;during the year ended December 31
 2020
 related to the delivery of product to our customers. Each delivery is based on a unique customer&#13;purchase order which is considered to be a stand-alone contract that we retain the right to accept or reject. Upon acceptance
 we oblige&#13;delivery of such product to the customer at an agreed-upon place
 time
 and price. We recognize revenue under the unique purchase order&#13;contract upon fulfillment of our performance obligations therein

&#13;short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. We did not hold any cash equivalents&#13;as of December 31

 the FASB&#13;issued Accounting Standard Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) 2016-02
 &lt;i&gt;Leases (Topic 842)
 &lt;/i&gt;which superseded guidance in ASC 840
 &lt;i&gt;Leases
&#13;&lt;/i&gt;which we adopted for the year ended December 31
 2019
 under the modified retrospective transition approach by applying the new standard&#13;to all leases existing at the date of initial application. We account for short term leases
 those lasting fewer than 12 months
 using&#13;the practical expedient as outlined in the guidance

409 as of December 31
 2020. Operating&#13;lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the&#13;lease term at commencement date. As the lease does not provide an implicit rate
 we use our incremental borrowing rate based on information&#13;available at the commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any&#13;lease payments made and excludes lease incentives and initial direct costs incurred. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate&#13;the lease when it is reasonably certain we will exercise that option. Although considered

500 through October 2022. We have determined the appropriate discount rate to be 5% based on&#13;our other borrowings secured by assets. A summary of future payments due under the terms of the lease as of December 31

500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Implied interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
091&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Operating lease liability as of December 31
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50

000 at December 31
 2020 and 2019. As&#13;we owned less than 20% of that company&amp;#8217;s stock as of each date
 and no significant influence or control exists

 the costs are included as part of production equipment in&#13;property and equipment and are amortized over their useful lives. We hold title to all molds and dies used in the manufacture of products.&#13;The capitalized cost
 net of accumulated depreciation
 associated with molds and dies included in property and equipment at December 31
&#13;2020
 and December 31
 2019
 was $0 and $9
772
 respectively. All property and equipment that was in service during the year ended December&#13;31
 2019
 was disposed of during the current period. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we purchased a vehicle for $18
672 and recorded&#13;depreciation expense of $373
 leaving a net book value of $18
299 as of December 31

 repairs

 including intangibles
 for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may&#13;not be recoverable. At each balance sheet date
 we evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate possible impairment.&#13;We use an estimate of future undiscounted net cash flows from the related asset or group of assets over their remaining life in measuring&#13;whether the assets are recoverable. We did not record expenses for the impairment of long-lived assets during the year ended December&#13;31


 material
 and overhead. Overhead cost&#13;is based on indirect costs allocated to cost of sales
 work-in-process inventory
 and finished goods inventory. Indirect overhead costs&#13;have been charged to cost of sales or capitalized as inventory


 we will place deposits on inventory&#13;to be delivered in the future. These deposits are carried as a separate balance sheet component and totaled $53
900 (non-related-party)&#13;and $319
333 (related-party) as of December 31
 2020. There were no deposits on inventory as of December 31

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 54%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;526
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
814&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;40
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Reserves for obsolescence&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(241
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;325
252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18

 which are described more fully in &lt;i&gt;Note 13&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#8211; &lt;i&gt;Stock Options and Warrants&lt;/i&gt;. We account&#13;for our stock options in accordance with ASC 718-10
 &lt;i&gt;Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees&lt;/i&gt;

 2020 and 2019

 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between&#13;financial reporting and the tax basis of assets
 liabilities
 the carryforward of operating losses and tax credits

 notes payable

 &lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement-Overall-Scope&#13;and Scope Exceptions&lt;/i&gt;
 defines fair value
 thereby eliminating inconsistencies in guidance found in various prior accounting pronouncements

 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from
 or corroborated by

 2020&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Quoted &lt;br /&gt;&#13;prices in &lt;br /&gt;&#13;active markets &lt;br /&gt;&#13;(Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant &lt;br /&gt;&#13;other &lt;br /&gt;&#13;observable &lt;br /&gt;&#13;inputs (Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant &lt;br /&gt;&#13;unobservable &lt;br /&gt;&#13;inputs (Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 36%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;922
654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;922

 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Quoted prices in active markets (Level 1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant other observable inputs (Level 2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 36%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;894
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;894

 except that the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding would include common&#13;shares that may be issued subject to existing rights with dilutive potential when applicable. We had 569
029
796 potentially issuable&#13;common shares at December 31
 2019. However
 the impacts of the potentially issuable common shares were excluded from the diluted loss&#13;per common shares outstanding given the anti-dilutive effect such shares have on net losses per common share. There were 167
731
552 such&#13;shares included for the year ended December 31

 carry no interest

 $125
733 of employee-related costs previously included in selling






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      







 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      







 current portion







      


      


      


      















 net of current portion



      


      


      



 par value $0.001; 100
000
000 shares authorized; 4
720
417 and 4
500
417 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019



      


      


      


      


















      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


























      


      


      


      

      






      


      





      

      





      


      

      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      

      


      


      

      









      


      


      





      






      

      


      


      










      


      









      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      



 taxes



      






      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      





      









      


      


      


      

      

      




      

      


      

      














      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 5% Stated Interest Rate
 Secured By All Of Our Assets
 Due On April 30


      




      

      


 including
 but not limited to


      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 including
 but not limited to





      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      


 taxes


      




      

      

      

      










      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      


 Plant


      

      




      


 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)



 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents


      


 Plant and Equipment






 Operating Lease
 Liability


      


 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant





      

      











 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Payment Arrangement


      


 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation


      

      

      

      


 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation


      































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2020
May 17
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020








































  2020
















































































































303



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



945
417


















































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











147







252


814





900







333







966







844


210





442


024





000


000





409





Property and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation

299


772





311
150


796














611





347
870


121
401



Lease liability
 current

118







740


740





904


994





776


655





354
539


077
999





133
346


757
636



Accrued interest
 current portion

824
948


405
946



Convertible debenture
 current portion
 net of discounts

284


874



Note payable
 current portion

000


000





194


833





654


079





153
820


348
853





052
193


014
621



Lease liability
 long term

291





Accrued interest
 net of current portion

490
951


371
098



Note payable
 net of current portion

000


000



Convertible debenture
 net of current portion
 net of discount

787
816


678
768





009
251


564
487

















Common stock
 par value $0.001; 100
000
000 shares authorized; 4
720
417 and 4
500
417 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively

720


500





226
851


222
615





929
672)


461
806)





698
101)


234
691)





311
150


796




































Accrued interest
 net of current portion.






















































































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of payments made in excess of existing cash balances
 which will be honored by the bank but reflected as a loan to the entity. Overdrafts generally have a very short time frame for correction or repayment and are therefore more similar to short-term bank financing than trade financing.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Carrying amount of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date
 net of the amount due in the next twelve months or greater than the normal operating cycle
 if longer. The debt is convertible into another form of financial instrument
 typically the entity's common stock.




























Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment within one year or during the operating cycle
 if shorter.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.

























































Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.






















































































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount of borrowings from a creditor other than a bank with a maturity within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

720
417


720
417



Common stock
 shares outstanding

720
417


720
417

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











732
625







273







352














420


733



Selling
 general and administrative expenses

518


825





938


558





414


558)












654)


756)





771)







822)


640)





023
471














000







224


415)





638


078
973)





496


566)





134


227
539)



Net income (loss) from continuing operations per common share
 basic






Net income (loss) from continuing operations per common share
 diluted






Net income (loss) from discontinued operations per common share
 basic






Net income (loss) from discontinued operations per common share
 diluted






Net income (loss) per common share
 basic






Net income (loss) per common share
 diluted








555
718


500
417





317
270


500
417





































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
























































Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation.






















































































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)


















































































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.





















































































Amount of expense for salary
 wage
 profit sharing; incentive and equity-based compensation; and other employee benefit.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































Amount of income related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Balance at Dec. 31
 2018

500


222
615


234
267)


007
152)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2018

500
417















227
539)


227
539)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2019

500


222
615


461
806)


234
691)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2019

500
417
























180




400



Common stock issued for conversion of accrued interest
 shares

000















134


134



Balance at Dec. 31
 2020

720


226
851


929
672)


698
101)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2020

720
417










































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



















































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











638


078
973)














293





822


640





211


215





771














023
471)









338





813







940


180)












438)


814)





900)







333)







966)







634)


210)





282


224





560


534





813)







710


970





255


746







740





876


477)





537)


050





339


427)












672)







672)














611)


611





000


000





500


987





409)


785)





000


400





000)


000)





520)


213












520)


213





147





Cash
 beginning of period






Cash
 end of period

147



































753


439





341







020







400







222







































































































































































































































































































































Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities of discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of operating activities of discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.






















































































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the obligations due for goods and services provided by the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries
 subsidiaries of a common parent
 an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in moneys or securities given as security including
 but not limited to
 contract
 escrow
 or earnest money deposits
 retainage (if applicable)
 deposits with clearing organizations and others
 collateral
 or margin deposits.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in interest payable
 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
 and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































Amount of increase (decrease) in obligations classified as other
 payable within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.




























The net cash inflow or outflow from the excess drawing from an existing cash balance
 which will be honored by the bank but reflected as a loan to the drawer.




























The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.




























The cash outflow for a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION
AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS


 marketing
distribution
 and technology services in a wide variety of consumer products
 including tobacco products
 medical devices
 and beverages.
We have an innovative and consumer-focused approach to brand portfolio management
 resting on a strong understanding of consumers domestically
and we have established a footprint in more than 50 key
 international markets.


 2020
 we executed
on our business plan
 fulfilling our obligations under a distribution agreement to manufacture
 distribute
 and sell condoms
 electronic
tobacco products
 cigars
 energy drinks
 water beverages
 and related merchandise
 all using the HUSTLER&#174; brand name under a December
2019 five-year manufacturing and distribution agreement with an unrelated party. We devoted most of 2019 to exploring a number of potential
product opportunities and preparing for the HUSTLER&#174; brand name products launch.



































The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES




companies over which we exercise control through majority voting rights
 and companies in which we have a variable interest and we are
the primary beneficiary. We account for our investments in common stock of other companies that we do not control
 but over which we can
exert significant influence
 using the cost method.


statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2020
 include the accounts of CirTran Corporation and our wholly owned subsidiaries:
CirTran Products Corp.
 LBC Products
 Inc.
 and CirTran - Asia
 Inc. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.


the year ended December 31
 2019
 include the accounts of CirTran Corporation and our wholly owned subsidiaries: CirTran Products Corp.
CirTran Corporation (Utah)
 CirTran Beverage Corp.
 CirTran Online Corp.
 CirTran Media Corp.
 Racore Network
 and CirTran - Asia
 Inc.
All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.




statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management is required to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.




Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 606
 
 for revenue recognition. Adoption
of ASC 606 did not have a significant impact on our financial statements. We generate revenue by providing product design services and
through the sales of tangible product. We recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in
an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those products or services. We determine the transaction
price associated with each deliverable based on a unique customer purchase order
 which is considered to be a stand-alone contract that
we retain the right to accept or reject. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers
 which
are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities.


 2020
 we recognized
revenues of $515
000 related to the performance obligations under product development service agreements with customers. These contracts
are long term in nature and revenue is recognized at certain milestone intervals upon our delivery and customer acceptances of work product
related to those milestones
 namely product design
 packaging
 branding display
 and prototypes. There were no costs to obtain the contracts
identified and
 as such
 no asset has been recorded for customer acquisition costs. Additionally
 we have not recognized impairment losses
related to the receivables from these contracts during the year ended December 31
 2020.


 we recognized revenues of $1
217
625
during the year ended December 31
 2020
 related to the delivery of product to our customers. Each delivery is based on a unique customer
purchase order which is considered to be a stand-alone contract that we retain the right to accept or reject. Upon acceptance
 we oblige
delivery of such product to the customer at an agreed-upon place
 time
 and price. We recognize revenue under the unique purchase order
contract upon fulfillment of our performance obligations therein
 typically limited to the delivery of product.




short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. We did not hold any cash equivalents
as of December 31
 2020 or 2019.




 the FASB
issued Accounting Standard Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2016-02

 


 2019
 under the modified retrospective transition approach by applying the new standard
to all leases existing at the date of initial application. We account for short term leases
 those lasting fewer than 12 months
 using
the practical expedient as outlined in the guidance
 which does not include recording such leases on the balance sheet.


resulted in recording right-of-use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;) assets and operating lease liabilities of $50
409 as of December 31
 2020. Operating
lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the
lease term at commencement date. As the lease does not provide an implicit rate
 we use our incremental borrowing rate based on information
available at the commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any
lease payments made and excludes lease incentives and initial direct costs incurred. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate
the lease when it is reasonably certain we will exercise that option. Although considered
 we determined in appropriate to exclude future
renewal terms from the capitalization of our operating lease.


requiring minimum monthly payments of $2
500 through October 2022. We have determined the appropriate discount rate to be 5% based on
our other borrowings secured by assets. A summary of future payments due under the terms of the lease as of December 31
 2021 is as follows:



    
    
    
52
500
    

    
    
    
(2
091
    

Operating lease liability as of December 31
 2021
    
    
50
409
    





consists of an investment in a private digital multi-media technology company that totaled $300
000 at December 31
 2020 and 2019. As
we owned less than 20% of that company&#8217;s stock as of each date
 and no significant influence or control exists
 the investment is
accounted for using the cost method. We evaluated the investment for impairment and determined there was none during the periods presented.




with the design and development of molds and dies for our contract-manufacturing segment. These costs are held as deposits on the balance
sheet until the molds or dies are finished and ready for use. At that point
 the costs are included as part of production equipment in
property and equipment and are amortized over their useful lives. We hold title to all molds and dies used in the manufacture of products.
The capitalized cost
 net of accumulated depreciation
 associated with molds and dies included in property and equipment at December 31
2020
 and December 31
 2019
 was $0 and $9
772
 respectively. All property and equipment that was in service during the year ended December
31
 2019
 was disposed of during the current period. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we purchased a vehicle for $18
672 and recorded
depreciation expense of $373
 leaving a net book value of $18
299 as of December 31
 2020.


in amounts equal to the cost of depreciable assets over estimated service lives. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter
of the life of the lease or the service life of the improvements. The straight-line method of depreciation and amortization is followed
for financial reporting purposes. Maintenance
 repairs
 and renewals that neither materially add to the value of the property nor appreciably
prolong its life are charged to expense as incurred. Gains or losses on dispositions of property and equipment are included in operating
results.

Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets


assets
 including intangibles
 for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may
not be recoverable. At each balance sheet date
 we evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate possible impairment.
We use an estimate of future undiscounted net cash flows from the related asset or group of assets over their remaining life in measuring
whether the assets are recoverable. We did not record expenses for the impairment of long-lived assets during the year ended December
31
 2020 or 2019.

Financial Instruments
with Derivative Features


instruments for trading purposes. However
 we have financial instruments that are considered derivatives or contain embedded features
subject to derivative accounting. Embedded derivatives are valued separately from the host instrument and are recognized as derivative
liabilities in our balance sheet. We measure these instruments at their estimated fair value and recognize changes in their estimated
fair value in results of operations during the period of change. We have estimated the fair value of these embedded derivatives using
a Monte Carlo simulation. The fair values of the derivative instruments are measured each reporting period.


the lower of average cost or net realizable value. Cost on manufactured inventories includes labor
 material
 and overhead. Overhead cost
is based on indirect costs allocated to cost of sales
 work-in-process inventory
 and finished goods inventory. Indirect overhead costs
have been charged to cost of sales or capitalized as inventory
 based on management&#8217;s estimate of the benefit of indirect manufacturing
costs to the manufacturing process. Inventories consist solely of finished goods.


value is less than original cost
 the inventory is reduced to market value. We determine market value on current resale amounts and whether
technological obsolescence exists. We will seek agreements with manufacturing customers that require them to purchase their inventory
items in the event they cancel their business with us.


 we will place deposits on inventory
to be delivered in the future. These deposits are carried as a separate balance sheet component and totaled $53
900 (non-related-party)
and $319
333 (related-party) as of December 31
 2020. There were no deposits on inventory as of December 31
 2019.


of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
526
372
    
    
    
18
814
    

    
    
    
40
803
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(241
923
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
325
252
    
    
    
18
814
    





options to directors and employees
. We account
for our stock options in accordance with ASC 718-10
 
 which requires the recognition of
the cost of employee services received in exchanged for an award of equity instruments in the financial statements and is measured based
on the grant date fair value of the award. ASC 718-10 also requires the stock option compensation expense to be recognized over the period
during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award (typically the vesting period).


was $56 and $800 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.




of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between
financial reporting and the tax basis of assets
 liabilities
 the carryforward of operating losses and tax credits
 and are measured using
the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. An allowance against deferred tax
assets is recorded when it is more likely than not that such tax benefits will not be realized. Research tax credits are recognized as
used.

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments


in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for cash
 notes payable
 and accounts payable approximate fair value because of
the immediate or short-term maturities of these financial instruments. The carrying amounts of our debt obligations approximate fair value.



and Scope Exceptions
 defines fair value
 thereby eliminating inconsistencies in guidance found in various prior accounting pronouncements
and increases disclosures surrounding fair value calculations. ASC 820-10-15 establishes a three-tiered fair value hierarchy that prioritizes
inputs to valuation techniques used in fair value calculations. The three levels of inputs are defined as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
Level 2&#8212;Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from
 or corroborated by
 observable market data.

    
    

    
    




    



values that approximate the carrying value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. Derivative liabilities are measured using
level 3 inputs.



    
    

    
    at December

 2020
    
    
    


(Level 1)
    
    
    


inputs (Level 2)
    
    
    

inputs (Level 3)
    

    
    
    
922
654
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
922
654
    




    
    
Total Fair Value at December 31
 2019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
894
079
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
894
079
    





is calculated by dividing net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during
each period. Diluted EPS is similarly calculated
 except that the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding would include common
shares that may be issued subject to existing rights with dilutive potential when applicable. We had 569
029
796 potentially issuable
common shares at December 31
 2019. However
 the impacts of the potentially issuable common shares were excluded from the diluted loss
per common shares outstanding given the anti-dilutive effect such shares have on net losses per common share. There were 167
731
552 such
shares included for the year ended December 31
 2020.




with various individuals. These advances are due upon demand
 carry no interest
 and are not collateralized. These advances are classified
as short-term liabilities.

Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements


issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that require adoption and that do not require adoption until a future
date are not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements upon adoption.




conform to current year presentation. Notably
 $125
733 of employee-related costs previously included in selling
 general and administrative
expenses on the consolidated statements of operations have been reclassified and presented as a separate line item.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]





NOTE 3 - GOING CONCERN
AND REALIZATION OF ASSETS


 we lost
our ability to continue energy drink distribution
 our principal source of revenue
 after receiving an unfavorable ruling in our suit
against Playboy Enterprises
 Inc.


consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America
 which contemplate our continuation as a going concern. We had a working capital deficiency of $37
059
342 and $37
994
597
as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 and a net income (loss) from continuing operations of $78
414 and $(406
558) during the
years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 we had an accumulated deficit of $77
929
672 and
$78
461
806
 respectively. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.


a going concern is dependent upon our ability to successfully accomplish our business plan described in the following paragraphs and eventually
attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary if we are unable
to continue as a going concern.


 our foreseeable cash requirements
will relate to development of business operations and associated expenses. We may experience a cash shortfall and be required to raise
additional capital.


 we have mostly relied upon shareholder
loans and advances to finance operations and growth. Management may raise additional capital by retaining net earnings
 if any
 or through
future public or private offerings of our stock or loans from private investors
 although we cannot assure that we will be able to obtain
such financing. Our failure to do so could have a material and adverse effect upon us and our shareholders.



































The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





NOTE 4 - PROPERTY AND
EQUIPMENT


estimated service lives consist of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
177
900
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
997
714
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
886
267
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
672
    
    
    
53
209
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
672
    
    
    
4
115
090
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(4
105
318
    
    
    

Property and equipment
 net
    
    
18
299
    
    
    
9
772
    
    
    



31
 2020
 we disposed of all of our remaining assets as part of our adoption of our new agreement to develop and distribute certain products.
There was no consideration received upon disposal resulting in a net loss of&#160;$9
771&#160;during the year ended December 31
 2020.
There was $373 and $2
293 of depreciation expense recorded during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE 5 - RELATED-PARTY
TRANSACTIONS

Transactions involving
Officers
 Directors
 and Stockholders


 we issued a 10%
promissory note to a family member of our president in exchange for $300
000. The note was due on demand after May 2008. There were no
repayments made during the periods presented. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the principal amount owing on the note was $151
833 and $151
833
respectively.


 2008
 we issued
to this same family member
 along with two other company shareholders
 promissory notes totaling $315
000 ($105
000 each). Under the terms
of these three $105
000 notes
 we received total proceeds of $300
000 and agreed to repay the amount received plus a 5% borrowing fee.
The notes were due April 30
 2008
 after which they were due on demand
 with interest accruing at 12% per annum. We made no payments towards
the outstanding notes during the periods presented. The principal balance owing on the notes as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 totaled
$72
466 and $72
466
 respectively.


31
 2020
 we made repayments to related parties of $467
409 and advances of $11
500 were received from related parties. Additionally
related parties paid expenses totaling $1
940 directly to vendors on our behalf. There were $287
776 and $738
655 of short-term advances
due to related parties as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The advances are due on demand and as such included in current
liabilities.


agreement with Iehab Hawatmeh
 our president
 require us to grant options to purchase 6
000 shares of our stock each year
 with an exercise
price equal to the fair market price of our common stock as of the grant date
 as compensation for services provided as our chief executive
officer. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we granted options to purchase 6
000 shares of common stock relating to this employment
agreement. There were also options to purchase 6
000 shares of common stock that expired during the year ended December 31
 2020. There
were outstanding options to purchase 30
000 shares of common stock and options to purchase 30
000 shares of common held by Iehab Hawatmeh
as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
Note 12 &#8211;
Stock Options and Warrants


 2020 and
2019
 we owed our president a total of $868
528 and $903
740 in unsecured advances. The advances and short-term bridge loans were approved
by our board of directors under a 5% borrowing fee. The borrowing fees were waived by our president on these loans. These amounts are
included in our liabilities from discontinued operations.


 2020 and
2019
 we owed a total of $13
740 to a related party through trade payables incurred in the normal course of business. These amounts are
shown as a separate related-party payable on the balance sheet as of each reporting date.


31
 2020
 we made deposits with a related-party inventory supplier totaling $319
333. The related party is an entity controlled by our
CEO. All transactions were at a 2% markup over the related-party&#8217;s cost paid for inventory in arm&#8217;s-length transactions.
Total inventory purchases from the related party were $643
772 during the year ended December 31
 2020.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE 6 - OTHER ACCRUED
LIABILITIES


of delinquent payroll taxes
 interest
 and penalties owed by us to the Internal Revenue Service (&#8220;IRS&#8221;) and other tax entities.


of the following:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
557
894
    
    
    
806
331
    

    
    
    
796
645
    
    
    
271
668
    

    
    
    
1
354
539
    
    
    
1
077
999
    



as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 include a non-interest-bearing payable totaling $45
000 that is due on demand. Additionally
 other
accrued liabilities as of December 31
 2020 include customer deposits totaling $751
645. During the year ended December 31
 2020 our
CEO made tax payments totalling $364
202 directly to the IRS on our behalf to  reduce the tax liabilities owing.


liabilities consist of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
000
    

    
    
    
135
000
    
    
    
135
000
    

    
    
    
121
858
    
    
    
121
858
    

    
    
    
2
148
    
    
    
2
148
    

    
    
    
3
874
340
    
    
    
3
494
630
    

    
    
    
4
133
346
    
    
    
3
757
636
    



31
 2020
 the statute of limitations on certain liabilities carried in accounts payable passed. As a result
 we recognized a gain of $1
023
471
from the write-off of accounts payable included in continuing operations and $233
382 included in gains from discontinued operations.


of employee stock option expenses. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we resumed accruing wages for our CEO
 which are included
in administrative payroll. A total of $345
000 was accrued during the year ended December 31
 2020
 of which $172
500 are included in
cost of sales as a direct labor cost of fulfilling performance obligations related to our revenue recognized and $172
500 are included
in operating expenses. The allocation of wages to cost of sales and operating expenses is based on the percentage of time spent by our
CEO to directly deliver on certain performance obligations under our contracts with our customers. Our CEO spent 100% of his time as such
during the six months ended June 30
 2020
 with 0% of his time spent as such during the third and fourth quarters of 2020.







The entire disclosure for accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities that are classified as current at the end of the reporting period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE 7 - COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES




 service providers
 and others have
asserted legal claims in previous years. These creditors generally are not actively seeking collection of amounts due them
 and we have
determined that the probability of realizing any loss on these claims is remote and will seek to compromise and settle at a deep discount
any of such claims that are asserted for collection. These amounts are included in our current liabilities. We have not accrued any liability
for claims or judgments that we have determined to be barred by the applicable statute of limitations
 which generally is eight years
for judgments in Utah.

Playboy Enterprises
 Inc.


 Play Beverages
 LLC
 filed suit against
Playboy Enterprises
 Inc.
 in Cook County
 Illinois
 Circuit Court in October 2012 asserting numerous claims
 including breach of contract
and tortious interference. Playboy responded with a counterclaim of breach of contract and trademark infringement. After proceedings in
October 2016
 the court awarded a judgment to Playboy of $6.6 million against Play Beverages and CirTran Beverage Corp.
 our subsidiary.
The court denied our motion for a new trial and awarded Playboy treble patent infringement damages and attorney&#8217;s fees. We filed
a notice of appeal in July 2017 and again in March 2018. Playboy has initiated collection efforts but has recovered no funds. In September
2018
 the appellate court affirmed the judgment of the circuit court. We have accrued $17
205
599 as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 related
to this judgment
 which is included in liabilities in discontinued operations.

Delinquent Payroll Taxes
Interest
 and Penalties

In
November 2004
 the IRS accepted our amended offer in compromise (the &#8220;Offer&#8221;) to settle delinquent payroll taxes
 interest
and penalties
 which requires us to pay $500
000
 remain current in our payment of taxes for five years
 and forego claiming any net operating
losses for the years 2001 through 2015 or until we pay taxes on future profits in an amount equal to the taxes of $1
455
767 waived by
the Offer. In June 2013
 we entered into a partial installment agreement to pay $768
526 in unpaid 2009 payroll taxes
 which requires
us to pay the IRS 5% of cash deposits. The monthly payments are to continue until the account balances are paid in full or until the collection
statute of limitation expired on October 6
 2020. We are currently in communication with the IRS regarding the statute of limitations
on this settlement and appropriate next steps. There was $673
645 and $1
048
756 due as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.




our president and chief executive officer
 through an employment agreement entered in August 2009 and amended in September 2017. In July
2017
 Mr. Hawatmeh had resigned all positions with us to pursue other business activities
 thereby effectively terminating the agreement.
However
 the amendment to his employment agreement in September 2017 reinstated Mr. Hawatmeh to his previous positions
 with a salary
in an amount to be determined. Among other things
 the reinstated employment agreement: (a) grants options to purchase a minimum of 6
000
shares of our stock each year
 with an exercise price equal to the market price of our common stock as of the grant date
 for the maximum
term allowed under our stock option plan; (b) provides for health insurance coverage
 cell phone
 car allowance
 life insurance
 and director
and officer liability insurance
 as well as any other bonus approved by our board; and (c) includes additional incentive compensation
as follows: (i) a quarterly bonus equal to 5% of our earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization for the applicable
quarter; (ii) bonuses equal to 1% of the net purchase price of any acquisitions we complete that are directly generated and arranged by
Mr. Hawatmeh; and (iii) an annual bonus (payable quarterly) equal to 1% of our gross sales of all products
 net of returns and allowances.
On January 1
 2020
 we resumed accruing wages for our CEO. A total of $345
000 was accrued during the year ended December 31
 2020.


with our other director that requires us to issue options to purchase 2
000 shares of our common stock each year.


31
 2020 and 2019
 we granted options to purchase 8
000 and 8
000 shares of common stock to Mr. Hawatmeh and Ms. Hollinger
 respectively.
We recorded expenses totaling $56 and $800 during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 for these options.


requiring the grant of options.




whereby we are required to pay certain royalties for the manufacture and distribution of licensed products. Fees are based on a percentage
of sales and remitted quarterly. Such costs are included in cost of sales for financial reporting purposes.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










the following:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
90
000
    
    
    
90
000
    

    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
500
000
    

    
    
    
156
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
746
000
    
    
    
590
000
    



165 and $157
535
of accrued interest due on these note as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE 9 - CONVERTIBLE
DEBENTURES


convertible debentures that encumber all of our assets. Convertible debentures consisted of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on May 30
 2021
    
    
200
000
    
    
    
200
000
    

Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on&#160;December 8
 2021
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
25
000
    

Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on February 8
 2021
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
25
000
    

Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on&#160;December 8
 2021
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
10
000
    

Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on April 30
 2027
    
    
2
390
528
    
    
    
2
390
528
    

    
    
    
2
665
528
    
    
    
2
650
528
    

    
    
    
(613
428
    
    
    
(722
886
    

    
    
    
2
052
100
    
    
    
1
927
642
    

    
    
    
(264
284
    
    
    
(248
874
    

    
    
    
1
787
816
    
    
    
1
678
768
    



and accrued interest are convertible into shares of our common stock at the lower of $100 or the lowest bid price for the 20 trading days
prior to conversion.


 2020 and
2019
 we had accrued interest on the convertible debentures totaling $1
528
511 and $1
399
295
 respectively
 of which $41
960 and $28
199
was current and $1
486
551 and $1
371
098 was long term
 respectively. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the debentures
 including accrued
but unpaid interest
 were convertible into 167
761
552 and 568
989
796 shares of our common stock.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE 10 &#8211; DERIVATIVE
LIABILITIES

Note
9 - Convertible Debentures
 we have entered into five separate agreements to borrow a total of $2
665
528 with the outstanding principal
and interest being convertible at the holder&#8217;s option into common stock of the company at the lesser of $100 (notes one through
four) or $0.10 (note five) or the lowest closing bid price in the prior 20 trading days. Embedded derivatives are valued separately from
the host instrument and are recognized as derivative liabilities in our balance sheet. We measure these instruments at their estimated
fair value and recognize changes in their estimated fair value in results of operations during the period of change. We have estimated
the fair value of these embedded derivatives for convertible debentures and associated warrants using a Monte Carlo simulation as of December
31
 2020
 using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



instruments are measured each reporting period
 which resulted in a loss on the fair value of derivative liabilities of $22
822 and $80
640
during the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the fair market value of the derivatives aggregated
$922
654 and $894
079
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE 11&#8212;STOCKHOLDERS&#8217;
DEFICIT


up to 100
000
000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we issued a total of 220
000 shares
of common stock for the conversion of $4
400 of accrued interest payable under our convertible debentures. We had a total of 4
720
417
and 4
500
417 common shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. During the year ended December 31
2019
 we effected a 1:1000 reverse stock split of our outstanding stock. The impacts of the reverse stock split have been retroactively
stated.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










income tax provision or benefit for any of the periods presented because we have experienced operating losses since inception. When it
is more likely than not that a tax asset cannot be realized through future income
 the company must allow for this future tax benefit.
We provided a full valuation allowance on the net deferred tax asset
 consisting of net operating loss carryforwards
 because management
has determined that it is more likely than not that we will not earn income sufficient to realize the deferred tax assets during the carryforward
period.


 if challenged
would have a material effect on the financial statements for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 applicable under FASB ASC 740

Taxes
 therefore
 did not record any adjustment
to the beginning balance of accumulated deficit on the balance sheet. All of our tax returns remain open.


 2020 and
2019
 we had net operating loss carryforwards for tax reporting purposes of approximately $19.0 million and $19.1 million
 respectively.
During the year ended December 31
 2019
 we dissolved four subsidiaries that had total net operating loss carryforwards of approximately
$8.9 million
 which were forfeited upon dissolution
 reducing our deferred tax asset by approximately $1.9 million. In addition
 the realization
of tax benefits relating to net operating loss carryforwards is limited due to the settlement related to amounts previously due to the
IRS
 as discussed in&#160;


computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before provision for income taxes. The sources and tax effects of
the differences for the periods presented are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    






    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
3
791
763
    
    
    
4
005
545
    

    
    
    
(3
791
763
    
    
    
(4
005
545
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



rate is as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
111
023
    
    
    
(245
508
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
75
142
    
    
    
8
794
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
23
042
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
564
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(213
782
    
    
    
236
095
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE 13 - STOCK OPTIONS
AND WARRANTS




31
 2020 and 2019
 we granted to employees 8
000 and 8
000 options to purchase shares of common stock
 respectively.


000 options granted
during the year ended December 31
 2020
 were valued using the following assumptions: estimated five-year term
 estimated volatility of
91%
 and a risk-free rate of 1.61%.


31
 2019
 we granted 6
000&#160;and 2
000&#160;stock options relating to the employment&#160;agreements&#160;with Mr. Hawatmeh&#160;and
Ms. Hollinger.&#160;The fair market value of the options was $600
 using the following assumptions: estimated seven-year term
 estimated
volatility of 567%
 and a risk-free rate of&#160;2.31%.


 2020 and
2019
 we had no unrecognized compensation related to outstanding options that have not yet vested at year-end that would be recognized
&#160;for a description of amounts of option expenses included
in accrued payroll and compensation expense.


31
 2020
 we issued a total of 8
000 options to purchase common stock
 and a total of 8
000 options expired unexercised. As of December
31
 2020
 there were 40
000 options issued and vested with a weighted average exercise price of $0.01 and a weighted average remaining
life of&#160;2.92&#160;years.&#160;Outstanding options as of December 31
 2020 consisted of:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
8
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
32
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
32
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
40
000
    





































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity and share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 disclosure of policy and terms of share-based payment arrangement
 deferred compensation arrangement
 and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE 14 - DISCONTINUED
OPERATIONS


 2016
 we exited
the beverage licensing and distribution business. The assets and liabilities associated with this business are displayed as assets and
liabilities from discontinued operations as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 as a result. Additionally
 the revenues and costs associated
with this business are displayed as losses from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.


included in discontinued operations were as follows:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
19
456
998
    
    
    
19
690
378
    

    
    
    
589
380
    
    
    
704
917
    

    
    
    
1
176
226
    
    
    
1
022
342
    

    
    
    
131
108
    
    
    
131
108
    

    
    
    
239
085
    
    
    
444
085
    

    
    
    
1
776
250
    
    
    
1
776
250
    

    
    
    
2
784
773
    
    
    
2
579
773
    

    
    
    
26
153
820
    
    
    
26
348
853
    



operations were comprised of the following components:



    
    
Year Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Selling
 general and administrative expenses
    
    
    
    
    
    
13
193
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
13
193
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(153
886
    
    
    
(153
465
    

    
    
    
233
382
    
    
    
18
095
    

    
    
    
79
496
    
    
    
(135
373
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
79
496
    
    
    
(148
566
    





































The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE 15 - SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS


 2021
 we accepted a request from a convertible
debenture holder to convert $6
750 of accrued but unpaid interest for 225
000 shares of common stock.


 2020
 the World Health Organization characterized
COVID-19 as a global pandemic. This situation is ongoing
 and we are monitoring it closely. Although our response to the COVID-19 pandemic
continues to evolve
 we have taken measures to mitigate the impact on our business operations and overall financial performance. We are
also constantly evaluating and responding to the impact of the pandemic on our supply chain as compared to product demand. In addition
we actively monitor COVID-19-related developments and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by
federal
 state
 or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees
 customers
 vendors
 and stockholders.
The effects of these operational modifications will be reflected in current and future reporting periods.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020










companies over which we exercise control through majority voting rights
 and companies in which we have a variable interest and we are
the primary beneficiary. We account for our investments in common stock of other companies that we do not control
 but over which we can
exert significant influence
 using the cost method.


statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2020
 include the accounts of CirTran Corporation and our wholly owned subsidiaries:
CirTran Products Corp.
 LBC Products
 Inc.
 and CirTran - Asia
 Inc. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.


the year ended December 31
 2019
 include the accounts of CirTran Corporation and our wholly owned subsidiaries: CirTran Products Corp.
CirTran Corporation (Utah)
 CirTran Beverage Corp.
 CirTran Online Corp.
 CirTran Media Corp.
 Racore Network
 and CirTran - Asia
 Inc.
All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.







statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 management is required to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.







Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 606
&#160;
 for revenue recognition.
Adoption of ASC 606 did not have a significant impact on our financial statements. We generate revenue by providing product design services
and through the sales of tangible product. We recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those products or services. We determine the transaction
price associated with each deliverable based on a unique customer purchase order
 which is considered to be a stand-alone contract that
we retain the right to accept or reject. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers
 which
are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities.


 2020
 we recognized
revenues of $515
000 related to the performance obligations under product development service agreements with customers. These contracts
are long term in nature and revenue is recognized at certain milestone intervals upon our delivery and customer acceptances of work product
related to those milestones
 namely product design
 packaging
 branding display
 and prototypes. There were no costs to obtain the contracts
identified and
 as such
 no asset has been recorded for customer acquisition costs. Additionally
 we have not recognized impairment losses
related to the receivables from these contracts during the year ended December 31
 2020.


 we recognized revenues of $1
217
625
during the year ended December 31
 2020
 related to the delivery of product to our customers. Each delivery is based on a unique customer
purchase order which is considered to be a stand-alone contract that we retain the right to accept or reject. Upon acceptance
 we oblige
delivery of such product to the customer at an agreed-upon place
 time
 and price. We recognize revenue under the unique purchase order
contract upon fulfillment of our performance obligations therein
 typically limited to the delivery of product.







short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. We did not hold any cash equivalents
as of December 31
 2020 or 2019.







 the FASB
issued Accounting Standard Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2016-02

 


 2019
 under the modified retrospective transition approach by applying the new standard
to all leases existing at the date of initial application. We account for short term leases
 those lasting fewer than 12 months
 using
the practical expedient as outlined in the guidance
 which does not include recording such leases on the balance sheet.


resulted in recording right-of-use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;) assets and operating lease liabilities of $50
409 as of December 31
 2020. Operating
lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the
lease term at commencement date. As the lease does not provide an implicit rate
 we use our incremental borrowing rate based on information
available at the commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any
lease payments made and excludes lease incentives and initial direct costs incurred. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate
the lease when it is reasonably certain we will exercise that option. Although considered
 we determined in appropriate to exclude future
renewal terms from the capitalization of our operating lease.


requiring minimum monthly payments of $2
500 through October 2022. We have determined the appropriate discount rate to be 5% based on
our other borrowings secured by assets. A summary of future payments due under the terms of the lease as of December 31
 2021 is as follows:



    
    
    
52
500
    

    
    
    
(2
091
    

Operating lease liability as of December 31
 2021
    
    
50
409
    
  







consists of an investment in a private digital multi-media technology company that totaled $300
000 at December 31
 2020 and 2019. As
we owned less than 20% of that company&#8217;s stock as of each date
 and no significant influence or control exists
 the investment
is accounted for using the cost method. We evaluated the investment for impairment and determined there was none during the periods presented.







with the design and development of molds and dies for our contract-manufacturing segment. These costs are held as deposits on the balance
sheet until the molds or dies are finished and ready for use. At that point
 the costs are included as part of production equipment in
property and equipment and are amortized over their useful lives. We hold title to all molds and dies used in the manufacture of products.
The capitalized cost
 net of accumulated depreciation
 associated with molds and dies included in property and equipment at December 31
2020
 and December 31
 2019
 was $0 and $9
772
 respectively. All property and equipment that was in service during the year ended December
31
 2019
 was disposed of during the current period. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we purchased a vehicle for $18
672 and recorded
depreciation expense of $373
 leaving a net book value of $18
299 as of December 31
 2020.


in amounts equal to the cost of depreciable assets over estimated service lives. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter
of the life of the lease or the service life of the improvements. The straight-line method of depreciation and amortization is followed
for financial reporting purposes. Maintenance
 repairs
 and renewals that neither materially add to the value of the property nor appreciably
prolong its life are charged to expense as incurred. Gains or losses on dispositions of property and equipment are included in operating
results.




Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets


assets
 including intangibles
 for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may
not be recoverable. At each balance sheet date
 we evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate possible impairment.
We use an estimate of future undiscounted net cash flows from the related asset or group of assets over their remaining life in measuring
whether the assets are recoverable. We did not record expenses for the impairment of long-lived assets during the year ended December
31
 2020 or 2019.




Financial Instruments
with Derivative Features


instruments for trading purposes. However
 we have financial instruments that are considered derivatives or contain embedded features
subject to derivative accounting. Embedded derivatives are valued separately from the host instrument and are recognized as derivative
liabilities in our balance sheet. We measure these instruments at their estimated fair value and recognize changes in their estimated
fair value in results of operations during the period of change. We have estimated the fair value of these embedded derivatives using
a Monte Carlo simulation. The fair values of the derivative instruments are measured each reporting period.


the lower of average cost or net realizable value. Cost on manufactured inventories includes labor
 material
 and overhead. Overhead cost
is based on indirect costs allocated to cost of sales
 work-in-process inventory
 and finished goods inventory. Indirect overhead costs
have been charged to cost of sales or capitalized as inventory
 based on management&#8217;s estimate of the benefit of indirect manufacturing
costs to the manufacturing process. Inventories consist solely of finished goods.


value is less than original cost
 the inventory is reduced to market value. We determine market value on current resale amounts and whether
technological obsolescence exists. We will seek agreements with manufacturing customers that require them to purchase their inventory
items in the event they cancel their business with us.


 we will place deposits on inventory
to be delivered in the future. These deposits are carried as a separate balance sheet component and totaled $53
900 (non-related-party)
and $319
333 (related-party) as of December 31
 2020. There were no deposits on inventory as of December 31
 2019.


of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
526
372
    
    
    
18
814
    

    
    
    
40
803
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(241
923
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
325
252
    
    
    
18
814
    
  







options to directors and employees
. We account
for our stock options in accordance with ASC 718-10
 
 which requires the recognition of
the cost of employee services received in exchanged for an award of equity instruments in the financial statements and is measured based
on the grant date fair value of the award. ASC 718-10 also requires the stock option compensation expense to be recognized over the period
during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award (typically the vesting period).


was $56 and $800 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.







of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between
financial reporting and the tax basis of assets
 liabilities
 the carryforward of operating losses and tax credits
 and are measured
using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. An allowance against deferred
tax assets is recorded when it is more likely than not that such tax benefits will not be realized. Research tax credits are recognized
as used.




Fair Value of Financial
Instruments


in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for cash
 notes payable
 and accounts payable approximate fair value because of
the immediate or short-term maturities of these financial instruments. The carrying amounts of our debt obligations approximate fair value.



and Scope Exceptions
 defines fair value
 thereby eliminating inconsistencies in guidance found in various prior accounting pronouncements
and increases disclosures surrounding fair value calculations. ASC 820-10-15 establishes a three-tiered fair value hierarchy that prioritizes
inputs to valuation techniques used in fair value calculations. The three levels of inputs are defined as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
Level 2&#8212;Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from
 or corroborated by
 observable market data.

    
    

    
    




    



values that approximate the carrying value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. Derivative liabilities are measured using
level 3 inputs.



    
    

    
    at December

 2020
    
    
    


(Level 1)
    
    
    


inputs (Level 2)
    
    
    

inputs (Level 3)
    

    
    
    
922
654
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
922
654
    




    
    
Total Fair Value at December 31
 2019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
894
079
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
894
079
    









is calculated by dividing net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during
each period. Diluted EPS is similarly calculated
 except that the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding would include
common shares that may be issued subject to existing rights with dilutive potential when applicable. We had 569
029
796 potentially issuable
common shares at December 31
 2019. However
 the impacts of the potentially issuable common shares were excluded from the diluted loss
per common shares outstanding given the anti-dilutive effect such shares have on net losses per common share. There were 167
731
552
such shares included for the year ended December 31
 2020.







with various individuals. These advances are due upon demand
 carry no interest
 and are not collateralized. These advances are classified
as short-term liabilities.




Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements


issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that require adoption and that do not require adoption until a future
date are not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements upon adoption.







to conform to current year presentation. Notably
 $125
733 of employee related costs previously included in selling
 general and
administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations have been reclassified and presented as a separate line
item.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy related to debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 debt issuance costs
 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing debt issuance costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for derivatives entered into for trading purposes and those entered into for purposes other than trading including where and when derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments and their related gains or losses are reported in the entity's statements of financial position
 cash flows
 and results of operations.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for reclassification affecting comparability of financial statement. Excludes amendment to accounting standards
 other change in accounting principle
 and correction of error.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







A summary of future payments
due under the terms of the lease as of December 31
 2021 is as follows:



    
    
    
52
500
    

    
    
    
(2
091
    

Operating lease liability as of December 31
 2021
    
    
50
409
    
  




Inventory balances consisted
of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
526
372
    
    
    
18
814
    

    
    
    
40
803
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(241
923
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
325
252
    
    
    
18
814
    
  




Derivative liabilities are measured using level 3
inputs.



    
    

    
    at December

 2020
    
    
    


(Level 1)
    
    
    


inputs (Level 2)
    
    
    

inputs (Level 3)
    

    
    
    
922
654
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
922
654
    




    
    
Total Fair Value at December 31
 2019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
894
079
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
894
079
    





































Tabular disclosure of financial instruments measured at fair value
 including those classified in shareholders' equity measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 fair value measurements recorded and the reasons for the measurements
 level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements are categorized and transfers between levels 1 and 2. Nonrecurring fair value measurements are those that are required or permitted in the statement of financial position in particular circumstances.

























































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





Property and equipment and
estimated service lives consist of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
177
900
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
997
714
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
886
267
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
672
    
    
    
53
209
    
    
    

    
    
    
18
672
    
    
    
4
115
090
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(4
105
318
    
    
    

Property and equipment
 net
    
    
18
299
    
    
    
9
772
    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Accrued liabilities consist
of the following:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
557
894
    
    
    
806
331
    

    
    
    
796
645
    
    
    
271
668
    

    
    
    
1
354
539
    
    
    
1
077
999
    






Accrued payroll and compensation
liabilities consist of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
000
    

    
    
    
135
000
    
    
    
135
000
    

    
    
    
121
858
    
    
    
121
858
    

    
    
    
2
148
    
    
    
2
148
    

    
    
    
3
874
340
    
    
    
3
494
630
    

    
    
    
4
133
346
    
    
    
3
757
636
    












































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Notes payable consisted of
the following:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
90
000
    
    
    
90
000
    

    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
500
000
    

    
    
    
156
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
746
000
    
    
    
590
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Convertible debentures consisted
of the following:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on May 30
 2021
    
    
200
000
    
    
    
200
000
    

Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on&#160;December 8
 2021
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
25
000
    

Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on February 8
 2021
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
25
000
    

Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on&#160;December 8
 2021
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
10
000
    

Convertible debenture
 5% stated interest rate
 secured by all of our assets
 due on April 30
 2027
    
    
2
390
528
    
    
    
2
390
528
    

    
    
    
2
665
528
    
    
    
2
650
528
    

    
    
    
(613
428
    
    
    
(722
886
    

    
    
    
2
052
100
    
    
    
1
927
642
    

    
    
    
(264
284
    
    
    
(248
874
    

    
    
    
1
787
816
    
    
    
1
678
768
    
  







Tabular disclosure of borrowings which can be exchanged for a specified number of another security at the option of the issuer or the holder. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 principal amount
 amortized premium or discount
 and amount of liability and equity components.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







We have estimated the fair
value of these embedded derivatives for convertible debentures and associated warrants using a Monte Carlo simulation as of December 31
2020
 using the following assumptions:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The sources and tax effects of the differences for
the periods presented are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    










    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
3
791
763
    
    
    
4
005
545
    

    
    
    
(3
791
763
    
    
    
(4
005
545
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






A reconciliation of income taxes computed at the statutory
rate is as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2020
    
    
December 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
111
023
    
    
    
(245
508
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
75
142
    
    
    
8
794
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
23
042
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
564
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(213
782
    
    
    
236
095
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


































































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Outstanding options as of
December 31
 2020 consisted of:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
8
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
32
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
32
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
40
000
    





































Tabular disclosure of option exercise prices
 by grouped ranges
 including the upper and lower limits of the price range
 the number of shares under option
 weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual option terms.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Total assets and liabilities
included in discontinued operations were as follows:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
19
456
998
    
    
    
19
690
378
    

    
    
    
589
380
    
    
    
704
917
    

    
    
    
1
176
226
    
    
    
1
022
342
    

    
    
    
131
108
    
    
    
131
108
    

    
    
    
239
085
    
    
    
444
085
    

    
    
    
1
776
250
    
    
    
1
776
250
    

    
    
    
2
784
773
    
    
    
2
579
773
    

    
    
    
26
153
820
    
    
    
26
348
853
    



operations were comprised of the following components:



    
    
Year Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Selling
 general and administrative expenses
    
    
    
    
    
    
13
193
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
13
193
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(153
886
    
    
    
(153
465
    

    
    
    
233
382
    
    
    
18
095
    

    
    
    
79
496
    
    
    
(135
373
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
79
496
    
    
    
(148
566
    





































Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











409







409







500














000


000



Property and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation

299


772





672)









293



















900







333














731
552


029
796


























000














217
625
































































































Amount of short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.

























































Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment within one year or during the operating cycle
 if shorter.










































































































































































































Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















500





091)



Operating lease liability as of December 31
 2021

409







































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











372


814





803







923)







252


814



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




654


079








































654


079







Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








059
342


994
597





414


558)





929
672)


461
806)







































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








771)









293




































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








672


115
090







105
318)



Property and equipment
 net

299


772










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










900










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










714










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










886
267










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








672


209










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]

















Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2008
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2007

















000


000









409


785









500


987





Related party
 expenses paid



940


180)









776


655









740


740









333

































000


000









528


740































000











000











000












































772








































Debt instrument
 face amount



466


466







000











000









Borrowing fee
 percentage










Debt instrument
 maturity date

  2008

































000

































000

































000


















































000



Debt instrument
 due date description










Debt instrument
 face amount



833


833



























Borrowing fee
 percentage














Borrowing fee
 percentage.




































































































































































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Description of the maturity date of the debt instrument including whether the debt matures serially and
 if so
 a brief description of the serial maturities.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))



























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.

























































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.






















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




000


000





645







202







023
471







382







000














500














500





























































































































Amount of gain (loss) from sale and disposal of integrated set of activities and assets capable of being conducted and managed for purpose of providing return in form of dividend
 lower cost
 or other economic benefit to investor
 owner
 member and participant.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











894


331





645


668





354
539


077
999







Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019













000





000


000





858


858





148


148





874
340


494
630





133
346


757
636
























































































































































Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jun. 30
 2013
Sep. 30
 2017
Nov. 30
 2004
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019























000
















































000









Quarterly bonus as stated percentage of earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization for the applicable quarter

























Annual bonus percentage of gross sales
 net of returns and allowances
















000











































000


000





























Payment for acceptance of delinquent payroll taxes
 interest and penalties offer





000


























455
767









526
































645


048
756



Playboy Enterprises
 Inc. [Member]

































600
000













205
599


205
599







Represents amount of taxes waived under Delinquent payroll taxes
 interest and penalties offer.




























Represents the annual bonus percentage of gross sales
 net of returns and allowances of all beverage products of the entity and its affiliates.













































































































































































Represents payment made for acceptance of delinquent payroll taxes
 interest and penalties offer.

























































Represents quarterly bonus in percentage calculated on earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization for applicable quarter.

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory payroll taxes incurred through that date and withheld from employees pertaining to services received from them
 including entity's matching share of the employees FICA taxes and contributions to the state and federal unemployment insurance programs.




































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


















165


535







Amount of interest payable on debt
 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











000


000





000


000





000







000


000





























































































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }







































Debt convertible
 threshold trading days | Integer






Accrued interest on convertible debentures
 current

824
948


405
946



















528
511


399
295



Accrued interest on convertible debentures
 current

960


199



Accrued interest on convertible debentures
 noncurrent

486
551


371
098





761
552


989
796







Accrued interest on the convertible debentures
 noncurrent.



















































































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of interest payable on debt
 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











665
528


650
528





428)


886)





052
100


927
642





284)


874)





787
816


678
768



















000


000



















000


000



















000


000



















000


000



















390
528


390
528







Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying amount of debt identified as being convertible into another form of financial instrument (typically the entity's common stock) as of the balance sheet date
 which originally required full repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company.




























The portion of the carrying value of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date that is scheduled to be repaid within one year or in the normal operating cycle if longer. Convertible debt is a financial instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Carrying amount of long-term convertible debt as of the balance sheet date
 net of the amount due in the next twelve months or greater than the normal operating cycle
 if longer. The debt is convertible into another form of financial instrument
 typically the entity's common stock.




























Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Convertible debenture
 stated interest rate








  2021


  2021










Convertible debenture
 stated interest rate








  2021


  2021










Convertible debenture
 stated interest rate








  2021


  2021










Convertible debenture
 stated interest rate








  2021


  2021










Convertible debenture
 stated interest rate








  2027


  2027







Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
































665
528


650
528

















Debt convertible
 threshold trading days | Integer








822)


640)





654


079







Amount
 before unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt.

























































Description of the conversion terms of a debt instrument which may include the conversion ratio (including all potential conversion ratios if contingently adjustable)
 type of debt or equity security into which the debt is convertible
 the dollars of debt or the number of shares into which the instrument is convertible (or potentially convertible into)
 the conversion period
 any contingencies associated with the conversion terms
 and the existence and amount of a beneficial conversion feature.


















































































































Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Derivative liability
 stock price per share | $ / shares









Derivative liability
 measurement input percentage









Derivative liability
 measurement input percentage









Derivative liability
 measurement input percentage









Derivative liability
 measurement input percentage









Derivative liability
 remaining life









Derivative liability
 remaining life








Derivative liability
 remaining life.




























Derivative liability
 stock price per share.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 par value








400





Common stock
 shares issued

720
417


720
417



Common stock
 shares outstanding

720
417


720
417

















Common stock issued for conversion of accrued interest
 shares

000










































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020











100
000


000
000



Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration description

 2019
 we dissolved four subsidiaries that had total net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $8.9 million
 which were forfeited upon dissolution
 reducing our deferred tax asset by approximately $1.9 million.







900
000





















900
000






































Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration description.




























Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











791
763


005
545





791
763)


005
545)














































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











023


508)












142


794












042







564







782)


095





















































































































































































































































Amount of reported income tax expense (benefit) in excess of (less than) expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation
 attributable to nondeductible expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 expense determined to be nondeductible upon grant or after for award under share-based payment arrangement.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











000







000







000




































































Number of stock options
 granted during period

000


000

















Number of stock options
 granted during period



000
























Number of stock options
 granted during period



000




































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.

























































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.




























Weighted-average exercise price
 at which grantee can acquire shares reserved for issuance
 for fully vested and expected to vest exercisable or convertible options. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.

























































Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















000















000















000















000















000















000



























































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019

























456
998


690
378





380


917





176
226


022
342





108


108





085


085





776
250


776
250





784
773


579
773





153
820


348
853
























Selling
 general and administrative expenses



193







193





886)


465)





382


095





496


373)





496


566)






























































































Amount of interest payable attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of non-operating income expenses attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.









































































































































































































Amount of currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and  other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits
 held by a disposal group.




























Amount of costs of goods sold attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of general and administrative expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of gross profit attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of interest expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of operating income (loss) attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of revenue attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 29
 2021
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019






761
552


989
796














750









000



































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx



STA)8*O4'J@)I9GF





!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%
O6

MT=)(@(+)?90%NDGVH]

WJ=?3K.:Y1_
M::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z'&=?
_V]I&E

MH5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU+







VPLCO='U!=*Y \FIS_I
C0'



M?$R




 U[F
M$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\U*M:I60K$3]+
M!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHSU8NL.8T*;T'5



C9*;7_Y+HRVM&
R!N^



L103

YTO



9I+F5/1:)MVSD=NDW9F[/@:
M:3]XFC






4








8.2=
L=*?K&RH:FY.O#5)8BHIJ-J&E7]H3W849#J
M

M


M6%GNFWV?:BIN'UX*YDJEH*\XD
9QX?GJFQ59AA?F8X(GBM.S7^K+2WQH?J*.
58G?A
M5?C?X36,C<]*E*T



@$Y4=[OE/Q$_AP''S77-D]FGLW

BA''-)\YZWY9+J_VM+^3]T=.KSA&221O?C





:A[&7/[OU_'(OD']R%GSE%S 
OO+;')V)N@/I7YFZ%ZT&



M:&5E=#





M3
&UL

25S4:&:;VYF


M-O_1J96-Z RE!ZE$V2D#@C*OVE_VM0O$F0(.)Q1(IT#&OZ$ NT4:.-HBZQQ
MZXXIMEK6XH1J+0W6]*)3:


M)!(;]




L0R:)NYKDA-&!/1:
,URCO<77!?
M.ZH#Q2 Z3/!4!RJ5SVFS.H_-1T+@S@

)CQ#^88/# 
-A-
;U'O
Z/;8$?67%H

M?6
/A7WYF'2#/4)]


Q4C@9Y-5!DYV;/(B%Q@(2&G1GD9MC

LG ^D1


@)EH


\C;2

:SY/6VN0B6J-E&


ME):\O 

V

ME(^VVDE&TQ*49S9QG


MO?C




M.*4ZP78[S?:'@&C:
!LFIID=TLP.*7F\$9X;FM$B88AJJY0B[^@(B#HR'M
M*R:_9#+MX;#T?
).A_ X=.Q-*#;F<1)H^
M?ZUV-&$+QJY8O+ K4:*OHWXEE[/0EFF)#0=^/.Q%U@V!++;\3R7U.T\9!X
M_B5%Z_<'2G:ON$LC+P 1T[0R7W TL-0WD&
AY
/FN2#_U*T@R($+RO:L DE




MYHBY_!=02P

M971S+W-H965T-BYX;6RMFEMSXC@6Q[^*BMJ'[JJAL2ZV(96D*DW/[';5SFRJ

?2_QP=G9\D^_95UM_52@B-WM9E




X+&T
D


;!S]*NOS:\
M[AE/YI?&R4%Q;AWUK890D\8]11P[:.



T/D7H@NPWC^=DCZ&AQ1/*/6F7U3 %;XYI.,X
MTQ]VI(#**J!N]L'1_D09Y/



M (;Q7J](8@=#$H?A+O0&K4L2PL.V.\90O;N(A/-)JG.?9&P;=C=)+WY;
#




MQU[KXT_F)W/\9&?R\P='

M

'-ZML_LX&EIG+0FY7Y!


MA7 FM99K^W$E.-0Y8P_+R5,I?;=+!__7^_U!+ P04      N;+%2^8;A



OJK^\;KB0K:.U3
M+_:2G'DS[\UPJ

D=ZKHP-%]TRQOKC8!RDBL5^JYFBY/^4I%+/UZ
M$&K/*D].E1F

MK\LH&X/II%9KON/X4-]ZK 8'E%Q7;(-VECP7%]W9Z./EF=@G@]\T;\+1-PF3







:N=C@1([H0H\C)38PT )





5;;7/;.)+^
MSE^!RF6ODBI*EB6_Q)-
JAR/

M(&A+WKFYN[JJW8E

M*]V

M*G-C5=.M5MINWYFRWOS\[/9?_YN%NV].#@[9NUOC.WIOVZOK'XZR!0R8N5
MJ9JBKI0UBY^?G1_^].Z(QO. OQ5FTT2_%4DRK^OO]


'43
MILRW+


MJF)19+IJU7F6U5W5%M6=NJG+(BM








9]:0W]GW3@LN*M:NS6DQ9+IVZ;5-T]9]<+J#

@J+'Z+(O@WZQ&



'9%I@^_(_NBS79
MBI%[UA6
*D/B 0P'3(0+M77E$N6]+L'=&DJEJ)7#C1%@MI)N'0?.RR0$0'8*
2GX19[SWQ1OTH W*-5'^BT0* O+^PE?AZ\E#^P
M8TUQ3_BD\=XTV-/8-Y^RR1W\1&P



MX;F&7'^D2[)4KZ8 MJP)N\\ D6:)E8(RWOZ&:(T\M.;*SALO:XN=TB2Q:&0B
\+*(130%G@IL@+%(RI S\].Z-U85NEI+YZ<<EK!T!@(.. _BT
%]
MO#B15$Q9)BF0VZ&D'4D&]L)9M\\N7T-V(2*CR33U[SX4D/MZM71]*5_EB:$

W#PN;MQQ!-)K )5)/B$\F94+T9=TR_\^;I?.$()-6Q!








EORW!R73R
M%U&\1#4B3Q']\/1UXSI)H@_#V(DC%Y$$3-W9&B*G](TR\X
DEH06XSD*G-


*@2^DL=$7RY!:2O  PEZ.=F'[]MY*#4







MI#JE#FEA76?/X1W7?ZQ

MQY*3%F%9]DYJ1K^E.L:-OX)!J=VXK4$Q4DR\$-PH\6&GS\9Q#H81


VP&B$RI%
5S/9&$I
 C]-P6?


-/%





M2:Y*X7V@ 1@OY3JIU*!R0UTR\K^0T8(HGNO$N4H35:^AF2L ?S!/$!\* G]X
M:K^;UAO/MZ@%
GA%&O

MJ3'F^Z


M _O5NJRWA@
@GY#1KB/D9K9 PD']3+V'CHH &
NG&IM_.!
&U+6C262^P4XT

M'IH0F)8RB\F!5 :VW_98X %!&9PA*H0\9QT-EQA*?7&WTVC#2/.MY2$
G=





*EN09=F^:BS+F%=





MZ5VF&351?5LX:T/C;!?1!YK@\M3=)\G[!F?NU$^;GZSEHXX]^KN#L X58JU1
MD-\!:L[5;IJ[9Q+





MJ6:\Z_N_@^A3RY6Q=_Q!*36UL./RU65X&KY9/9=/-?OA\L'K1VWOZ.BU- M


MJB1EU_OK]PTE.]ELDO:PEUC\FGGSYLV0.5Y9]]571$%\K[7Q)X








3Y\QO#

4T\ET

*6B??*2)

M#%[\



M'0I9!/AQE)%:


M?.

M


\U(87!4(V-8D7D



M]%ZAA=6XHJ.@I9.EDPV:-Y/)=1I:5G4B0T#E0?&V@-:X.N]S_431/5E?N17&



M

M*=K0(GU-FVJ5\0+:YC)VNZ(@;@6QG&.+#S;[RCLZ]+&[;#8KLR3F 3ZD#A5;
M9BXR:5A32 3[B!+;,PF([)1MPV9;0):J3:2-.47?T54NEXU+(^/8NKU7G'
ML00-N%]8QCV3Y
 ( 7?65V';
+J3
MXPU8+ZP-FP$[V/XS</H/4$L#!!0    ( YLL5)T7OS;H 
  + '   9


G_
6L9EO\BN:Q


ML0B



M'N3N#]S7
[9XJ13:?6'7^HXH8]IH(\M]




M4P1!IU]#*ND^:0
R!U

A%-XU)@W C[S'.'L
M!9G2Y[V/C:JX:10Z%C+/;;)7
@.B/X P2;QI$

M@BG$%TEO+0T3A_F1%X9C+YC:[%I?43=(F[(13J$


M&JULP(2P/]DH:G:VG5H4IC62-$Q#S90YK+-


CI-%R
MDLJB_9)#OY?$@=JCZUGB-;HW0+P
?W?)_:



Y39S]&)P<U7RK7@2[K?R
MP6 U:+6D





M9;'MW6\V

M'CS@+(?L@:!






)Q12Z?

MT$Y&$R&06T@V1?29X%LHH%W


MF8(



!-E$!BD[7(N-IT:.!LM)A'\WF3I/$B
MFDVGY*[-M''GA/$VBAYAY96H_[XBW:13J=O

M0NI8Y2N[!?&#O\K _'A15B C3ELY@^L)Y+6J7:]PSA850?(TZ4+4PBK0#E

WY:

M7VF5WE3G5:UTQSTCURH/(87N8VL'O+QM.K/GK]XQ2Y'L$4
%@D^E33# RZ+R



MK5=+;^

M

MX$ZI=

&U=
[TY



Z]U#)*U!Q



AW!]_^'J
M%LXN+FX_7UT&'^=GY_./\_OYU5VOQ[(GD


ME91TFIL01&.YYL:&SAU8Y4PZ8;5&Q

S46C3+=P&&GM<+
M!
'P!Q1^S(%X%MR_
/0 1J-).)UEN)I&XS!-X\'8#(;A^-L!,DD#L?C:7O
M+!IP '&8CK)PE

PMEL!EZ&?4LQ8.B0$G;IN&QT9A(E\F
NVX(#@T8U



M%2ZY#O$OHV %E\XFI:'DN!.G/H3=

MPCB;^O_!68$=75#SH:NI-S0-IY
L3+

M7C%C.*4L9B
&U.!-&
*:XS)7RT;\@V(
EH2(N@ZPVA(T:!('I5:UH[+6PO)#

@0\XI23-' ;G/5OY3UW#1I.N

H^I&H5



M+Z2@_Y%S^B]02P
$%     @ +FRQ4E!!;;.7@  &1@  !D   !X;]W;W)K

3



MO9









M0*DL5._H$=(7O.;CQXM4X2ML](V![PMT&1^2'PI

M]POC



3..6_-0 M0C2-

MDRM&./D0Z?N.*EV(M*LJN4&XRHC5X7$

9N
MHUDM$NY4[69V4/9RB [Q$WRT$(.F=[!'J9@5F?KHDHNKB;PV((HS4UD7U1K

$

=X
X_52#K:(!-+1=\ME,=HP,+5F'%Y/I43HY
M'LMRI'UX?)).QQ

MQ[R[3!


N[BN'L




V%B3?Q2NTA)
DT$
MFWU1


ML0 5D:J

+V"WBZV-IV&+N):JBJV)07F)AB2'J3Y:^T^MY4 M')]0
M49*Q (2$G,V;+!(

B



IS(R



ICVA4Z&N\ -_GUH;N!ROH_S?@[-]02P
$%     @ +FRQ4B7I



UWQ;6

MP]M\&D1.$ K
K&-@M-SA.0KAB$C&]Y8SZ$(ZX/[^D?VUSYUR63.#YTI\YKDM


0;F





;WETH# #4&CP3'-$-U


MXS@
O?M7$$$7Z #:QE;\6:0!FC:#':#M%&UGYK#8@VPKL5';RDIR
_WW2\F.

MD#73N)2KL5I+SG)K5%=CZKKAN&9E





MKP.YN/=






M0$MBR

M='



M]+J4-O!\_8S^MZN=:MDSC==2_

MZSLFYZ311I:G8&)0\JI]LQ^G/IP%3


M^
?]?AOGR]?[#40A?'@WB:/H+UAO=MN'Y?WV8=.[V2Y7VYOM_79S!TL-*572




M3

2QRRNLA9N8!C7?*8VM!;%KM[%K+(HB%-4J
MSI+D=5P+J:/%+
3N[&)F6E)2XYT%U]:UL/LK5&8WC]+H$+B7VXI\(%[
&K'%
M-=(?S9UE+QY0EFC=M)HL%C.H\OTXFKJ\T/GQ)W[L@&/\G&F$?OW!3S*/&$




M= Q9DB4OX)T
?X36+96









FB61NS)



GT5;VPNQAZ



MAAW&FH]RY6#:LT5?AQ!! [+Q)DW(P%(#L6RPLE7'!(9JENE$2QEXLZ8M!/ :

AWUJ6W(*#0DS9SD9Z^UJ+46BCK]



;[S#1RO
Z=3K5.[JV108;SPH_FE(?\4=


M5)KJUI90T%9OZ

IKK0E6



MH^E1]

MAM$H
(HFV
W)_\+!S=KBGO):?S


1W^I


M?1^?PYUO^9+M(MQ8)
#DZ




F




A8!$9_6[Q&(2P0T7BI
;WV2.NX/V[0O[C8
M*98UTW@MQ1./33KQSCV(
6&E



[] PYA[1 ZWM5!CN4-



EHZ)444J-
M 3IE1!ID I'


VJ++NWLY6F:XL+4AD\Y%\+GK
M0F6@N'X^210B*#*TH06]4?Y]V/*?B/HJ-4P=,G3ZN0LO!8DH'6VE/WS\#
M;$



M.6_'-'P:^23G?Y!0XQ;S#S7LO-
03D=G1T0



GDLG/;T%@X




M%$4?:&EL$RN)*DG%\=]W2
FR-UU[M^A#8EYFSIP9'E)SO1'RJUHC:G@K\E+=







+R'T70B\P#N!


/%@Z$7NR!]V-KS4


MO&)O/W+F:R%U@\2R5U:FN]+X Z3BQ#&L7#D1FUY_+3U^8
@H'KQZ&;D!#L

3
ME1Y7W





06(I.NV_TNX3
M#GI. UY!VL4O[/JUV=D4BLYY:H9@9M HT_^*[X
/+P(^I*\$9$- %GGWB2++


(1;!XN-^N_
M'M9?[B?K1_YNX-; 9V&+&K*SZ C[LD
NYP);CQ($GPU.[CR4EAKN%F2V:+W*


]_
EP

\D=42/J'0OH9;6PFC?HAX%@L&



=D6;63N

UWNF(G30S^H2]$ANX@




+GC2JGH\FTS.'J]T61^]?
Z_?7(OG]M-

K?U&7]X7+XXFQ)&I3-X2


MSM0OMFZ7C7I;%Z;H$W@
GB/CL\#XZ]E!BF]
?JQ.IB

+V3



MUCAUMRSSI;HSRGPW+B\;)MHZ*&B[='9SLXS4U*UEL3DR@&:D=%VHCEA9=Z26

MROH6L^$C6EX'BZZP?]A
_HVW#%HN8:5=ZI:6*:RJ;1OV
U+S3;NS9]A 1OMN
M59
J*O\ P0\-NFA<VVIAGR97^- K8&#V#6. -O
M8X-65-9\PJZ@#2-JMLMPXC1MW3G(&W@1I^F(\=RL2=<PE^A^K4OZ=MWRLN#A
MU<HXV/H(OJW&T=%JFR /O[8E XC6XLGWTQF(J\D9]T TZQ%S.QC]&(!T
%+


MJ0HPCXT[M7!VA6D6YQH%=4C5SJ*JG1U4E

/TV:-L</R5+3AXB(/P



MVSEB

&&*FUSK_I&QP!  

MQ];NZ#^U98S0T&)VSKL1W! $4Q:0']2$=EP7(XIYS29?CF@F6SU\=R.NFX3C


W.WH;00?)X)


MGDPNU9XC.U8?P_Q

MN-9;46).GS'

\)*3N$;&3DES.P;Z@0=@+^/F%!2NDKS#U6]@-V0&B$I5?

K

=6:UT83S2]H-D .80$+CU




)G\3+1 72^0IO$S/GS6^^BF'8QCDLALEDL@G


R'RU;327?Q
?F3$CHYE5:R1H)QG-D.7FW\#$2!7OKZ%+%
M@\/L;4X.I,@8^0GHI7/Q$NF2;)S@CA.PD%!RAH*WP& CP&Q-PM\$&DUYH8F
M=KDW+PBQ+@W!0;@3L[9(%)L0Z7VY
)


1:;@#2$C

&RMUD+@_$
M7SRX')V?SR@;;M:&KSJKK93I]RPD6:GF0FHHYQS.N;/^PE3\L!SL%NE$!BB@


'U@X&^6ND6Z 2E]0;-TR\EY




M7-1#6(H






M%UV
#DF5DZI





J:$?OLHX_SS!'GAR

?Y-+M?8[M'

%4X02&YO;^E/DNJ*[IN6;\&XYD2#


0YXE*2P9QQ1PA+3
!#([S&'%E

MJ2Q-%;^D=84 )4*'8^9C*)D'7ZPP&OC3/F7NQT)3TU;I#-KO25D[#4M-+[

M[37G#'

QZ_
Y)X-D#B3P3#I20O1T:H4*G-@M[#X+8(6T&[
MN*)1+P@7,\9-.\T?<C;09^/1,YJQLLJ8TY7P9$4XGA*?$FD?S_)
MV1&AM:

M)V5KP5 21N5J.&I%NNV0TG6V%5MP=NL(^Q3[U3V'PQ60!):')[[*F185A*G$

MN;\XGF\!&&]+3J*HGL93NI8UKBW)^VQ$@LK(5(Z8;UE'[_AM4^A^J
S5&SY0

%/\YUQ4:V
Z&)*NU=^F9Z=C\ZQ

V^2-4VI1*+%XD






%\8#)[\X^1O.JR
N^&_7$%%;NBC_'F'



RYX;6R-5EMOZC@0?L^O&$5]*%).




MN&:EL$NU_QV;?/K.7ZJ$J?YAW]A&/J2EL2IO-E


U3
M)BW

K1P.57MA)H.I/0$K#;'J8-R*(&24Z Q D\*FFW!GZ3








)D!@]-Y=V9

)9


M.:B= ;U?*R*UF3B ]K-I]@-02P
$%     @ +FRQ4IY#WL/Q @  
08  !D




MX.26;03JTT5@B




\NN]9QV1M[5G7 5*I!*FG/FN$Z2

ML@;TOI32' 1+
'PE5G\!4$L#!!0    ( YLL5*Z9:9W0
   ('   9


M0-)NV( 5YIN.PP[*#:3)4M3U*:]-^/DA
W'9H
.]BB)/(C^5&B1CLA']0&


N=F
W=(\+=VR]T6;!GXQ:NH8%Z&_M7.+

? 9O3I]L<H0V59<\Y8K\GZ5EGA.?EUPD?0N





H] KTN(X.DA4



MP56.U91=Q^TF6K2VRRV%QIYIQ0T^4B- NZOA-#'B7'0/WN3/U!+ P04
M  N;+%2S-@^




M%
0M@YIR+L)%+*\%21F$VMV8+TUT_PDE!J\.3FI_:6LR/*I9#^:

2769
MI:^9+=*CQ%O
SF'0/X
T29
CO$%7Z2#P!@=Y:X);Z3)E7&T1?LW7CBS_%;^/


PS_G/E_ZV@I*5$1KZHXO@\K'W8$@H


M79/SRU$$MGD%F@69*BAO;8AU'*8%/YQHO0&?;PSWJ5WX -U3//L+4$L#!!0
M   ( YLL5+9X4H=@
  


M26[6?S]*3MQN:/K6O5@D17Z\R07.Z5_FVBA5^MD&89;*WMYE%DJBVVW)RI


@.P*8
M
+A1TFX-_=KK/\$BBZ

MN&Y

M?X!I['TF\(:..(SC^)%Z':]C





7WMZ-BA\0&/F4%
CJEY:FCE9
M


:VJ#=^D[A^




$%     @ +FRQ4@'*K#7@ @  X@4  !D


M;U I!\0T?N\Q@Z-+9_CZ?$#_ZF/G6%:\$:K)YG98A(, \@P%XVR[V[Q7T\

_!-BI54TDHD^/A=K!32





8IL#S7VAXNSL%QK4__ %!+
V

7D1<8'0+W: #H1_Z%_Z=:!=B]?]WT!AP564

M

MR*FX&KR\#H)IB[BNPE=U0J2)/@S@VOELG0

 SWQNCZH
:E4&
M'U;E2E#$4]X29963LZE!Y'FA2T\W6@LTT7G=+OH]KQN,[I?WC/@=5&C$?-
M@=&OKF;'5C-7)_WP$4GKF(X-\N8/5ICAFFMHX2M=O@K;QNV[!B*&87!M^]C\

!$9G(EE=GO5H_/&;E??MF7KY:OC.YX9F



M970S




M[53+EFN\E



Z


MF.R









^.#(AW WSDAK5GGM8U

WQ$6L:C'H?F+A]-I
FYE<#G-&M ;&,Q('[/_
MCO.$XEE#\2Q(T:_Z$[4\J0P0;@S8/I(UQLACN+*RF271680AWNQ3%IZ/86D

?1HT/HZ /OWG+A5L-^2
I
M^6-Q+%]JG&3//$NBJ-_ZN+$^?E4$


M6U3O_.X!]PR=T
MHS7?L7-O3Z)4WW1(T&

C:-C\29M3ZRE_M8@%VKK-?%

JG-1!C

V\\RGY2\4-J*;W6#




94_#[W[N(6@I@UU_U[EQWH


M8V$A:GFZFHYUX9



S+GAM;'U4
M76_:
!3]*U:TATY:20BD6ZL0B195J[1JJ*S;P[0'$V[@JO[([)M2_OUL)T2H

M6QO@JQ D19PFR54L.:JHR


56^!:
:4U[P]^G_C4L_@%0
M2P

M965T

M
:LKDW-DJU=RXKLRW4&-Y
8E;8\*<++5K*Y&E?*<H8; 22.[J&HO7




=

M=8^XU9=


U+GAM;*U676_:
!3]*U?1'EII
M:T+XKB!2ZI6:5594;N':0\FN1KCIW9#G3_?M=)FH$*B*E](;9SS_$]Y^;:


MH.=GC$LO&I5K




M#6B70JO




M[TJ@,3'NO6A&RKJ^C#MP3@7L.K8S#;0[M?/=D)&*:])/ZXY]QSC^.;8BOD

MP.:U@1$P9HF

#]\8[]SM5N:IEA!2/!GFFIESVOZZ$2YGC-]*/8

M)NVP3AN=2!M&Z$%PO53H

8R V*PRL4!5%P1-#H


M185
ZY+.
'5

P.9#[






M\4:;S+RM*;

S!9P/7C








;9I6FH=?0Q)


((5(E1)

M3



M=/(3,CVAX5=98J4%M&ALN8'LI_]MS;?T-J[!_!?\-:;(=M7__M*MCK+H#A





M;6RUF6UOVS80QU]WGX(P-J %DEH/U(.+Q$ 39VB!I0V2='M1[ 4CT9%02=1(

M)(F7Y83H5
M44)S(MZSDA;PRY+QG$BXY
]347)*XLHHSZ:.9?G3G*3%9'Y1?7?'YQ=L);.T
L7]^ES(M47T_E%29[I Y7?RCL.5].=ESC-:2%2

8WH\VM8-]\A'?A=W9A=VI_+GFL*-6V-'W/V H^BQI+OXV3.3N)G*K


]L1=H-6B(=&[6F<
M[33.C!H7M&0BA7T&M$F+%]ARB@[[L=UT:9ZU-KYKSUS7/1!MG%TU/A]$22)Z



-H^CEF^H&(B-)8;(\T

M$I?N(JT;*NKV

MH


M6Z$D+(5




EIG\CQO2!L=?P7

!7C)F.968)8ZLV^


M$$+O&X:@NC
-_@)02P

M-536[6':@TDNQ*H3


$4HD 8$^H:6Z
M



$%     @ +FRQ4JGMB[G) @
0Z7_K+@HB=)3L79E+8 45E0R
M-_\VT)K9QL9+_-13;B6\5H!7.!Y+8LB7BY!\;W8\=W7C\\T/5&F0]N-JK)



*4L]^T4)NQDSJH
M@!79







MM[J/

M+[G2/=T.-_K6!6$
]/\5Y^IU8AI[=X]G_P%02P
$%     @ +FRQ4OAZ-84W
M!0  '1
XX3]A/*TM[DI!B;R<F)R#5G*<PD47F24+DY!R[6ISVW]S+P


M4P47@O_!8KTZ[8UZ)(8%S;G^*M:?H4HH
/8BP57Q2];57*='HEQID51@C!A
M:?E/GZMM NOP/@50#O4,@ @P.!?@5P#\4$%2 X%! 6 &*9O;+8A65GE)-

:EHA6A:4PN1*I9NH0T

M!LX1\1QWT &_L

?O@%_:X5.($.X:N.=TP*\.AKOC




M$?R:4ZE!\@V9BS3'E!51FFJ(208RPBJ@ A*Q($!EBF509 ZHN$!8BBA0^HAH






ME




MERN@

MI_23J0&0/$O1F%E0([:7E)JR!LG

MWP[F((0#V3+^#


@\4;[
MRKRM!4.69UIU1+ML2W

&3)7E@A@)PL !D7
MAMPQK9E;X%-R1AY6W+RZ32C:=T




43 V@K#R84EZ/[&] &JUA^Z




5

T6[8*?)A7?

^MDI=23G7S+IUY@

R5_BQRW4^^SQW)8

MX:6 40L8.:.-




*E-K8'_N5@8U
ME=;?
^2CCGSDR



5G/?U4
MR&6?[/BD F[&/;)/PZ*^2O$/NHWM]-^YWHC2
 EK @;7-\2@F^[93%!5K@&M


M  !

MPI^




M!/_L8-#U'*(CG)PNK)=/9TA79CHA2ASI7-&5^BG#XKPZU9LRYB=8QXCQCI
U:10G:9(.T\,M[N_=RQ7(I6M7E*&U
MYKJ^]-K9MB6Z=(W P?R5;97<?;^#J?NL6RJ7CM4PL) !N=#DV=9MR[U0(N5


MG


-

A3444)O#($$_CV&?_;B&BNY&&M8\'3^$Z
M$.J!/AYN_#7
0+QL'IGLZ66591A#PD.:( :KD?8-WTP(480
\2N$':^UD9K*
MG-(WU;E?CC1#*8((%D*5\.7/%B801:J2U/&W**J58RIBO?U1_2Z;O)S

$O
MLRFZ^'(YU(44I4KKBT+ ;2Z M B8PN(:F?@K(@8Q&NB3WG0\V*?KTHK2#U+Z

MC*EVWW9
'

8;L\*4@49Z0ZR%H_ER;N/

F *(-^O*!4?'77L+Z]YX_]02P
$%

4O
M4PC8=JR9VF[BWE][4DWHD]&&KN$!Y(_-DN-(SUE</X1(^PB'%9C[=:\F9D#
M!4A6_/1A*_;NB9)B

XV]&JN4Q%7#_
M?L=^EXA'
385

M) LS

H 5E- -P-T$Z%I9HFL.95T
N)L2[A:C6SJ


M6I&+1

YF_!=G;+/Y%L$Y/<

M+]?6J^7!39


S7/?&.G'&\ _N(55Y!4!9I
M%2*M%FZY8S%O9):BL)G-*UL;L]2S5YOE9%Q97U%3S?HUL(LQPB/G2NO(B+

M=\;@H+A7
*0R];W^(02^3MHJ01P61S+]XLYG\];M-FE8_IN?JI8NZ4L*FK0?




MVNV[

M1$








=SV


M_P%02P
$%     @ +FRQ4N\FD7

=FU


MSQ6M(5

4.Q0/73

-4G1JH






4QL.XG*;;#K2RG-SG  =8
Z_@-02P
$%     @ +FRQ4KJRHK/Z


MYW]^YS@Y=KSFXDEF  H]YY3)@9
I5=RZKDPRR+'L\ *8GEEPD6.ENV+IRD(




MUPY*88%+JA[X^C/4 ?6-7L*IM/]H7:T-NPY*2JEX7AMK@IRPZHF?ZT2T#/SP





%
LEH1)1&&A);U.I(E$

(#RQYJ446M16@G9H2+ A.K8/:!_<Y-I8.'%F.[3]]SL[;2C0


I
J8
($5A )C8Q$8/9YQA$)8()+Q<XWIU936<7N\0;]RL5
L4Z9Q
M)

MULN/U]B7%7:T!SN
X%;F)M7P

M
&P)3&N2


^EM=($
U=\V1





E-3FXAG(ZW8H
KI._;



MDQX
^N\ACN+HB*#YF^']SQUR!FT1!IYO\

2V+9(@H!PA:\IKVX(;KNZQ.G7'B/N]*'IW+)W_CWMA\J(U



A\;<.SPQJ=7(F
M)I.-$_&N$]GCF<$ 8=$&P:*CSTL@'-#A#+^M)Q.%]( 3\]']J\V=\QE0Q4L

&)2*2WR%HQVSHKF20]M



W;^$N5J K
M@]^5P;=\P;ME($NF$BY4)8'\FF^4EMAIOR^$+H0@0TQ.A/E!.'3U+-BBW!


ML5)BH6M;@@









B94)0']=;-66IKJ_GO 1=RZB)V+^ T7;8XVD(
D#-':



I/?X*5''SR.1N/3NTY&$9I



$



S#W^X5S%

M


 -K]TJ*1B#H$E:8:Y5SP5FX<&=YXCS7LFX(
MV $:V+4D#:/L&*$<+% 8ES82[A8


8IJ\A2[+DA83F_PQ//YQ)9]@7
M8!CXAG\M RXS86VC4'X?K.Q9-P;_W$FQ*@/,0HA1B=W&*!A@G@;2ARH3:H

M4=16O+?V(^4F=-(S^\R-FG8R_*%IY]0]


M$HL4Y\U[G.&


MY@OK)H+Q

ME*E2CVYP$X]:H6


MO_QILQ$[!NS\B ';&+ # WK
H+



M]ROF



M-!9'LM5/

M^#:.*]VIQ=2K^C





.OF0_W=

K.Y9+/S-BG+(L?$SN 3M[I
YPJ5N5LS?$UY.&8
IHQ*T
MF^-FGI SK.XAC+V-G&%UL6?^JOKZG-DXV
T9]CQG@IV[G@0]+Z[ !K_K\]26

M5K2'3=I('BD%25MM

MX_O\W9V_XQAN&;\3






C9%G&]6Z'I@7'56MR=59F4NNWB;*3H[G



AF)-K\+]#Z!DU+9#/N




MN[^G%9?3%Y7'Z5]!#_;&''MU4?/^ASY*U

B@ALE%O^C1)X J+7A][4X;'4

MF7J=@;HTO&A*BXED:]
(+IA4;:49QJJ1!ZXWJ/=+QN1NH@^H_AJ
?P-02P
$
M%     @ +FRQ4H=G6(*Z!   '!

M)
?)OU\)
[RDL^LK1#5C6WS9$L*
MS*]I14KYRYJR @MYRS8VKQC!:9U4Y#9RG, N<%9:\VG][('-IW0G\JPD#PSP
M75%@]G)'<KJ?6= Z/'C,-ENA'MCS:84W9$G$]^J!R3N[0TFS@I0\HR5@9#VS
M;N'- B&54$?\G9$]/[H&2LJ*TA_JYFLZLQS%B.0D$0HRW]/9$'R7%)'O^W
MH%8WIDH\OCZ@_U:+EV)6F),%S?_)4K&=69$%4K+&NUP\TOWOI!7D*[R$YKS^
M_9MK&.!9


M;Q)\R\&O94K2(8 M]72BT$'4'3(BWI/D&KCP

MW MKC







M(R\
W5/&FD _C(\#AXQ[(X3N&SKW45NXN'VW PRX!=!W(W16=UVDZT61/R:C



W
MP:JQF7U)NG\_VU4MFG4E[V KWW/X=QC7Y/NI7K0-02QX8+O?1JQ/;2]W59
M0T/U1+8@S

TXWLG]5QCJ<0)+R;5[DOV0&WBD[#3*
M9@ ;!0T3_9L^#CX< ,+9&X!H $3O!4P'P/2]@-D F#EG^E*<#SE%FJ5*[HFR
MV8;-#IR9#FW*9\)N^QJ5664&A]FZ*S3\Z4 @^;PS3TW.<D#*N;?J5+4[LHY
M^4164NQ (2LXD!P*D]DIT.37#30%J-\FXWZ=D[
/YZF/1I8E]\M!PG4O(7I#
MP@U5$Q(M/I(HB
Y.O

MN%C
%\F8^4S]=%0_/:G^Y7$8-_B$


6L[S<--\ 44^?;#JK(.9YJNNKTKLB$T-YMDHG3.=)NF2]:A
MT4P NQH/IO#W:@J!M 85=I&SNE
2=IX6#-\P\I.F1#W\
)]+W:TE\76FG5@

NFORQ: YAZ


MLRZG98%[[OV#GO_L/
^89)J*;=.V]D]YEE_MV.]0?\-S\V]EWW'09')]^A[]






ML7E+4_B&U3!OP


M)





6:


XP7M1.FD5K#2K_@B





?=DQ.X9P'S#5G#PJHTQ

M
0MEQ!9JC;?[_%0-V:AG-APYBAWV-

M9J'\-8?(_L]#;.'+)*@]8TQT'H;80EW
8QZJP_P!M






M7!(DS; FT%J0:R'P6A!L(1!;D&PA
%L0;2%06Y!M(7!;$&XAD%N0;B&P6Q!O







M !


M(?*Q.OV)[XFI]-G?1]UIEU3^
#MM[ZOUJ_X\ NMOY^_QQS-^K__+/@1('Q*D

%'*(V@B





&UL4$L!
M A0#%     @ +FRQ4N:JOR4U!P  =1\  !@              (!<@P  'AL


4      N;+%2)3]3VY$%  F%P  &               @(%W



&UL4$L! A0#%     @ +FRQ4CT2-8S]%0  U3L  !@
M         (!22T  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='


4      N;+%2=%[\VZ #  P!P




M

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ +FRQ4LAE_@3!   9PH  !D

4

  *8&








WT@


C

M



M965T


4




YX;6Q02P$% 

Q
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( YLL5) 4 DQ# 4  /(1   9              

O



T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0








&UL4$L! A0#




4      N;+%2W^/1ED\#  !,@  &0



M% 









M 0(4 Q0    ( YLL5('' 6*6P(  (P%   9               @;X/ 0!X





YX;6Q02P$% 
4



4



(+\P/;


MF3X*VOG $
[.2@S[)W
MS__C_B8==AR&TX\?/KR^OIZ[WHOQZOG?@G/3FY0;

3[P&)6?1<_+<*&









M;4JR

M/_OJA2RX





?)2CHR:AD9M8C%= 'N!P]P/TZFTA'.P0GG0#9M5]O\
MT$48#A[FWN7OQTGYM)U=E?$]\[?HC2S5T1WZ
JXGL(QI#W^0+DD7_LU%#1


EE(2F'P/G/NMTN5J7'3\\B#\
]FNQHIU
Z=[Z:3%ZXGDP=;\9.)?^TWAO+
MLG;2HQTZ['9TXUKVBVU%AI.9?@'!'057E)S=Y7HG
\M96#=L;#S]9KP:X82-
M.X%7MI=85G^L(9Z/,2ZY/ANV_Z?A1(PN H(O[(4Y\G%32\)LTJ5]FJ5_





MW(2



P__1YQNY%&
M'2I6$;H[HEQ#E*??1*Q51'FP%F9'193!6V@QU2JZ#%K1#KA9TBP5)1^$MZ
'
MPSF5:[P;UP2E/HTK^N*9!L8A+@8]+ZRZ4_ZK$LXMC R8=9^OOT]A#TZ$=Y6B
MGN*E=R14'+





MSGS3#ACU:J3V-2=S%T(^M$^@K%N8K05/27NG7X.+*!Q[OOUO9OWA6LPG:78[

#WT4C)@\BP_#8ZX8HX_'JY63F '7D^1
M]8_PSB[C_Q.6SN]_EV8BL[S@<.+G7\&P\8W0*S0*HX&;1J)E)KYCK36QW
MT[2;4;\X;]' R?

YGZ#390!A3^'/K;4/?\W
!+TH&XEG9_*7RDV!-



M;#O
OX1'SYY??GE?/??


M^ZS_!+
M4&DI^44LC)1
EDC=+Y[[_




@]*;/\XN&W!J(D8??T
M@2Y5!2*#JVV7WY.U?J\WT LWH-I\I5;:@W

M\:I-\]0 UW;\K2I@*\KH98IV;HTR75&4OJQE2'3C7+5 5XZ- '3]09:JJD.7




M(
VOJQ3QHZ:D#I1B3:Z.=96DM


@HOT+T#;M6!CT)-[!6#

M2B\G
5Y:X)U[_E^COUS9B

M%$=QG[%&6(4+_']@4LRFT99G)7@
]&&S*R
TBJ32^F2&[*3%@Q4H&F/F.#N+

MN]7
)4V6P:#7JS+W%3#?%[KC^]6P752[;MWY;]L'OBP(V6@9Z%-TY:!Y35


9^1$ Y



I]_





M%=ON:JY83%


MWF%60
50S[*Z=3/L$TYLV2@9(/AJX3N)6VO83?9(Z5'7\;R[1P[)SM7\5I



MEDIQE
VW+=O?
RF&N&RSK;!4!CE]JH$5M@^)-VQL//UFO!J@.(Z+T;?0^W8S


MLN_(3?KZ0.\/5L(QGV$74$J6)!GH [F_!2C+X?Z[




FF*-JD$F-:%H#%;WPM-G

.$V
.SGL[^/;99RRI

M6+@ECBY:V/=;N

M




6R
L
-R
M+5@#



M%66-ZZYG]FW77F'6A5N[K3WEP_Y04O6






1




.I5Y&.;;@I(Y7B\I*S? !U H\MY!O #
^
[W+)I

GE4RA[7:O?$ U08G'EP#G$VK:LF*XL%4P_RD5O



TG8-

M




&ON




M
AW M#][])(9RMR0R K6/M-J6Z@1C/&4OA@.GN2+D 0G\&0*&:S1*5AYHFV5
M.9X/_CL+QY[%HZ:(N%]=P._8GMXQ'R66\;QN3FJL^+L!ZD8TJ5 N/!O86AJ
M)::ZBH=F?3-\W/))SX]CS*3W#0R?/W-LEPD3&@'U-RO;

:![G&:%2815+ZOAD:M@^9TG O\(


]]69O%4X
DTF/-;3'OO2ZK13+5?DZ?5U7


M\^+GFV#8:



MA9:4]VKSBUSYXA\!&T7.%WM4M?WG1I[%G=-@[

MJ37K*


MT+/QO6PG7PQF9];:NT9)7X#W#CZVK2)M:?6-8[9P;GEH:EW'(K%?SDO+X+B8



M!?.RALTY5@$ZG[
.V*K1?4$&I-+K]QL%-66B+41C@9=YKVC
SK*MZU4;YL]Y


HG8



0*6

MB9-R+S#S_98

M8;#/B@R0O&W2P!IS.L[6XR=-9N)YXG+:)92WYG#6Q(+VC*S%TUV K
W84*53

M2N2I

MP8'45]5

MI!L#OE*W)O

^8^QN77BY?!6O7U8#:(VG:
)-
5@JB
MNI91UZ;LN RBS]@)P;NKL6F(96&Q))UCN_^*&#5;0U(E'2D)\ ([XXZYAH.*

P*S88$
_DX;)Q2/]
M/2=3?EE#:D7^NF9#F&0)&JU[90M1/0MC?F5AXOF\\VV41U2V-Z VYJ@_8RYT
M(=?=




C94W7U%QKB(U U /W^F 

ML];U6GV:DAU\L\$=Z^=8'\*4(1SB$B0J'WW[^;G00-[

MWE(Y

MP[UZ@[ZFR7F77VG ZEY5?1Q-EZ7A8

MY
%PD*^)7 W8VI=:/MRQXE*QZ'4_7_3ZT$N5*5U@0$OE?P_3&VUL8\W(%+Y^


M

8P0FC'VD
[Y5A
 VL<)L7<;:5SA4
MSP<'7V&I/;RW@V^?001GQB57J9T+O4/OLQ2&[GC
C5YJV7RT/+E]^?.R:23
M5&DNO



M;ED47F4X=X9MW;AQPZSB!/-


M@
78P


MRSR;

LV#0?8#8W))WMB +7QS()S@@96

 U9#0[/GH<P7(-4GXQF:(


A9P&F@.0!RP








P*1\60H;OT&@F^@.A_
91)HJB4@)F 5!)6L9676W)*6K=L;Y=
MB4).Q'DTC:8FR*A 3*532-U=;
 $$$1S0(0'/EQQ7S+L%P6-9N81S44)[F
MAQF



M89^:V'!#4PN G?M?T* ) :TSX%AP(G%!AC\3[!$2/%X1R[.&RO+[:[@]H]







Y5H[&\';=H
M 69+GSZI1H8U)\XP/!(4$D _F


#!)RSQ87&;.JZW@&H7^XXNNF=&



\SQ3^=@V*


15%

M^D\)(\;XA4UR0 ).^7A$+H!

M$Q]TUGY$8\+@.M&DUBWM7!2(3U=H8=%##EN

NR6Z'E^
MRX$W$DCYO;XN]J1A7D^GS E9U.!$$&&F=$^Z\

L

N K#F+= !A.3.BXT-9Y23)#\H UW4]82&U('8US0$F2RY
M
V0)Z4KX=6[$BE9?S047^PX2#!F+QS6V/ 52[&// ?=B\K!
;A+-RT]W=+[&


T+@DE




M#A9!H$KK0 #N\)78P8&_--L@4JWN $XAZ/%\F?5)JL5%=R^P)\,%%G^6:P




6-A+&1)AH

M
INR MTXV7&7 *PEG/(1 N7R
M^A;L#\=!NIN[&#DW0[8)AC(J8M%4 ,;&?08YV%()I_^,BA?8V62JH-8UAQHC
M/?U)]M4SA[G/X3@W:VS\TUF9?YNH#&KI<6R6V:?@].EJZ45FN*G/H57//Y
MZJZ9[*=C=MX/A#,!_W@0[B[^<?'IRW7GJR\/$!%!RDLQ9,<.R(8I2ZD] K^
M8TM@WHQ$'@%@


OK.2++'*PCC/SBU 06@5#E'T/X08TN7]_IZ0XB=?&X0
X'=@.




8+P'


8D
CI5 8.JC1]P9W;2;(V\2EB[
M[#U=%Z-3JNR!KYVKK^?DNR! DZKL_L'$6OL1L ^)N/-BJ?Z^D':FSE?@)S=G
MS8105BVMS(ZKZ;DUT8JL]0]X6$X+EV?M.7'-B1=RM^WS2GGFX;)IHX;/^:

71)TEP3=)4']
M+I$F+@D*)8:( 664A9W1GWP*BDTVYYFR_)'3'0L3#OB&1:*7%&)[YS6R^ H

TY=IH@GBTMWWO4-/Z]R%C6WE6A
_L




M(*+B@HNQQ7'#^?0;NC,E[#+%R\+*0S3\5YYP=\?0.$4XC94^



M







MB+USX1H8F651_ZKDU/






.R)DKZN)$
=OJ!%O](-=7A^-+Z?B-]( 37A

C#*L% )E\)MEI'O[_PUYBY@LV[O=B!


X_DP657^

MP&?

M

M

M3(UQ:1#O\C)+XNZ%@)3JI-9#*^%S40=ZE5(/=RBI\V;

UV1%)DF1R_@TY0ZM8E^2SG


N_%Z5+KU=TW9LKE]XH_S=
M37H_$_O(4]\X 4;W,';0789T_HW.O]'Y-^KW;UPF[*?@$C@)&'R/ 8!NP'Y

-?MJ&LF
M7;$I*#VQOD-9N1.
 HO#DPZK];?R;N]HE][3CD-R[BXF*8


M40)MD_SY(J-A\*S#IS MU'UZ-*VHHO26671#X53M8L]SG:

N

;?;=SI8&?6(@ XUG-'U
D#U4@=.UT+@/??N)






:VH3^4


MI*='Z+(HZWU14?IOE]0Q5U81U1IBX4^%M:?Y:10\





_V'L^2'G[8;U8E!+
MD6;H_K1N7Q51'_2 ABJ5[NSNLE=B4].'M6!S'Q)HY^7BQYD[[;)1T;2X[F)[

MWPX*FHC0(\_%YIQ=('X7B%]7X/

-M'_XR@D[]6](Y$OG1:<?
DWJG&G5IS1 SL-APS/^FBE7;.:B?[
*B4T--Y7M9U42U6FCW\4K14U3UCQ?R(V#1&$F5L&8



^\F1I1[Y






ZF(6\AA6/_X6*3


'6\L!
M GSNS #%!@YBK!3I _W8MG_YY#AN?\$M4N8#1_P8Y? DEYL&?':)+$2Q+N

M(JFC\1&#_Z:['DM7RR/V06SHX1(GA3-DD:41VSXY.P)$
+ 7?!^TBZ*C3A8/


F ::+R &:2V9')FBGZ$!3D
M]&[

M!5D
U,<00T\&U44 V(7(M?\%6$D6
M)DPC'X!!]0]:F)L.MI!NIIT!0;N*1Q.P_'<V) V3(X'@N45%QD:L4@C0QJ_
MY+).()+['X;;E- K;1XNX^&.4BIMWC@YA





*

MJ
%TS*G3E@_VBK)
M<F+D9/ QSJ= [;'-2;


L8A?DQ('+#W@!A(B


0X\
18Y3DL1!;*_$*:?A1Y(QLQZ$#%#N_

+YP+?S/-3 -X*?(QX_1



'+LPW?-
2+S@)!E#
M#+0$SO^#*DFDFL-ORP2.O(TH7+@($MN-WPCP@P76*3S_D9\\5)GY%(DS0M9_
M#N+;27Z$N

95?%NP\CPO'?P4
MA%L_B86X'7T!D^4+.@


M3E3B*_FA&#,X O.(E[GYQ8!H^&&#:RMG



@+B*9RYQFND:]KXYL1?P%=&9^&&^/S:

MU#O!KP49\9@G%KXRQCWJ\QL


V0O)= YX0?(J]VYUUTPGH&7!6&*6QZ*
L=O[$XE3R%-
M8]/-] 3#-QS[&WHX27U$3D;0D5^%


2C*N-2R3?,X@[U
M.6#VG3H
F%YR;&S$?MKY;R

.TDDA@U&!4U
03AH3A%=)



5Y8N$!

_]3RD=H_(=6E@2_E1\(L )( #1G\Q;$M$^7/!$!MHE/P:
M
F9M)N\-SEEU!FLD9;EHD61C!,'WM)]*+IU1.Y]!HGUA 'L: L1C-#

5DKL^E


PSWVAD:WX&LV)#Q G_Q:28DLMO6TVGF Z


ME5AL#68?YNK@$I;(VEO^-54\EQ[%BFB
7:7#[CKL9E7X#9A4=\=D15-JIWJ7




M 'TR MNDA!-


MHT^


-
]O

L.DZ.@/G.4CS$V4@4M1A_QM
YW93
M&*?/[-BY*D=R7Q=U6*ZF*01(=JQX\\J55R[

MNCP!PLE).7CYUF O*2[@\S.3Y+CH8T'2
(J+07O[H/LI N!1LN]F58IN1%








JD0K%
=+IWA_W6
M8[]+U-U#HFYM5YB+EZ1W/C86V=W#N@8\#EV(YYBBD%++CW7XRR!GI(Y6 (Z
M_HMV
6G;.0!BA/HY@*V.DPS(2WE3O0+I.Y*+0PJS:?I#Z_;4K!F\'(X7P)




MOXYH@T?C^UM-







M:
F1/T\R8+P]2I=JT'4
[9RNG=/U-V:[89N'R9F$T[70JDAMJ/
!K5M+3Q
M0+ @%



MS0&\-7EBED7=7Q
$!)2N9!8'9&)9:,(/.P3U^]&KYO@$DK8.+'LV (OR-B
MA$O#=SPAL*FU+: & %.F6L0A
Q*U[T=
*#@^AF#=4WG_7+)6*U_-B=QK8C 8M(4-VH$KH_#U@I.LK?Z^6K#F


M'))S=S$Y-MQGT
3=I/\R]JWR(\
YP3@.71/E&E)_CW;] U$?5LKP/%:W/(\+
M]RC%2(AUO-

M-YKK'//$5

5\J@X
M803R2LC*1&$N%#^VT]]S !=




*U @*8JH'DE#


W.IBCU5G;8FMFL'




M6K\%=FPA


M.

M+H((1\]G1LN&/_OC;N,VVQLV[WRDQ;$ZAE$+II(^]\5(7V1TP)F1)U_^*
M[DB]0[


3DBWVPAR/T(Q.R(GG6+S7C$6I

(WS/ 
\:EA0IH91QEA- Y(;8('SI4U(XB@)T+%R%\



MH.JJ*#C


U<F'IC%9(?'9&5PLLBH/%^7Z/97'/\PS!&%8/QAKQ4\U_L9^6AY*
M
( 8!2)
;Q6]31\Q


M_@YD#@R()-DPN%



M:77D2?$M+S/S#'-6^QS\0A@)Q?9MAPA'2V'M!+_G][(:B8=F0:'V$?:US$UA
M!VH1=O-




M=!
ZJ7V/:V1CUW9 \657$9D&
C3H)L M%AFT8UZR1
J'WO0OY%ZS%?R6 K

M88$W5


M$9VBULIB:X3@:^-4Q(_%$E'Q1(VT; *4LI&M0*E$61C)(UT4$H@Y6CQ_P8OX
MJO?M


M8[_5:GE[Q1\L=2
@B  5]::*D\4[7?QPX_@7YE/EQ/M4GZOA^;HKV$SOKPTU
M_-H )I_2!:SY.- OUP1LU=PG=^K _F4_U4^E6S3S99J&:@Y3M[Q'(6OF+;P
MS.V^:25[DKUU.V^1&;=3)5F^V#YV*59='PN:*

8$&QFS.]70N WKC$23)RN4J\GI*?DH$)M^H8HL::3KJBO#$%]$:N??63
M@_%] B$ R.^#E(+TN

)L4-][

^LH6*
M4I&V








7+ZGE/B^^





9&(:[=6J%J#)/IA


-U(9;'#K#+XY/;MP:ZOU




MADE*#!9X%@W_((CR

/9W!_X!/



#)
TN;9ZGL6


;P%C@ -Q(R25@/;0@GG?)ILZ'
T(3DAFJ4)

!KS%4U$VB[$54:/4YLHZ?74



M1 
\Y@9:+9[\MU0
SH_ZZTY.C4)T(9-I\-





:@P:V$5!TU0Y1V %J_T=(#*7+XB0)W2T C1]%)$



^_??[3


PX^] R9O@[-@)AN25&GN:VTL4@U:DD*Z\V@QF-U@;4 !?;U-CR4RC



M*E7DQ=:0BH]:]3EW!(


X?
M,C=,;](@-I\/M
Q()X]Z]TL[(=!.K4.85Z^KV+




U#


M+&@NE

:+R/?6(BN?T![
3=4587]B5O
=XJLRU?6UL9



BD


_;C13E[XE[

!NN






M$#VY_EYPH.
+:_6F
<@S







M^ 9B%HW
$!.\\57D]4A3FFY!/[-[&G8NN-6N@OB!PC0N)S(%&073R4FFW
M84$'W63/'(F:Q;$Y C;$K0
LGCJX
7BC(2MX5NJG_)!_8)QD?)*:%TE#&U9/


J.BM

M%9K/'


M5VER6ZK)/5T]F^LSBMDZ']$E=NKD1M*GV8EICOL==2+J97I!_M?+*(BS
W'

M[10B;^Z3E1'9J+\B(KMK6DL^01+@WV5_4

M


M.YM\7S+V\


M;VD+MGY\W/$[C8
M.M-U$5_G18CO =7AV3NXY!X


-PUZDUBWM=B*GM;RJ=^0?=II;;JCN!BK;+;]9.@-S





CWL
AHYI+]W&_/AW]C7L3!^J*_N
M5)2

MY?-@U($]D7=XR1OV[](-[8L@O0/MBIMI-X&'M7#'A2D&TGW;MN-^9K_MA;UJ

MX^3JZ@2G4B-6JZRPU9H$4\XB3AJ5*2&4N#B#R2T =]OPMP(37CQ- #LRTM0=
M;*(].T9@T:B!Q:
%EC*6ZKAF.\T642OG0 5%!MX?B QJ$-IG[L*%W,C49+F
M(U[@-\]F5N+4PAJ]&;OJ^,XW=TD$(D;&@!,LQXT_\]@ !3![$=M !*7FSC
MR3?V#QM_K@[YN30Y0XH\N\KLALBU^)$[+BKC;.T$H^KLM.SG)?8MOSF
YH%
MX\X!*:Q)\!6&@NS;[_'^#H(PU:.QKV-5P\?A G:JYP-S/0XN*%EY
 *EQ0




MUEZ8]/_6*Z?_ZRHRC\K(UNW(WIIMGB*C?[.[.[F[]?1!OME-FN)%JM)XL]O4

Q@+XB1]8LG&$Y[L; 9_I%GM'@)?XP:OU@^V




-+V&RKXK.*%?XB$8 J


-(F\

M^






V3^R3]L?PN$BS5?=RPDO(]HVX69]+6I^KM

Z0!TBI\K\;(..!9
M?/?W.
2_KO&E1.\G(]@!YK+!KH#^J-MFB$VG_I-36Y1) M_\8+5$]VIB8@EL

M?I#V

WZA\\GUQ_-GXT/[UD(+GKV-.F3?L_BV7G%R?6I^P;O
ML'[HDU\G=






!_[




!-WW
MCKJJ9Q-B4TG7T%T104# (&0&(7?$\]%




MF%<*. 1F( / :=)0^?Y-LGF9)&SVF0#=E?A?_ BD40!&:T]2]N^CP,T!]6
MY:4HSQ#HDX?(+'/?L<
%*M)3:2S#9*PWP0D+9 N6 P1@ %R6UI.@[*O0'+
M%H:D#H-TR(0G]/



^=Z&?)[CX';!<V270['5T

DL'@%9C'*Y[M@UGZ4QY1S SQQ@BK05DY&(\PR(#T4
MB8OZLN,K^7?F'K,O#RUO-/TPGVI4R)(XT;


3G0


WR2GT
QGR'N4NW:];K*F
M+GJ3!!D2,*,FB45:PCEORDAP#AQC@R0W4SE^T,7;?S9$R^$/%7*=#*DG7F9





M.A*$3?TDH]CYEN=B@TY^QTKY+1I6W@B'9L.K
!]WHGK#&):[G7HZNY9L/1J\
M!I+R7:O.X]+@L^6SJ]'(URD=G&G
/GCTA#7K?V:-G+T#N(29_]?YD$G5 [-%
MSD

M)S1-@\P+9H\960[VEA

F[+L]
Q*@ O:G X9=^7

-%!D_
JD<B55(SEM$5AIRX4K?9! 5
MHDF&<0XOWFL$3_5_)<R

MS2U5=R&\&O4LI():9)#(3$D7?2*- EU*!4/FSQHF%

D 06=4L6%WREK2'QPC!D@UOW:0X!K

MF$3DTQE\.7EGK$#8RC6='1
6:

M?U+D/


YD).
MPNQ'2?F#BPIFZJ&KQPZ J0ASU^8+)YL[0F+F&585[7.4_T2:$:5CC*5D+9OW




V.K8Y4/?L;AKYD3
#$U#NSZ*SS/CHY^WM-='M(?:J))JE#\ZWZ%


M2CGN9U(QXFB8:HHTRF;5&96\+T7T
\+#=\H_K=6\O3N*:&%PU]

M+

D7&QVW:E;/
[/4S%RL


DV#U-A:G1!!G/'2%#<%;1_3(5YOF$NF50
CABDQV%
MM@L!AY^25!HUC\91




6
MDQPKYL

M
(
YE'_,8
&4[43;@&=S0MYDX/X1






\2W4_!C8



MB\ Q+Y4^@
M;V+3DZ\-Z-8




UM395E\' E16V
02&BAN2Z23H]*Z-;9=+$MP2MS:GOO6LT
MVZ!BM=SN'+JYM4P9&.-4)Q!@U
GA39/D$$4.9?W77_*L=AL$X]\<+[#E
MW9< -;PW< 9?(R2WH^__M__\U]_^=E-H_ W__\^?\!4$L#!!0    ( YL

#(P
3(S

M_@?6







='BZ:03OA?&::(!LR

MRH5XE5R1UV8S DL3+OSFD_3A
VFS)^#;D3\@2AE)R[$N+.M(\GA.O2L:DG N






M[:(H.@E)M69R1*6U8K*[:)1[SB!HA'-9D7V/R$P&]]@




F^(Y,H^9K3_R$7E
GSE^P*U4K*6-41^'NHBZ5

]8;K=GUK%6RA&;/3.C:V

ZP%8KO=-Z8Y:'3'LC68R4Y251K$:KA8!NS&U'ENU
8LAU6;N

5LK6GZVF3M#E'_W$2%0R1\)%O]%YSL/:7&X0MS

4
M8Z#9=#MI

M6U_&\=Q#LD* WA0QJX5/]4-#9@L7EVH%4.&1V6Y';L
YSXH]/#4 [2;4CR69

O=A8[@498/!:Y&=0#RC$3RS^

MUIR
-P?^-/O8WK
6'0

\72


M+A6'5/;9H\5*A21O 3&
0OFQ!_D-DN)FUW6IV.VJOZ^TVJY:.IB'S



MNUQ^W2%7_B
_F_. QX[ZW

F_P;1

N









MDK5
)S=

OR#N0A^)&:ICX7+R2R?:C9':Z O*@BE_DVX@5^
Q

0;\R_DV^ZA'-
M&1-\7$T^=@ME=TRWM8\X)QSEZ Z0'&]_'*0Y
L


M5@$2M\X]


(R7$9!JLP7W6E&G@#NEO6





M\FB9HMY@AC:H4'I[XNS [2


2+ M@ VL;]TPNS

LD


C R
#$R
S%?8V%L+GAM;.T]:V_D-I+?#[C_H//B%KD//7[

R2_!-5K@S\$E






MLRZJI(/MDW&#4LKZ$\ZC$


MPE*
'S'+L)MM#))UP#Y]S[RH)3;JN ;+1& D=T


M?:





21S-6:0M*^*!$4%)9T1F3L$9;S-K425I7;DD:
4^4_H^CO.L^@DW@\G!8=F7_K?RQW^L8NUID:9MV&,
M'G#,/_M'.:XQ;-\=P:R1EY5-Z']8T?49Q;R0DK,M@C?J7G@NKF8$-YD4+<
MXS0,2$ISM][A]5W4!K6[*5]2* <L9^Q?1&&9A)1RZC@YRE9Z.1=RI;T8474

P#JA8 +_X$;@( X\

M[9^R:L=H5#FD+[F52O([



ML'?Z$7M.&S$V1ED6S2


M'[C7*H1[[U1V@I(_IS3HSU(TU^TR-
*.OP/9G.YU&(TVR:
MBOWEW3,(  M4F ?5$[@DO%/BW1-)\WN<+JY)PNSN*T&\C5-V,UA;C3!HH(]
M**F82



\

MLQL ZSK1 6L



MMHB2*


8&N=+*FMTKN =$T2









4?\



YO71NJ3-(M*_\2K3;9Y7-#PD-H)IJ603N_
MSVTDA:LE-TJ$5Y!C^*)9#SS.KW\;(HCWE.8NS'!NH.7U0^8S7 ;M_-ZXD6:X
]8Y<Q$<CN@=O4+
M%B;JUV$!FL&.U=CZ2'('S*%Y#:'^Y6 (-%#]NU*V
^)]9]2N?33*
 [H$ &-


&M^P4[1.2?H5
!A!C/JO
8XA

DL6&%J
MO%XSW*U&S%[2M^G\+GI
HGD4LMKZJI&$WYX21[77G6J\_-SDI43&;VC:H LV

0U(^!B+#9/&MCF
MI-KOD&YUB+0?'C1IKT YV9)-(=NDE@61R9)51

$K0

M4(+SZ;Y!

MB@Q)1WPK2BKSI!'H%_





MO6EFHB ERQT]@N

XGP[#B_0%'*^



_9WFT



M9YD8*NE
(TCV4P#ZX1RG73KQ YB8SY

=5]G&1D8)ZTZ?/VTC/:





R;LS7B-G'9EUF]8V6*-: .WZW<E
MK
SW'M+TJ







((


M_?2/^:)8T'0.=(2_1%R2:S)R8]XE:Q$Y8 GVK[UEL3WVJ[W#H[UWAV]?(^_-

GP]3A.*H
M#E5E8?4P[MR0BCY%
1ZY?B-
E365 &3C$#%&HL%X






$94C5B-WNFYTJ




MJU9P$._3HOM9F?W*!O3C7GULSR



M-

7ZNNII3#2E.TCK
LYV3W8GG<;VY_IV+O:O@S)WCV/7K6!%6


M!]#N-#\_7T51@KSSA

#]$O7* &IO*VS5K?;;:7
M#NH,[VWL#.G4JKXW2+;;U^[01#RH/QP;[0^W*$[C-JY))*W4




I46R
MZJ4[]/C9UP
21G2113JSN$ QL+ @#5
W\I:5
M1JJA6;3 -M&IK8NHI-X[O.4AI?H;]Y7E318IOUD\P@:H-L2 3Q(O<=F(YS9

Q_K1TA53=LFK3S^



25:CRN+6\P.CADCY8)24]/;D#8JGQMB#Z



M




\]0.!3&

M$L^!/FK#WY'9M.:Z#R2B W? 11!?M=&PK?F4U[KHOO%C@VFJ60F$JZIS
MAHKBCY\M]Y3!J%6#HPXONKS(\KE.AE49'

MD_


M]1+.(9FZ)IU%I:Y1 EKG1I)NP1H'DSR?FPZGAMKJARL*E.5T

MU+@JIRF;\4$THD22SK!'K7$^ZV;39S:25\4Z3


M1TJQW&/5_&LG







!7N;*BGK&ND^?$-


MVHNB0&K_H$_MT96E.[P^=*/'_NN_)(TD/X_*M;_%9JZ3[^X+VX\0U.A[BM*
M/AYV;3NK43PHNC1

M9CUP+!!^

MALPX[L3DD.U$LM2E9XIC*_=







H



K+!%+:UG'6Z;/V
M?:%%6A:0CK8^

M* E(1


MM;)T%= 1AM:BLB\Q50O#Q865S 6-R[QG+2&O;;%- .2Z/  UU
MR]
VZ.#
YOAMQ;S:_)ST&8GBP?C!E7@MHU34U(

D%%

CL.\N
72]FK60@LI$TS6?*!

M




RXX)L*8^EAX5]38[89NT1RVGKWB7!'&7!'&7!%%I/S0!)$+

UDZC9KI/K-WV
M,+:]=!#?9K=[+!YJ+?F1V+092 ^HX;U@O[R5]=/!'?$I*KWCUUYJ50?UXB#

(

IV8Z)=^C9Q0DZ &%SWB$
MV 
I#Y[$0
MC7 J:N!1.X




M^^2%;=C!B\^M&^P7O=O*1*LV'?5[LICKZBH! _J5[%K:.[[) LQSA?\R-J
M]5.I2/ 0D]%W0/E-FN@7



M#K2=

MIKK.G#+\]7;

+2F2G0:+=C= '
M

M1FF.#NESBD*MQ\
^1
T%+K/@[2PH[


G8).ZI#I]DY









M5V#3E(

M5+E/M EEL-.JX+C39)[G24BW?A0S)E[: ==Y0 LW8Q_0B)WMX
IGJU?JVZ9=











MX(Q6)65=(]TGCA 3(2!




MR![6]$(MW_PQ.Z



Z9PTB+;CJ-4^:L.$+:4C8JH:I

M\






C R
#$R











#:D\:GG^^_



_^C!






B\2!%K5-#9C=J
MU:PCCE(BY\@8TVP(#DY+D@UIJ8^['+ZFS][CW[PO7KZES^HY14IF;3;1*-G
M(Q(:Y[T_HMBP\SDEJ4F1S1JP

MHIW@.V#OS%Q'AYKOB#XE\:G7^5WWA/2XSN5RNXN2/:6KIY12_:)526K-R8PH
MVS@:!9USR!@H-T1





M#2Z]- [C)_W!DHK8[@


MN*3BW*GS-UMG38(Z]?E2\P?GG2_31GC0 G]W_I#E8QB'VV*K?
8R^+NM/I:J

6X@D81LZ/?





F+;U0CAS)#?AYNAQA+/$2X/UYB)










Z
MAX^9?L*:N*$FG!S?:]*!/=HY2$'K$$GJ&4A*B!5%^GW5$$/(W!%L^\Z\C :0

\JNKJF2

W@&SM%L$^Z!5

&2OYN RQ*M0 =PA^=PT&E

]W?T*00MXAPR:DGLD9/9ZGR=DC4&9#0HH*!13/ (

M@LLXN/!R77\/Z&QWO%3-(0)Z1*B@(--
B8F2F#!J N1.X+%BF@2@S57D/4D



M&YR4U+0.$7&_]:+HK


M('3M;])5$81

0O\J2CSU






 T9
M0K@

VY_/;K-%:K#TDF&--[
M&6+ YQQ[



UYUX&


MP:V7YL/#!C

YG;9(16
M

1[L5

/
F]Z
9TFZX Q@
(
M00D


M@S
3+8=XXU1P1E%DM'15.!!VFR;

M7CIZ-.@R4%)2K(.S\')!M*8_(3'ED/-\O]@6Y48NH#NVY [YM40
MP

*V
;D+O
8SX5



.-. R4E-8'0%M
VOM3^KH

M TVWGY(89O2;Q(MA



;
M-6AVI6R:2 L:B-ML];2BHK
M/\:P
NS2]C

M.U41VRW^JU.X7P%81HD&35KUQ/HK#3$)Z,C+%(J0*HY( _K-PFXP!9=PEJ

5M_M

7#[*V&N\]QV'X^-
7<#D
M'N=AS):7U9E


&







MQAMY' $.I7JK -R3&3*&C'ESGA@IR*[Y3MRT$6IJI^#JJZP%5DF*%U0]
M_8P 549.D())7?K3C
4IK!1E/TWH\0)LO.2G%&7)LK4^EWA[YR=;VI1H&SEJ



G^/WCP7I4AG1F2[ ;59IO:C[)-%H
&O/-U%VXAT9QD


M

0.)4V&C(TF92ZP2@U36


32CG_YGA G-+&BJJ;Q&

MN%(D_N2%

MBI7$\2)T:!T&93/ X'

2L&$!H6FFBH!
MV*:7@IM=B]0F5.2A  77FU_2

M4%((P3

M]?C0\Z-9C


4?XH#
$_((\M\0


M3): --C)AJ@6B4.ZY']!;J;);D;P[;3=*8!TW]I2&1W4RR
@7[662[%&AP

M!Z9 
5P


M:Y:Y M&

A2(8)Q

C98S


TX-VMVGR$@8T.-M_9COZ[A)2;:BJ9EC:V1_%TS
M!%E^C#+3T
A[Z 9F4<T3BPO
MW7R*Y E)ZX^16!BN[,_P2Q\FAUWU8?*X)U\7&=^V?S-YGK9?FW'3 L]S9%
MG\1N4C51N7[^M/;O:# J44JX!-0A
3DF.&H3'R5OG:7)W#QYI[G*-E/8+30/
M;V$5\@^N49G)BC^
*.+\-J7;L-BJO.DXG]49TM2
WG0WQH3&+YAJ*CJ+Q[Q\

5'O-YB%57XDK@LR2HBM7Q92*BS$;05*JV[AA::/


M&AB7

)D$Y!

M/#G6?/LA9C;^?(X0Y\ ]5'.AXF'%SM8B(7?2C_39B_@R!1;&7KR'R*K'L
M%
M





M7FLA.J#PHULW4S6/9CJ\P90BR&#V8:V(D73)2 !8H':6\$2G+Z-A:4=9#O




M%MEK6
U+.O$Y+

MA:9!ZFV4U\=

MEA\KY+J#Z?XY2?
'FFX-?=N WI5CDZJM\FH]8I0N3::AWI\AG#6[ \8$5AIZ


NV$K8G$OL-/)QY[&F :V [L5WJ'#@IS'#@
M)OX 8[]IAHLJR_E/:5+L&
?D%:$]%=[

M_;*%[0EYI$]A'/
'#!M2*N^HD
/_59!$6*S5B?UR4-(X


M#IYLZ8/W2K



L
7D5I6N/?G$,VOOP*0XWH0\Y9B://E-FJ\OT20;U%O!&G&B /4E=,8Z\W7KI
M'A#9D4,DTPP.FI'



M==


MI\Q@7I^W\ZMVC%6EI






:! X56/ABGZ'_T]LC;L)_1#)C:$FCY/Q E;+





1H
C6DH'MO5]) [_I[Z18KH
MVI0R(8L9Q
S94:36
0@*2^VO/03]7Y+676NMSLO3'E2\K2.4Z\W-TG\=!.^
MT*#,GM:$K*_CG!D&M]G+/Y3V&WK,8WS)JJ\]7E/UO/3RG\'CWX]FFS S-%^
U-
MH\V?G!;;6GM$3_P7-Z_8NN-G+RIH)UUWQ[MK/:(AKTV,33*GS@C1C1^;HJV

M*(F6488^$\.' &;^3-L6EM)V9P !#$C(TN%'K)BS!GMD.Y?2!IENREZ8

MD[)*:*\24$\H#ES?IF&2

OX\58S=

MSB@
^\_TZ(V%X2#JAC]I5]G8O89B8LUL-ADXTJA<!
@<STM:80+Q2G)5N:5

M/WAJK69 @S





\$?ES1+J!_WSCY6-@

_D(

W2_%?NW5:O


MK*B+G=0






MY&#@;-FR)..W;G,'%DPH@FCUAN'^5AECF[Z_1SJBQ,)*,%PV*)RH\!.I#
MDGL1V909G/'
AO+/L=U (P&;
@R4JT7GRD+#6K'S#6&L$J0B\B%+FAQB!&2


5&3
M
&+!2V*%!&_).EO;,5[[NU!M$+N@G]D'FX1W!$5IKZ1G&U&V2*Z@(G2/

D

V=V\RC
S2OZ43L^+!I 3%5;5C#XAG&V0!O;OG!7)

M33E\9SF!#5\D=(K28K6XIA#V0W6'I





M[$FJUVL'KY+7G0
=
4?M.Q6







O#BQ-S2;]HZ/'%W@VTE::_-L+7JN13EKN^TJ
M/L=TM:\2]7KNH=ID%F_2R=




_L1#2F;-OVJ4;'RDA
8Y2$84$S



?J6/$]K;Q8PJW&WD5I?



I*5\?&9MN1429LVQ)SA6UN3[@;R?F!QRH.SGD(
M](G&/E-+EMO1D
?:\#95OQG;8PPX!K:AEM(YH63C.=-ZC$LE6)P.I!M%UL0)
M?!@ )9AA JH;-(D3IVHZ$5PW9MD3+=:.9K[UB9_BW-
\CVB;!8M?P:7!0\)C



&9U*EAP%RCO%C!?3X

OG!C'NK-:A73]
6



M@
JUWV7QR[Y:S
M'%2QE+GNY;]A;7(]5O

M]5'RR+_:A'-.ZOA.MW(JC_%XG8_S2%'^3(FWVT6AS_-









OL<Q6A0
6A\MRJ?*:57B/'A441Y048D3%8XXU6/$Y



MILAQJ61#Y%)

A8T@#/34\R/57$18




)GTEC18[D?(+2YKO15




MWL8L:92- B'3W+;






^?01VTOT&Z7Z$/.Y[


L.OD51;!=D9Z0B#O6P')HJWJ0UTU,YQ:*SB.(&6[4W
M/@U4YJ^+/
N]&


MS)I:JAK#/ $5)/V)Z2M-_9!]Y8T/WVYMS&
-5?DWWL2PU#7/(D-0]H&W/]PT
M5JF&5LB)W_AHJHSYF6WD:%!ZF#(


8<EF$/(P<*'D2\5)O)*5U'-T60X!D6N9

MNJ5?AOX(93$-J4
OUV^K(G].4B@H_3D.:-J)


5*XW





'_^ !@(?-MC0&Z
9!@ 89.'



M?ZL#8H)MJE'25 ^( ]+E/G)J]/

M
0X79S-HM
2





MGB+
+!


M%YHPY):(10=+JB

@R;9
Y=C!'1

BR0Q^0)\L

T? IC+X+?KK;@CU6I0@SX


M)@&?FYFI_[!;00SQ&SG5CY!P






MWC_=PO

M/+]G^$H=.[2.F
OCK0)&;H
F_FWR
F+[5+!;T44*.EQ=HU=RV4U-6G(



+_INV,A@IO?PQ5%.Z95U?1V(;PCU1 C
&87W#^R-SVB&W
MD;=_3/:7X5W:9C!P8FO&
:6ER=
Z[HL(LJ#M)A.2&


PT*R


[+8^H\72^IGN[K#FT?2)34=$.&X+(PYA3
MR'IY.9





88

M
KJR@C19$%O%@\R
M*Q9 1*\TO1O_T![(0DZ







?\W(+4#C*_?)+DO[&YIYS;Q?F



[4]PWJXF6PA'036JF
6P7;
 ZS

+;\6G_&PR]Q^;6$*9C B[-X



M;[^[NSQ87D:J;/[%8^LG

OG(\4
21YN7@[8YP[






+\/#GG!C

M9G7JDCUXKZHC3/@;K@87%1/2S544$+US4^MN/)\F\A2:IEDST23)E&7-N@N?
MGMG_?
XH?^Z[BH/JOFS[ZA
*E$XK\CE5**Z.7= BP_*@*4B''XJ




O9]
(4DRZ#AD2_?H^F&]2Z2=.:L#5]A]9EHPMI7)0M+U B

MIE'7L/

MR-U/%4B?XFQ%/M2=J%'7L!.YA/K(P8W+'3%/4RMG&B?^GE0I/*DOFV%924'3
MFX/R9


LV
NWR

M'KX2;OS#5Z?TQ.';B'(_?.]HE:0L6V_NGY

MQF1#.

U)H1



:Y@)/FK
]






#SJ

B1LY4!26P-@%JA/C1R=%4TUK,)E56W9BP._L^6ABHCSPO+?(!XF
MF24F6,S#IRI\4%;#OO5V]=NN



ZLP<FGK7K
MP28<OFQUGS5[@MUWEV^BD
WO)441#@X0/G#$5!)Q-_[$)]GX^2G) FR^R0*



MOIF@-

\B)(HR#!*?KG-RG^YC_^S__\'Q/RGW_\







MDW$=9(3U!2KB
$BT:.+V-$(@G5R((I+/YK
5M4 $:7 Y+V,$W9;X/W!4XB

%/6B+L=3)UBQ[-+X#X8-F6]7Q(IF2 =E


MF@$D).EDA*Q3E
6/9+(_(@V]DG8RM*@-6'/MKK
7Y*2U1'?!LUH^G*;FI#);
M





M-K](Z=8'9R^&):#\@!MVS^






*!%


6KKI=$ :;T2KI
MKEW:#PJ#PR
KA'&G#LC*JU$YZL[)[P0;&TES* I.#K!*-CT0/G4I@47?: P5

XHIG\D[K_





M6N7





Q4%Y CPFB]E@K+E'M(&2<^X'.NW*B^K@L:@]%)U=N#Z R4=2SOU










M$ROQE G:NZ[AJ!8W!O'A$S:W*$GHNR8H);PEA-AIM(Q3]HHLS1!68@7M[[H0



X]LTX[K+MH#.2_T:@1CE:#\




%9G&

MQP6J[]9?


M\&-
X#U^^4)VZ1?IILS$-SBQZI*M;H*PXQ_*G]*T2SOPH.E)@?2^6?[9*5


+BVU9Z:#GY@2N%P


MJP6OMP]U24WKA%A*KU8GUY0N;0&OSA@LRJ%;TPYNTTY^:VN()D)6&C]KYI

Z6JP2_(%1O
MC =.=]DH/E1$-3WMU5+SUV-4!6'J%4R:0@7K[4.U4O/^(Y&4?
6ULS-IG'/U
M5V[90#Y4
K5U#)3*S@_@X4F_O
1QL1Z


MP1 @



!%YX)
MRP#7%GLOCIO2%GW)O=+5Y#Q.@S0TLYI(QP)?$?1_-0'(S)/5)

A0A'+YKM!

MW4_XJ
OGG3V'BR!]0#=DI3Z;SY'






I#^^_;W-63B_M)^ G30A=D#X.RE.TM

MHAH:WFG


4C&7_
M+H6VJ-S/POIT_X;Y_)KO2_GXE%W*J[[LTM#D]8 +N^+;\R-4E2ST9U3Z?7


M1BO' 19&22 2CMY/)9UG:1O3Y0A& &0N-76X3J@MR Z6GZ.ZX74[4.=)]M


M+(]N@1





_KK^Z=\/]R?




M9(2-6H3-++Y5+,8V!V*O#_N*RVY^#%5SX(L)0S2]TJ8V0'/6&5'*'S^.*Z
MLO #.)HG#P:+VQ@*D#]N* G/?H!RA9X:3&4X)3^&J#'YP8CICP2%TQ__U%!I
M^8'U=1;CK'KFZ0:%29#G+(#)Q!W]=UDY=!IU\61N$=V1H%C[X^,:*JU]7W?
ML6OM_

=


M+94EFSN]



M:/@-G$:$D88$/I:,&14U^&T,:HP7(KN5W5!L3+)O^A5U-)7++
A_5^'VN7

5_H.@+P3MK(
DN'1R_G#VC+(QSLD;%(;JA[\!K36-[

M=+M [%GY:13%M%F0;+$'58%R08QK%X*1

MMRA[)/O#Z7/
DSUIRF^Y#Y(7$M]P[K@1.UV
:XKR4[P
8M[UGRWYO.:. 1#*

U-D-(:QW49;N'AHY\M-4 ^GF#;KLDY





+AU!;
/I[_H_5
MGC]%#X2HZ(Y
<V=E[#5,9YB?BU%:M??G*6;XFTW**'KY760<?U1
MM)NRE_-LVJA@_CP:3I

MG.







M]M*[F*6F D

MJ(;F0L%L





MI0J&\MKZ@:&^YDJ LWE_$_BT
\KC2!;#80_)=AJY=GV(-:GUA#.7-4MAL6





M=9F3LR6+%KR]PFFP_4V37U7FL?9 ?@ M5=IN:HTNBW;VQ&?+58)?$)H^D#52




M 533GR\&I]W*]3VW@8#P6/4#A.L






MNABQ00*H6B+MY/(PN=?/MP.@.+S?OL.4XCU_O[UZ6&Y+(/T2%: TR5O::8]P

M8S\._)M'-.OPFPH547O74]#H)'S[@D^_VUGJ]-:Q#'N?3@-[@'2
;2*74:

FL9X-0

SABUNW^=XN;'R^O8*&A3&(V:=E:*4VJ\V9J)MK_]%@

IR9E3$'WI30H=3+I:
.WVT&X(.+'RS-$ ^=/*



H32/HNS4
9^/TL \]HU2@$SVWO
_
M!$DI*5T [.[

V



XRBD:N?YH2

MWU;)G


7?61_VTZ-8
A@TH=36Q)[C;)N
2/.:[D5.-U4G'U8N6 4%&/OZ



MXH

 .M3$1^

(^PJO,;YFNY9RMT-2*=KHSBXQCN

\*.5

/DKZU/'\(.XUS91)&JUU$4@89.


MY0P;
:@WT_I5Q($-X#LN6/PJ+'SSTA[*EOG:?TYO&YPC:@7!AA\TE.OUP+K6
MP.7IX^;/FZO+%G

3^0(2Y^+G:7;WUTA

R-D?=R[YJTIQ!B*;F_C
FELI$RP?W[M#@/

UTPN_V  )I_QMX4@'Q!6 $MSXH&8.1?7;#(KWZ]
%?)U0M<<K6:)6_CM/4
M]:Y+JEF]<A@3OTX
C;(JTIY3\MB@3-:[@@$2;_3OAP1 9Q[!]%UD
VRZO8/
?ARVV;94UQF99$704K3YS7 :?5RG74\'$.\W[ U/3M57OQ&T2G?W7EY7:5
MQ!(_&JBSZR0 /:
($X5[[^Y%2GY$=\$S\.KO]^^[7MUJA D;PC
_[H8YG4QL

VRV0E2BZ0.]9
*NHLYQ]A1D4:YP^2H[^N%/ 8#5F6A*QCSQ$(OI[)D2
M'?0N??

B[R#9M*(7

3CKG]WY1_8/TB-[^Q;VAI1)34NC\822

M19
-21/R3[X[X. $
)5 


- /9N!]?/3H[ DL_[P9^T\2==
P 6J(C#(.$[EW[8K7-I

CSU\\9%=0)NQC$::E?R5Y207P(M??^.6\YK4PTV
M-)JL!_3L&M@^EO/:Y@9R#[;-_/+CEVV;Z^%Y?W3@*FJ$IBY3_AQ^P%61


MFEXU);/NRI+?T3TG/1A'\6

R17G5_4;UP*.SPRM=Q%?N-; R_X%0=-1=
M/(%4KJ)J@+PJVSS8\5 [;C\QC^U%6E5N_)3AW(8_2/8QU]6)C?G/3+F$U
@

MPU:!\F3;
E2 
CZWK[#*H[([^;CK=&#_S*P^=*]05WE/R^Y(4_F?=IVEO!]Z
M*H/-5I$B0L;G(/L-%8P86K5FFTT@.'XK^KA.+C:/-8#I5V%*:FX:Y:BO2GE)

'R.K2N+O]5T@=BTFA;L&US5K*GA8!/NTZI]E8KP;#MN98V

M]KF$67! ZK_@MA[O_:,Y5BZ@+K\XY]'EXT[I'R#_$PR671V )U9+%Y9IG6



E39(N




=.RDS*M)E4)09
YIXGN#T
4?']'J4V?L%H(GQUO2KNH]$R.BH_5
M/D[1?7&1DN6P9!4?I9:,U]:3R0(Q8CSRK;SJ.A($R'O3XAY^ )6*RDH]E^B
M/L$I.?X4

M        0    !C:7)X+3(P,C Q,C,Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( YLL5)1
M]PN3Q(  )S    1                96I  !C:7)X+3(P
C Q
C
Q+GAS

M  !C:7)X+3(P
C Q
C
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 

#(P
3(S



C R
#$R

C Q
C
Q7W!R92YX;6Q0


